WASHINGTON -- Ryan Zimmerman 's first home run of the season came on a 1 - 0 pitch from Peter Moylan with two outs in the ninth inning , giving the Washington Nationals a 3 - 2 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . Zimmerman hit a 1 - 0 pitch from Peter Moylan ( 0 - 1 ) into the right - field seats for his first career game - ending homer . It was the first game - ending homer of Zimmerman 's career . Jon Rauch ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win , and Jon Rauch ( 1 - 0 ) got the win . Ryan Zimmerman hit a solo homer in the ninth off Peter Moylan ( 0 - 1 ) , who was making his major league debut . Jon Rauch ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for his first major league win , and Jon Rauch ( 1 - 0 ) got the win . Ryan Zimmerman hit a solo homer in the ninth for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Washington 's Odalis Perez allowed one run and four hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked one . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI double by Nick Johnson and a run - scoring single by Austin Kearns . Hudson allowed two runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI double by Nick Johnson and a run - scoring single by Austin Kearns .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- The St. Louis Cardinals have been waiting for Aaron Harang to find a way to beat the Cincinnati Reds . Rick Ankiel had three hits and drove in two runs , Braden Looper pitched six effective innings and the Cardinals beat the Reds 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Looper ( 4 - 1 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . Jason Isringhausen pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . Aaron Harang ( 1 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Harang ( 1 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked three . Harang ( 1 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked three . Harang ( 1 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Ryan Freel and a two - out RBI single by Ryan Freel in the second . Looper ( 4 - 1 ) allowed two earned runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . Looper ( 4 - 1 ) allowed two earned runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . Jason Isringhausen pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . Harang ( 1 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked three .
MIAMI -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have been waiting for Chad Billingsley to come through in a big way . Billingsley pitched seven innings of three - hit ball , James Loney hit a three - run triple and the Dodgers routed the Florida Marlins 13 - 1 on Tuesday night . Billingsley ( 1 - 4 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked four . The Dodgers ' Rafael Furcal had a career - high five hits , including a triple , and scored three times . He also had a career - high five hits and scored three times . Russell Martin hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot in the second inning , and James Loney added a three - run triple in the eighth to help the Dodgers win for the fifth time in six games . The Dodgers have won six of their past seven games . The Dodgers have won five of their past six games . They have won six of their past seven games . Billingsley ( 1 - 4 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked four . Scott Olsen ( 3 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Florida 's Scott Olsen ( 3 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Marlins scored three unearned runs in the fifth to make it 4 - 0 . Furcal led off with a single , stole second , took third on a wild pitch and came home on a single by Jeff Kent . The Dodgers added three unearned runs in the eighth against Matt Lindstrom . Furcal hit a bases - loaded triple off Matt Lindstrom .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- Jhonny Peralta 's first home run of the season came on a 3 - 1 pitch from Andy Pettitte in the fifth inning that gave the Cleveland Indians a 6 - 4 win over the New York Yankees on Tuesday night . Peralta hit a three - run homer in the fifth off Pettitte ( 3 - 2 ) , who gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 5.45 ERA in his last five starts . Pettitte ( 3 - 2 ) gave up five runs , four earned , and eight hits in five innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 5.45 ERA in his last five starts . Pettitte ( 3 - 2 ) gave up five runs , four earned , and eight hits in five innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 5.45 ERA in his last five starts . Pettitte ( 3 - 2 ) gave up five runs , four earned , and eight hits in five innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 5.45 ERA in his last five starts . Pettitte ( 3 - 2 ) gave up five runs , four earned , and eight hits in five innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 5.45 ERA in his last five starts . Pettitte ( 3 - 2 ) gave up five runs , four earned , and eight hits in five innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 5.45 ERA in his last five starts . Pettitte ( 3 - 2 ) gave up five runs , four earned , and eight hits in five innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 5.45 ERA in his last five starts . Giambi 's second homer , a two - run shot in the fourth , gave the Yankees a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth . It was his first multihomer game of the season and first since July 8 , 2007 , against the New York Yankees . Hideki Matsui hit a solo homer in the second for New York , and Hideki Matsui hit a solo shot in the sixth .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- The Houston Astros are starting to feel good at the plate . Lance Berkman hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , Jack Cassel pitched five solid innings and the Houston Astros beat the Cincinnati Reds 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Lance Berkman hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , and Jack Cassel ( 1 - 0 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings . Jose Valverde pitched the ninth for his third save in four chances . Johnny Cueto ( 1 - 2 ) allowed eight hits and five runs with two walks and two strikeouts in seven innings . Cueto ( 1 - 2 ) gave up eight hits and five runs with two walks and two strikeouts in seven innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Berkman 's two - run homer , his first of the season . The Reds tied it in the bottom half on Scott Hatteberg 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by Paul Bako . The Reds tied it in the bottom half on Paul Bako 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by Paul Bako . The Reds tied it in the bottom half on Paul Bako 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by Paul Bako . The Reds tied it in the bottom half on Paul Bako 's RBI double and Paul Bako 's run - scoring single . The Reds tied it in the bottom half on Paul Bako 's RBI double and Paul Bako 's RBI single .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- Jason Bay and the Pittsburgh Pirates are going to need a spark . Bay hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the fifth inning , and the Pirates rallied for a 7 - 4 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Bay hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the fifth inning to tie the game at 4 - 4 , and the Pirates tied it in the fifth against Anthony Reyes ( 1 - 1 ) . Freddy Sanchez led off with a double and scored on Xavier Nady 's sacrifice fly . Xavier Nady added a sacrifice fly and Xavier Nady added a sacrifice fly . Damaso Marte ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win and Matt Capps pitched a perfect ninth for his sixth save in six opportunities . The Cardinals have lost five of six . Damaso Marte ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win and Matt Capps pitched a perfect ninth for his sixth save in six opportunities . The Cardinals have lost five of six . The Cardinals have lost five of six . The Cardinals have lost five of six . The Cardinals have lost five of six . St. Louis starter Todd Wellemeyer gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings , walking one and striking out a season - high five . St. Louis starter Todd Wellemeyer gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Cardinals scored three times in the first to take a 4 - 0 lead . Skip Schumaker led off with a double and scored on Troy Glaus ' two - run double . Glaus followed with a two - run single to make it 4 - 0 .
MILWAUKEE -- The Milwaukee Brewers ' biggest comeback win of the season came at Miller Park . Rickie Weeks hit a bases - loaded triple in the bottom of the 12th inning , and the Brewers beat the St. Louis Cardinals 9 - 8 on Tuesday night . Rickie Weeks hit a three - run triple in the sixth inning , and Rickie Weeks had a three - run triple in the sixth to give Milwaukee a 7 - 3 lead . Seth McClung ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 12th to earn the win . Isringhausen ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up four runs on four hits and a walk in one - third of an inning . Seth McClung ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 12th to earn the win . Isringhausen ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up four runs and four hits in one - third of an inning . Seth McClung ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 12th to earn the win . Milwaukee starter Kyle Lohse gave up four runs and eight hits in four - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . He gave up four runs and eight hits in four - plus innings in his first start of the season . The Cardinals scored four times in the seventh to cut the lead to 8 - 7 , but Gagne gave up an RBI single to Aaron Miles and a run - scoring double to Aaron Miles in the ninth . Milwaukee starter Manny Parra gave up three runs and nine hits in five innings . He was replaced by Salomon Torres , who gave up an RBI single to Pujols in the ninth .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Cliff Lee has been one of the best pitchers in the American League . Lee pitched eight innings of two - hit ball , Casey Blake homered and drove in three runs and the Cleveland Indians beat the Minnesota Twins 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Lee ( 3 - 0 ) struck out eight and walked one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.77 ERA in three starts against the Twins this season . Rafael Perez pitched the ninth to complete the two - hitter . Lee ( 3 - 0 ) struck out eight and walked one . Rafael Perez pitched the ninth to complete the two - hitter . Francisco Liriano ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs and four hits in five innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Liriano walked five and struck out three in five innings . The Twins have lost six of their last seven games and have been shut out three times this season . The Twins were shut out for the third time this season . The Twins were shut out for the third time this season . The Twins were shut out for the third time this season . The Twins were shut out for the third time this season . The Twins were shut out for the third time this season . The Twins were shut out for the third time this season . The Twins were shut out for the third time this season . The Twins were shut out for the third time this season . The Twins were shut out for the third time this season . The Twins were shut out for the third time this season .
BOSTON -- David Ortiz 's first grand slam came in an 11 - 3 win over the Texas Rangers on Wednesday night . Ortiz hit a grand slam and drove in five runs , Daisuke Matsuzaka pitched into the sixth inning and the Boston Red Sox beat the Texas Rangers 11 - 3 on Tuesday night . Dustin Pedroia hit a two - run homer for the Red Sox , who won for just the third time in 10 games . Daisuke Matsuzaka ( 4 - 0 ) gave up three runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Red Sox , who have won four of five . Luis Mendoza ( 0 - 2 ) gave up seven runs , five hits and three walks in three - plus innings . The Red Sox have won four of their last five games and have won four of their last five . Luis Mendoza ( 0 - 2 ) gave up seven runs , five hits and three walks in three - plus innings in his first start of the season . Hank Blalock hit a two - run homer and Josh Hamilton had a sacrifice fly for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Mendoza ( 0 - 2 ) gave up seven runs , five hits and three walks in three - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The Red Sox jumped ahead 1 - 0 in the third when Ian Kinsler led off with a single and scored on Josh Hamilton 's sacrifice fly . Blalock 's two - run homer cut it to 9 - 3 in the sixth , but the Rangers made it 9 - 3 in the eighth on Blalock 's two - run homer .
ANAHEIM , Calif. ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Angels have been waiting for R. A. Dickey to find a way to beat the Seattle Mariners . Torii Hunter had three hits and drove in three runs , Torii Hunter had three hits and drove in three runs and the Angels beat the Mariners 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in six - plus innings , striking out two and walking two . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts after going 0 - 3 with a 6.35 ERA in his first three starts of the season . Dickey ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in six - plus innings , striking out two and walking two . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts after going 3 - 0 with a 2.37 ERA in his first three starts of the season . Dickey ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in six - plus innings , striking out two and walking two . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts after going 3 - 0 with a 2.37 ERA in his first three starts of the season . Dickey ( 0 - 1 ) was charged with five runs and eight hits in six - plus innings . He struck out two and walked two . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . Sexson hit a solo homer in the second inning , a solo shot in the second , and added a solo shot in the second . He hit a solo shot in the second inning , a solo shot in the second , and added a solo shot in the second . Sexson homered twice and drove in four runs for the Mariners .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) -- Johan Santana did n't need much run support for the New York Mets . Santana pitched seven strong innings , David Wright had four hits and drove in two runs and the Mets beat Cole Hamels and the Philadelphia Phillies 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Santana ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings . He walked none and struck out 10 . Billy Wagner pitched a scoreless ninth for his third save . Cole Hamels ( 2 - 2 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked three . Hamels ( 2 - 2 ) gave up eight hits and five runs -- four earned -- with three walks and four strikeouts in seven innings . Hamels ( 2 - 2 ) gave up eight hits and five runs -- four earned -- with three walks and four strikeouts in seven - plus innings . The Phillies have lost five of six . Hamels ( 2 - 2 ) gave up eight hits and five runs -- four earned -- in seven innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Phillies have lost five of six . Hamels ( 2 - 2 ) gave up eight hits and five runs -- four earned -- in seven innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Angel Pagan 's two - out RBI double . The Mets made it 2 - 0 in the third . Jose Reyes drew a leadoff walk , stole second , advanced to third on a wild pitch and scored on Angel Pagan 's triple to left - center . The Mets made it 2 - 0 in the third on Angel Pagan 's run - scoring triple off Hamels .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Randy Johnson did n't have his best stuff , but it was n't enough for the Arizona Diamondbacks . Aaron Rowand drove in the go - ahead run in the seventh inning , Randy Winn drove in two runs and the Giants beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Johnson ( 0 - 1 ) allowed three unearned runs and three hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked four in his first career start against the Giants . Johnson walked four and threw 49 of 90 pitches for strikes . He allowed three hits and three runs -- both unearned -- in five innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Arizona starter Jonathan Sanchez gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out three . Conor Jackson hit a two - run homer in the first for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Arizona starter Jonathan Sanchez gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out three . Arizona starter Jonathan Sanchez gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out three . Arizona starter Jonathan Sanchez gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out three . Arizona starter Jonathan Sanchez gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out three . Sanchez gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out three .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Brian Bannister did n't have his best stuff . Bannister threw a three - hitter , Alex Gordon homered and the Kansas City Royals beat the Minnesota Twins 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Bannister ( 3 - 0 ) , who had been 0 - 3 in his previous five starts , allowed only one unearned run and three hits . He walked one and struck out three . Bannister ( 3 - 0 ) threw 72 of his 111 pitches for strikes . He threw 72 of 111 pitches for strikes . Bannister ( 3 - 0 ) struck out three and walked one in his first career complete game . He threw 111 pitches , walked one and struck out three . Bannister ( 3 - 0 ) struck out three and walked one in his first career complete game . He threw 111 pitches , walked one and struck out three . Bannister ( 3 - 0 ) struck out three and walked one in his first career complete game . He threw 111 pitches , walked one and struck out three . Francisco Liriano ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked five and struck out four . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Justin Morneau 's two - out RBI single . The Royals tied it in the bottom of the first on Miguel Olivo 's RBI single . Gordon led off the fourth with a double and scored on Tony Pena 's sacrifice fly . The Royals took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the inning . Gordon led off with a double and scored on Tony Pena 's sacrifice fly . Gordon led off the inning with a double and scored on Tony Pena 's sacrifice fly . The Royals tied it in the bottom of the first on Miguel Olivo 's RBI single .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- Bobby Crosby and the Oakland Athletics are on a roll . Crosby hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs , Lenny DiNardo earned his first major league win and the Athletics beat the Cleveland Indians 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . DiNardo ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and two hits over 3 1/3 innings in his first start of the season . The right - hander walked a career - high eight in his first start of the season . The right - hander walked the first two hitters in the third , then gave up a single to Mike Sweeney and a walk to Travis Buck before Daric Barton 's two - run single . Daric Barton drew a bases - loaded walk with the bases loaded in the fourth to make it 3 - 1 . Crosby 's three - run homer off Rafael Perez made it 7 - 2 in the seventh . Lenny DiNardo ( 1 - 0 ) gave up two runs and six hits in five - plus innings . Fausto Carmona ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and two hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked a career - high eight in his first career start against the A 's . The right - hander walked the first two hitters in the third , then retired the next two hitters . Hernandez walked Jack Cust and Travis Buck to load the bases . Daric Barton drew a bases - loaded walk to make it 2 - 0 . Carmona walked Jack Cust and Travis Buck to open the fourth . Barton followed with a two - run single to center to give the Athletics a 2 - 0 lead . Sizemore had a sacrifice fly in the bottom half .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Livan Hernandez did n't need much run support for the Minnesota Twins . Hernandez pitched seven scoreless innings , Justin Morneau hit a solo homer and the Twins beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Hernandez ( 3 - 0 ) allowed seven hits , walked one and struck out three . The right - hander , who has n't won since April 26 , struck out three and walked one . Hernandez ( 3 - 0 ) allowed seven hits , walked one and struck out three . The right - hander , who has a 7.13 ERA in his last three starts , has a 7.13 ERA in that span . Hernandez ( 3 - 0 ) gave up seven hits , walked one and struck out three . The right - hander , who has n't won since April 21 , walked one and struck out three . Hernandez ( 3 - 0 ) gave up seven hits , walked one and struck out three . The right - hander , who has n't won in his last five starts , walked one and struck out three . Hernandez ( 3 - 0 ) allowed seven hits , walked one and struck out three . Jesse Crain pitched two scoreless innings , and Joe Nathan worked the ninth to complete the seven - hitter . Gil Meche ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs and five hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out six . Meche ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs and five hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out six . The Royals scored four runs in the second off Meche ( 0 - 2 ) , who allowed five runs and five hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out six .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- Edwin Jackson did n't need much run support for the Tampa Bay Rays . Jackson pitched eight innings of two - hit ball , Mike DiFelice drove in three runs and the Rays beat the Seattle Mariners 7 - 0 on Tuesday night . Jackson ( 2 - 0 ) struck out six and walked four in his longest outing of the season . He gave up two hits and struck out six in eight scoreless innings . Jackson ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two hits , walked four and struck out six in his longest outing of the season . The right - hander was coming off a three - hit shutout of Tampa Bay in his previous start , when he gave up six runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings of a 7 - 3 loss to the New York Yankees . The Mariners have lost four of five . Miguel Batista ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in six - plus innings for the Mariners . Miguel Batista ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs , eight hits and three walks in six - plus innings for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Batista ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in six - plus innings . The right - hander was coming off a three - hit shutout of Tampa Bay in his previous start , when he gave up six runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings of a 7 - 3 loss to the Rays . The Mariners have lost six of eight . The Mariners have lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Jason Kubel and the Minnesota Twins are starting to come up with a big hit . Kubel hit a grand slam and drove in a career - high six runs , leading the Twins to a 12 - 5 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Kubel 's grand slam in the sixth inning gave Minnesota an 11 - 3 lead , but the White Sox could n't hold a 12 - 3 lead in the sixth . Joe Crede led off the bottom of the fifth with a homer , and Paul Konerko and Paul Konerko hit consecutive solo shots in the bottom half to cut the Twins ' lead to 7 - 3 . Paul Konerko and Paul Konerko hit solo homers for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Scott Baker ( 2 - 0 ) allowed three runs and five hits in five innings for the Twins , who have won three of four . Brian Bass got three outs for his first major league save . John Danks ( 0 - 1 ) gave up seven runs -- five earned -- and seven hits in 2 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . Danks ( 0 - 1 ) gave up seven runs and seven hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . Paul Konerko and Nick Swisher homered for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Danks ( 0 - 1 ) gave up seven runs and seven hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . The White Sox scored a pair of runs in the first inning off John Danks ( 0 - 1 ) , who allowed seven runs and seven hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two .
ANAHEIM , Calif. ( AP ) -- Jake Westbrook has been a big part of the Cleveland Indians ' rotation . Westbrook threw a seven - hitter for his first career complete game , leading the Indians to a 4 - 3 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Westbrook ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and seven hits over his first career complete game . He struck out four and walked none . The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in his first three starts against the Angels , including a 2 - 1 victory in his last start . Westbrook ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and seven hits over his first career complete game . He struck out four and walked none . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.00 ERA in his last four starts against the Angels . Vladimir Guerrero hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Westbrook ( 1 - 1 ) allowed three runs and seven hits over his first career complete game . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in his first three starts against the Angels , including a 2 - 1 victory in his last start , when he gave up a two - run homer to Vladimir Guerrero in the ninth inning of a 6 - 5 victory . The Indians have won four of their last five games after a 1 - 8 start . Westbrook ( 1 - 1 ) allowed three runs and seven hits over his first career complete game . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in his first three starts against the Angels , including a 2 - 1 victory in his last start , when he gave up a two - run homer to Vladimir Guerrero in the ninth inning of a 6 - 5 victory . The Indians have won four of their last five games after a 1 - 8 start . Westbrook ( 1 - 1 ) allowed three runs and seven hits over his first career complete game . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in his first three starts against the Angels , including a 2 - 1 victory in his last start , when he gave up a two - run homer to Vladimir Guerrero in the ninth inning of a 6 - 5 victory . The Indians have won four of their last five games after a 1 - 8 start . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Robert Andino and the rest of the Florida Marlins have been waiting for him to get a win . Uggla hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning , and the Marlins beat the Washington Nationals 10 - 7 on Tuesday night . Uggla hit a three - run homer off Tim Redding ( 1 - 1 ) in the third inning and a three - run shot off Chris Schroder in the ninth . Renyel Pinto ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 2 2/3 scoreless innings for the win and Kevin Gregg got four outs for his first save . The Nationals have won six of their last seven games . The Nationals have lost four of five . Renyel Pinto ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 2 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Kevin Gregg got four outs for his first save . The Nationals , who have lost six of seven , scored a run in the first inning and a two - run homer by Uggla in the third . Renyel Pinto ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 2 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Kevin Gregg got four outs for his first save . The Nationals , who have lost four of five , scored a run in the first inning on a passed ball by Cristian Guzman . The Nationals tied it in the bottom of the first on a double by Felipe Lopez , an RBI double by Felipe Lopez and an RBI double by Felipe Lopez . The Nationals tied it in the bottom of the inning on Milledge 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by Felipe Lopez . The Nationals took a 3 - 2 lead in the bottom of the inning . Ronnie Belliard led off with a single , stole second and scored on Felipe Lopez 's double . Guzman followed with a two - run single , and Guzman followed with a two - run single to make it 7 - 5 . Guzman 's two - run single in the fourth pulled Washington to 7 - 6 , but Guzman 's two - run single in the bottom half made it 7 - 6 . Guzman 's two - run single in the fourth made it 7 - 6 , and Guzman 's sacrifice fly in the eighth made it 8 - 7 .
BALTIMORE -- Down by three runs in the first inning , the Baltimore Orioles finally found a way to beat the Seattle Mariners . Melvin Mora hit a two - run homer , Melvin Mora added a two - run shot and the Orioles beat the Mariners 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Brian Roberts had three hits and drove in two runs for the Orioles , who took two of three from the Mariners . Raul Ibanez homered and drove in two runs for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Dennis Sarfate ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win and George Sherrill worked the ninth for his fourth save . Dennis Sarfate ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win and George Sherrill worked the ninth for his fourth save . Seattle starter Carlos Silva allowed four runs , nine hits and struck out five in seven innings . Seattle starter Daniel Cabrera allowed four runs and five hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out five . Baltimore starter Carlos Silva allowed four runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Seattle starter Carlos Silva allowed four runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Silva allowed four runs , four earned , and nine hits in six innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Silva allowed four runs , four earned , and nine hits in six innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Silva allowed four runs and nine hits in six innings .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Minnesota Twins manager Ron Gardenhire was n't going to let Scott Baker give up a run in the first inning , but the right - hander settled down to pitch effectively into the seventh inning to help the Twins beat the Kansas City Royals 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Baker ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three runs and seven hits with two strikeouts and no walks in 6 2/3 innings . Joe Nathan pitched the ninth for his second save . John Bale ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in 6 1/3 innings for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Bale ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in 6 1/3 innings for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Bale gave up four runs and 10 hits in 6 1/3 innings for Kansas City . He struck out two and walked one . The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring groundout by Jose Guillen and a run - scoring single by John Buck . The Royals took a 3 - 1 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Adam Everett and a run - scoring single by Adam Everett . Bale allowed four runs and 10 hits in 6 1/3 innings for Kansas City . He struck out two and walked one . The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring groundout by Jose Guillen and a run - scoring single by Billy Butler . The Royals took a 3 - 1 lead in the second on an RBI groundout by Adam Everett and an RBI single by Adam Everett .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Angels were n't going to let Jon Garland get the win . Garland pitched eight strong innings and Vladimir Guerrero had three hits and three RBIs , leading the Angels to a 9 - 1 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Garland ( 1 - 0 ) gave up one run and six hits with one walk and no strikeouts . The right - hander has a 1.13 ERA in three starts against the Twins this season , including a no - hitter in his first start of the season . Garland ( 1 - 0 ) gave up one run and six hits with a walk and a strikeout in eight innings . Darren O'Day worked out of a bases - loaded jam in the eighth and Darren O'Day worked the ninth to complete the three - hitter . Boof Bonser ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in six innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Bonser ( 0 - 1 ) allowed eight hits and four runs -- three earned -- in six innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Bonser ( 0 - 1 ) gave up eight hits and four runs -- three earned -- in six innings for the Twins . He struck out four and walked none . Bonser ( 0 - 1 ) gave up eight hits and four runs -- three earned -- in six innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Bonser , who was recalled from Triple-A Rochester before the game , gave up four runs and eight hits in six innings .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- The New York Mets finally found a way to beat the Florida Marlins . Fernando Tatis drove in the winning run with a two - out double in the 12th inning , and the Mets rallied for a 7 - 6 victory over the Florida Marlins on Tuesday night . Luis Castillo hit a two - run homer in the first inning , and Jose Reyes and Endy Chavez also went deep for the Mets , who won for just the third time in 10 games . The Mets have won five of six and are a major league - best 23 - 8 since June 1 . They have won five of six overall . The Mets have won six of seven and are a major league - best 16 - 8 since June 1 . They have won five of six overall and five of six . The Mets have won six of their last seven games and have won five of six overall . The Mets have won six of their last seven games and have won five of six overall . The Mets have won six of their last seven games and have won five of six overall . The Mets have won six of seven and are a major league - best 16 - 8 since June 1 . They have won five of six overall . The Mets have won five of six . The Mets have won six of seven and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . New York has won five of six overall and five of six overall . The Mets have won five of six overall and five of six . Duaner Sanchez ( 1 - 0 ) earned the win despite allowing Mike Rabelo 's solo homer in the top of the ninth . Scott Schoeneweis pitched a perfect eighth , and Scott Schoeneweis and Billy Wagner each pitched a scoreless inning . Duaner Sanchez ( 1 - 0 ) earned the win despite allowing Mike Rabelo 's homer in the top of the ninth . Scott Olsen pitched five innings for the Marlins , allowing four runs and six hits . He struck out three and walked two .
CLEVELAND -- White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen was n't happy with his team 's latest win . Carlos Quentin hit a go - ahead two - run double in the seventh inning , and the White Sox beat the Cleveland Indians 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Gavin Floyd ( 5 - 3 ) allowed five runs and eight hits in six - plus innings . He struck out seven without a walk . Bobby Jenks pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 15 chances . Jhonny Peralta hit a two - run homer for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Gavin Floyd ( 5 - 3 ) allowed five runs , four earned , and eight hits in six - plus innings . He struck out seven without a walk . Bobby Jenks pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 15 chances . Jhonny Peralta hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Gavin Floyd ( 5 - 3 ) allowed five runs , four earned , and eight hits in six - plus innings . He struck out seven without a walk . Bobby Jenks pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 16 chances . Cleveland starter Jake Westbrook gave up three runs and five hits in five innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Indians scored twice in the first . Jamey Carroll led off with a single , moved to third on Floyd 's wild pitch and scored on Victor Martinez 's single . Peralta followed with a two - run homer to make it 5 - 3 . Westbrook gave up three runs and five hits in five innings .
BALTIMORE -- Down by eight runs in the bottom of the 11th inning , the Baltimore Orioles finally found a way to beat the New York Yankees . Kevin Millar hit two of Baltimore 's four home runs , including a game - winning single in the 11th inning , and the Orioles beat the Yankees 10 - 9 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Melvin Mora and Ramon Hernandez also homered for the Orioles , who trailed 8 - 4 before rallying in the bottom of the fifth . Mora hit a two - run shot in the fifth , and Mora hit a solo shot in the fifth to make it 8 - 8 . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Millar , who had three hits , including a two - run homer in the second inning . Baltimore 's Bobby Abreu hit a three - run homer in the second inning and a two - run drive in the fourth . It was the first multihomer game of his career , and he also hit a two - run drive in the second inning . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Millar , who had three hits , including a three - run homer in the second inning . Baltimore 's Brian Burres gave up eight runs and 10 hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in his previous four starts , but the right - hander did n't make it out of the fourth inning in his previous outing . Baltimore 's Brian Burres gave up eight runs and 10 hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in his previous three starts , but the right - hander did n't get much help from his defense . Baltimore went up 9 - 8 in the 11th when Bobby Abreu hit a two - run drive and Hideki Matsui singled in a run . The Yankees took a 9 - 8 lead in the top of the 11th with a run - scoring single by Alex Cintron and pinch - hitter Alex Cintron 's two - out , run - scoring double off Edwar Ramirez . Baltimore 's Brian Burres gave up eight runs and 10 hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in his previous four starts . Baltimore 's Brian Burres gave up eight runs and 10 hits in 3 2/3 innings . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his previous three starts , but the right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in his last four starts .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- The Florida Marlins have been waiting for Mike Pelfrey to find a way to beat the New York Mets . Luis Gonzalez hit a three - run double in a five - run third inning , and the Marlins beat the Mets 7 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight win . The Mets have lost four of five . Ricky Nolasco ( 4 - 3 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in five innings for the Marlins , who won for just the second time in eight games . Jose Reyes homered twice for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Ricky Nolasco ( 4 - 3 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in five innings for the Marlins , who have won four of five . Mike Pelfrey ( 2 - 6 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- and six hits in four - plus innings for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Pelfrey ( 2 - 6 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- and six hits in four - plus innings . He is 0 - 4 with a 9.00 ERA in his last four starts . Reyes hit his second homer of the game , a solo shot in the first inning and a solo shot in the bottom of the first . He also hit a solo shot in the bottom of the first for his first multihomer game of the season . It was his second multihomer game of the season and first since July 8 , 2011 , against the Mets . The Mets have lost five of six and dropped to 2 - 8 in their last 11 games at Citi Field . They have won six of seven overall and 10 of 12 overall .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- Matt Garza did n't need much help . Garza pitched into the eighth inning and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 2 - 0 on Wednesday night . Garza ( 3 - 1 ) allowed four hits , walked four and struck out four in 7 1/3 innings . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in four career starts against the Orioles . Troy Percival worked a perfect ninth for his 14th save in 16 chances . Jeremy Guthrie ( 2 - 5 ) gave up one run and four hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Orioles . He struck out five and walked three . The Orioles have lost four of five . Guthrie ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four hits , three walks and struck out five in 6 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Orioles have lost four of five . Guthrie ( 2 - 5 ) gave up one run and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on a two - out RBI single by Carl Crawford . Pena 's sacrifice fly in the eighth made it 2 - 0 . Troy Percival pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 16 chances . The Orioles have lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost six of seven .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Doug Davis did n't have his best stuff of the season . Chris Young hit a two - run homer , Conor Jackson and Conor Jackson also went deep , and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the Atlanta Braves 11 - 1 on Tuesday night . Davis ( 2 - 1 ) gave up five hits and one run in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . Conor Jackson and Conor Jackson also homered for the Diamondbacks , who have won four of five . Davis ( 2 - 1 ) gave up five hits and one run in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . Conor Jackson and Conor Jackson also homered for the Diamondbacks , who have won four of five . Reyes ( 2 - 2 ) gave up eight runs , six hits and three walks in five innings . The right - hander is winless in his last four starts . The Braves have lost five of six . Reyes ( 2 - 2 ) gave up eight runs , six hits and three walks in five innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . Reyes allowed eight runs -- seven earned -- and three hits in five innings . He struck out four , walked three and hit a batter . Reyes ( 2 - 2 ) gave up eight runs , six hits and three walks in five innings . The right - hander is winless in his last four starts . The Braves have lost five of six . Reyes allowed eight runs , six hits and three walks in five innings . He has given up three home runs in his last three starts .
PITTSBURGH -- Mike Cameron and the rest of the Milwaukee Brewers ' offense did n't help . Cameron hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning , Corey Hart added a solo shot and the Brewers beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cameron had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh inning , and Corey Hart also went deep for the Brewers , who have won three of four . Paul Maholm ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings , walking two and striking out five . The Pirates have lost five of six . Paul Maholm ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings , walking two and striking out five . Maholm ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out five . Maholm ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out five . Maholm ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out five . Maholm ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out five . Maholm ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out five . Maholm ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out five .
TORONTO -- John Lackey and the Los Angeles Angels finally found a way to beat the Toronto Blue Jays . Lackey allowed one run and seven hits in seven innings , Vladimir Guerrero hit a go - ahead sacrifice fly in the seventh inning and the Angels beat the Blue Jays 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Lackey ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and seven hits in seven innings to win for the first time in four starts . He walked three and struck out six . Lackey ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and seven hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out six . Lackey ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and seven hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out six . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth for his 18th save in 21 chances . Brad Wilkerson hit his first career leadoff homer for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Dustin McGowan ( 2 - 4 ) allowed three runs , two earned , and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out four . Blue Jays left - hander Dustin McGowan ( 2 - 4 ) allowed three runs , two earned , and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out four . McGowan ( 2 - 4 ) allowed three runs , two earned , and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out four . McGowan ( 2 - 4 ) allowed three runs , two earned , and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out four . McGowan allowed three runs , two earned , and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out four .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- Edinson Volquez has been one of the best pitchers in the majors . The right - hander pitched six innings of four - hit ball , Joey Votto hit a two - run homer and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Cleveland Indians 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Volquez ( 7 - 1 ) allowed two runs and four hits with four walks and five strikeouts in six innings . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth for his ninth save in as many chances . He walked Casey Blake to load the bases with one out , but Cordero got Victor Martinez to ground into a game - ending double play . Michael Aubrey hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Lee ( 6 - 1 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Indians have lost five of six . Lee ( 6 - 1 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . Lee , who had won his last three starts , gave up a season - high six runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked one . Michael Aubrey hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Lee ( 6 - 1 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Indians have lost six of their last seven games .
PHOENIX ( AP ) -- Randy Johnson did n't have his best stuff of the season . Johnson pitched seven innings of six - hit ball , Chris Young drove in three runs and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the Detroit Tigers 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Johnson ( 4 - 1 ) allowed six hits , struck out five and walked one . The right - hander improved to 4 - 0 in five career starts against the Tigers , who have lost six of seven . Nate Robertson ( 1 - 5 ) gave up four runs , seven hits and four walks in 5 2/3 innings for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Robertson ( 1 - 5 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . Robertson ( 1 - 5 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . The Tigers had runners on first and second with one out in the sixth , but Johnson struck out Ryan Raburn and Ryan Raburn to end the threat . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Johnson struck out Ryan Raburn and Ryan Raburn to end the threat . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Johnson struck out Ryan Raburn and Ryan Raburn to end the threat . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Johnson struck out Ryan Raburn and Ryan Raburn to end the threat . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Johnson struck out Ryan Raburn to end the threat .
ATLANTA -- The Atlanta Braves have been waiting for pinch - hitter Omar Infante to come through in clutch situations . Infante 's pinch - hit two - run triple in the eighth inning lifted the Braves to a 5 - 2 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . The Braves have won three straight and five of six . They have won three straight and five of six . Jo-Jo Reyes ( 2 - 1 ) gave up eight hits and two runs in five - plus innings . He struck out six and walked two . Justin Duchscherer ( 3 - 3 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Jo-Jo Reyes ( 2 - 1 ) gave up eight hits and two runs in five - plus innings . Justin Duchscherer ( 3 - 3 ) gave up three runs , seven hits and two walks in five innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 5.40 ERA in his last four starts . The A 's have lost five of their last six games . The A 's have lost six of seven and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game road trip . Duchscherer allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out two . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Crosby led off with a double and scored on Jack Hannahan 's double . The A 's tied it in the bottom half on Escobar 's two - out , two - run single . The A 's tied it in the bottom of the first on Escobar 's two - out , two - run single .
ATLANTA -- Ryan Sweeney 's first homer of the season gave the Oakland Athletics a 4 - 0 lead in the second inning . Sweeney hit a three - run homer , Rich Harden pitched seven strong innings and the Oakland Athletics beat the Atlanta Braves 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Harden ( 2 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Harden ( 2 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Tim Hudson ( 6 - 3 ) gave up five runs and five hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out three . Hudson ( 6 - 3 ) gave up five runs and five hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out three . Hudson ( 6 - 3 ) gave up five runs and five hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out three . The Braves scored three runs in the ninth to take a 5 - 2 lead . Yunel Escobar drove in a run with a fielder 's choice and Yunel Escobar drove in a run with a fielder 's choice . Yunel Escobar drove in a run with a fielder 's choice , and Yunel Escobar drove in a run with a fielder 's choice . Yunel Escobar drove in Atlanta 's first run with a fielder 's choice in the bottom of the ninth . The Braves scored three runs in the ninth off Huston Street , who blew a save for the first time this season . Kelly Johnson drove in a run with a fielder 's choice and Yunel Escobar drove in a run with a fielder 's choice . Yunel Escobar drove in a run with a fielder 's choice , and Yunel Escobar drove in another run with a fielder 's choice grounder .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox did n't need much offense . Mike Lowell hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs to lead the Red Sox to a 7 - 6 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Mike Lowell hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs for the Red Sox , who won for just the second time in nine games . Craig Hansen ( 1 - 2 ) got the win . Mike Timlin pitched a perfect ninth for his first career save . Rickie Weeks had a two - run double for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Craig Hansen ( 1 - 2 ) got the win . Mike Timlin pitched the ninth for his first career save . Rickie Weeks had a two - run single for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Craig Counsell had a two - run single for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Rickie Weeks had a two - run single in the sixth for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Rickie Weeks had a two - run single in the sixth for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Rickie Weeks had a two - run single in the sixth for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Milwaukee starter Dave Bush gave up five runs -- four earned -- and five hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out two . Milwaukee starter Dave Bush allowed five runs -- four earned -- and five hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out two .
PHOENIX ( AP ) -- Brandon Webb has been a big part of the Arizona Diamondbacks ' rotation . Webb pitched into the eighth inning and Chris Snyder hit a three - run homer , leading the Diamondbacks to an 8 - 5 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Webb ( 9 - 0 ) allowed three runs and six hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Brandon Medders got the final out in the eighth , and Brandon Lyon pitched a scoreless ninth for his 12th save in 14 chances . Webb ( 9 - 0 ) allowed three runs and six hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Brandon Medders got the final out in the eighth , and Brandon Lyon pitched a scoreless ninth for his 12th save in 14 tries . Aaron Cook ( 6 - 2 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked four . The Rockies scored three runs in the eighth to take a 5 - 3 lead . Chris Young led off with a double and scored on Justin Upton 's two - out single . Snyder followed with a two - run triple to make it 8 - 3 . Brandon Lyon pitched a scoreless ninth for his 12th save in 14 tries . The Rockies scored three runs in the eighth to take a 5 - 3 lead . Chris Young led off with a double and scored on Justin Upton 's two - out single . Upton followed with a two - run triple to make it 8 - 3 . Brandon Lyon pitched the ninth for his 12th save in 14 tries .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) -- Cole Hamels did n't have his best stuff . Hamels pitched a four - hitter for his first career shutout , Pedro Feliz hit a two - run homer and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Atlanta Braves 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Hamels ( 5 - 3 ) struck out six and walked two in his first career complete game . He struck out six and walked two in his first career complete game . Hamels ( 5 - 3 ) struck out six and walked two in his first career complete game . He struck out six and lowered his ERA to 2.89 . Ryan Howard and Ryan Howard also homered for the Phillies . Hamels ( 5 - 3 ) allowed four hits , struck out six and walked two in his first career complete game . He struck out six and walked two . Chuck James ( 2 - 3 ) gave up five runs -- five earned -- and six hits in four - plus innings . He walked five and struck out none . The Phillies jumped on Chuck James ( 2 - 3 ) for five runs in the third . Pat Burrell led off with a double and scored on Feliz 's two - out single to make it 3 - 0 . Victorino hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 5 - 0 . The Phillies jumped ahead 1 - 0 in the second . Pat Burrell led off with a double and scored on a single by Feliz . Feliz hit an RBI single in the third to make it 3 - 0 . The Phillies jumped ahead 3 - 0 in the third . Pat Burrell led off with a double and scored on a single by Feliz to make it 3 - 0 .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- The Kansas City Royals have been waiting for Jose Guillen to find a way to beat the Detroit Tigers . Jose Guillen hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , Gil Meche pitched seven strong innings and the Kansas City Royals beat the Tigers 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Meche ( 3 - 5 ) allowed three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . Meche ( 3 - 5 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . Meche ( 3 - 5 ) allowed three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . Matt Joyce homered and drove in two runs for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Gil Meche ( 3 - 5 ) allowed three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . Matt Joyce homered and Magglio Ordonez had two hits and drove in a run for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Rogers ( 3 - 5 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Royals scored three runs in the first inning . Magglio Ordonez had an RBI single and Joyce hit a sacrifice fly for a run . Joyce hit a sacrifice fly in the second , and Joyce hit a sacrifice fly in the second . Joyce hit a sacrifice fly in the second , and Joyce hit a sacrifice fly in the second to make it 3 - 1 .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- The Chicago Cubs have been waiting for Jake Peavy to find a way to beat the San Diego Padres . Geovany Soto homered and drove in three runs , Ted Lilly struck out a career - high 11 in six innings and the Cubs beat the Padres 8 - 5 on Tuesday night . Peavy ( 4 - 3 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in four innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Peavy ( 4 - 3 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in four innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Peavy ( 4 - 3 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in four innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Peavy ( 4 - 3 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in four innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Peavy ( 4 - 3 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in four innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Peavy ( 4 - 3 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in four innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The Padres scored three runs in the fifth to take a 4 - 0 lead . Reed Johnson hit an RBI single and Soto followed with a two - run single to make it 3 - 0 . Peavy ( 4 - 3 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in four innings . He struck out eight , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . The Padres took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on Soto 's two - out , two - run single and a two - run single by Tadahito Iguchi . The Cubs cut the lead to 4 - 3 in the fifth on Khalil Greene 's sacrifice fly and Khalil Greene 's sacrifice fly .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Toronto Blue Jays have been waiting for Matt Stairs to find a way to beat the Minnesota Twins . Stairs hit a grand slam and Roy Halladay pitched effectively into the seventh inning , leading the Blue Jays to a 6 - 5 victory over the Twins on Tuesday night . Halladay ( 4 - 5 ) gave up four runs and nine hits with eight strikeouts in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight without a walk . Scott Downs pitched a perfect ninth for his fifth save in six chances . Boof Bonser ( 2 - 5 ) gave up five runs and five hits in six innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Bonser ( 2 - 5 ) gave up five runs and five hits in six innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Bonser ( 2 - 5 ) gave up five runs , five hits and three walks in six innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Bonser ( 2 - 5 ) gave up five runs , five hits and three walks in six innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Bonser ( 2 - 5 ) gave up five runs , five hits and three walks in six innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Bonser ( 2 - 5 ) gave up five runs , five hits and three walks in six innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Bonser , who has struggled in his last two starts , gave up five runs and five hits in six innings . The Twins have lost five of their last six games .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- The New York Yankees are feeling good about themselves . Mike Mussina pitched into the seventh inning , Robinson Cano had four hits and drove in a run and the Yankees beat the Tampa Bay Rays 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Mussina ( 6 - 3 ) gave up one run and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth for his 11th save in 11 opportunities . James Shields ( 4 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 7 1/3 innings for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Shields ( 4 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . Shields ( 4 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 7 1 - 3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . Shields ( 4 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 7 1 - 3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . Shields ( 4 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 7 1 - 3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . Shields ( 4 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 7 1 - 3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 0 on Bobby Abreu 's RBI double in the fifth . The Rays had runners on first and second with one out in the fourth , but Mussina got out of it by striking out Akinori Iwamura and Akinori Iwamura .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago Cubs ' 12 - 3 victory over the San Diego Padres on Monday night was postponed by rain . Carlos Zambrano pitched seven strong innings , Alfonso Soriano hit a go - ahead two - run homer and the Cubs routed the Padres 12 - 3 . Zambrano ( 6 - 1 ) allowed three runs and six hits in seven innings , striking out five and walking two . He also had two hits and scored twice . Zambrano ( 6 - 1 ) allowed three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . Randy Wolf ( 2 - 3 ) lasted only four innings , giving up seven runs and eight hits . He walked five and struck out two . Wolf ( 2 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . He walked five and struck out two . The Cubs scored five runs in the fifth to take a 12 - 2 lead . Ryan Theriot led off with a double and scored on Aramis Ramirez 's single . Reed Johnson followed with a run - scoring single and Geovany Soto added a two - run single . The Cubs added five runs in the sixth off Sean Henn and Sean Henn , who gave up five runs and three hits in 1 2/3 innings . Jody Gerut and Jody Gerut homered for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Wolf ( 2 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . He walked five and struck out two . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Aramis Ramirez 's RBI double .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- The Pittsburgh Pirates have n't had much success against the Atlanta Braves this season . Adam LaRoche hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning , Zach Duke pitched six shutout innings and the Pirates beat the Braves 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Freddy Sanchez hit a three - run double in the fifth inning and Adam LaRoche added a two - run homer in the eighth for the Pirates , who have won four of five . Duke ( 2 - 2 ) allowed five hits , walked five and struck out three in his third start of the season . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in four starts against the Braves this season . Duke ( 2 - 2 ) gave up five hits , walked five and struck out three . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in four starts against the Braves this season . Damaso Marte worked the seventh and Damaso Marte finished the five - hitter . Jair Jurrjens ( 3 - 3 ) gave up three runs and three hits in five innings for the Braves . He struck out five and walked three . The Braves have lost four of five . The Braves have lost five of six . The Braves have lost five of six . The Braves have lost five of six . The Braves have lost five of six . The Braves have lost five of six . The Braves have lost five of six . The Braves have lost five of six . The Braves have scored only three runs in their last four games . The Braves have scored only three runs in their last four games .
ARLINGTON , Texas ( AP ) -- Daric Barton made the most of his opportunity . Barton hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs , and the Oakland Athletics beat the Texas Rangers 12 - 6 on Tuesday night . Brown hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the ninth off Eddie Guardado that made it 12 - 6 . Santiago Casilla ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win , and Huston Street worked the ninth for the A 's . Santiago Casilla ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Huston Street pitched a perfect ninth for the A 's , who have won four of five . Santiago Casilla ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Huston Street pitched the ninth for his ninth save in nine chances . Texas starter Sidney Ponson allowed six runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out one . The Rangers took a 5 - 4 lead in the fourth on Josh Hamilton 's RBI triple and a two - run single by Jarrod Saltalamacchia . The Rangers tied it at 4 in the bottom of the inning on Josh Hamilton 's RBI single and a two - run single by Jarrod Saltalamacchia . The Rangers tied it at 4 in the bottom of the inning on a two - run single by Jarrod Saltalamacchia . The Rangers tied it at 4 in the bottom of the inning on a two - run single by Jarrod Saltalamacchia . The Rangers tied it at 4 in the bottom of the inning on a two - run single by Jarrod Saltalamacchia .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Baltimore Orioles manager Buck Showalter was n't happy with his team 's 7 - 4 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . Aubrey Huff hit a three - run homer and Melvin Mora added a three - run shot for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Steve Trachsel ( 2 - 4 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 5 1 - 3 innings for the Orioles , who have won four of five . George Sherrill pitched the ninth for his 12th save in 14 opportunities . Alex Gordon hit a two - run homer for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Steve Trachsel ( 2 - 4 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Orioles . George Sherrill pitched the ninth for his 12th save in 14 opportunities . Alex Gordon hit a two - run homer in the first for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Steve Trachsel ( 2 - 4 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 5 1 - 3 innings for the Orioles , who have won four of five . George Sherrill pitched the ninth for his 12th save in 14 opportunities . Meche ( 2 - 5 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Royals scored in the seventh on John Buck 's RBI single , and John Buck 's RBI single off Jamie Walker in the seventh to make it 7 - 4 . Johnson gave up a run - scoring single to John Buck in the eighth , but got out of the jam .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- James Shields and the Tampa Bay Rays did n't need much offense . Shields pitched a one - hitter , Evan Longoria hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning and the Rays beat the Los Angeles Angels 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Shields ( 4 - 2 ) struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Shields ( 4 - 2 ) struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out eight and did not walk a batter . Shields ( 4 - 2 ) struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out eight and did not walk a batter . Shields ( 4 - 2 ) struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out eight and did not walk a batter . Shields ( 4 - 2 ) struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Angels ' Jon Garland , who had won his previous three starts , allowed four hits , three walks and struck out two in eight innings . The right - hander was coming off a three - hit shutout of Tampa Bay in his previous start , when he pitched a no - hitter for the New York Yankees in a 3 - 0 win . Garland , who had been 0 - 3 with a no - decision in his previous four starts , retired the first 10 batters before Brandon Wood 's one - out single in the fifth . Shields , who struck out eight , did n't allow a baserunner until Brandon Wood 's one - out single in the fourth . The right - hander struck out eight and walked none in his first career complete game . The right - hander struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the third time this season . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven .
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- Vicente Padilla did n't allow a hit until Ichiro Suzuki 's two - out single in the seventh inning , and the Texas Rangers beat the Seattle Mariners 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Padilla ( 5 - 2 ) allowed two hits and struck out eight in seven innings , and C. J. Wilson worked the ninth for his eighth save in nine chances . Erik Bedard ( 2 - 2 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings for the Mariners . He struck out five and walked one . Bedard ( 2 - 2 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Bedard ( 2 - 2 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Bedard ( 2 - 2 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . It was the first time the Rangers have been shut out this season . Bedard ( 2 - 2 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . It was the first time in Bedard 's career that he has allowed two earned runs or less . The Mariners were shut out for the third time this season . The Mariners were shut out for the third time this season . Bedard ( 2 - 2 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . It was the first time in Bedard 's career that he has allowed two earned runs or less .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Angels have been waiting for Garret Anderson to find a way to beat the Kansas City Royals . Anderson hit a three - run homer and drove in five runs , Anderson had a career - high five RBIs and the Angels beat the Royals 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Anderson hit a three - run homer off Brian Bannister ( 3 - 4 ) in the fourth inning and added a run - scoring single in the seventh . Darren Oliver ( 2 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth for his 14th save in as many chances . Brian Bannister ( 3 - 4 ) gave up five runs and a season - high 13 hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Darren Oliver ( 2 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth for his 14th save in as many chances . Bannister ( 3 - 4 ) gave up five runs and a season - high 13 hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . Darren Oliver ( 2 - 1 ) picked up the win with 1 2/3 hitless innings of relief . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth for his 14th save in as many chances . The Royals ' Nick Adenhart , making his first start of the season , gave up three runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out three . The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Alex Gordon 's RBI double and a run - scoring double by Alex Gordon . The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Alex Gordon 's RBI double and Alex Gordon 's run - producing double .
TORONTO -- The Chicago White Sox lost their second straight game . Dustin McGowan pitched four - hit ball into the eighth inning , Matt Stairs homered and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Chicago White Sox 1 - 0 on Wednesday night . McGowan ( 2 - 2 ) allowed four hits in 7 1/3 innings , walked none and struck out six . He walked none and struck out six . Toronto 's Javier Vazquez ( 3 - 3 ) allowed one run and eight hits in 7 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out nine . Vazquez ( 3 - 3 ) allowed one run and eight hits in 7 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out nine . Vazquez ( 3 - 3 ) allowed eight hits in 7 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out nine . Vazquez ( 3 - 3 ) allowed one run and eight hits in 7 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out nine . Vazquez ( 3 - 3 ) allowed one run and eight hits in 7 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out nine . Vazquez ( 3 - 3 ) allowed one run and eight hits in 7 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out a season - high nine . The White Sox lost for just the second time in 10 games . Toronto has lost four of five . The White Sox lost for just the second time in 10 games . Toronto has lost four of five . The White Sox lost for just the second time in 10 games . Chicago has lost four of five . The White Sox lost for just the second time in 10 games . Chicago has lost four of five .
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- Richie Sexson and the rest of the Seattle Mariners have been waiting for him to get back to the top of the American League . Sexson homered and drove in three runs , Jarrod Balentien added a three - run homer and the Mariners beat the Texas Rangers 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Sexson homered in the third inning off Kevin Millwood ( 2 - 3 ) , who gave up nine hits and seven runs in three innings . Millwood ( 2 - 3 ) gave up nine hits and seven runs in three innings , his shortest outing of the season . Millwood ( 2 - 3 ) gave up nine hits and seven runs in three innings , his shortest outing of the season . He gave up nine hits and seven runs in three - plus innings in his previous start against the Los Angeles Angels . Millwood ( 2 - 3 ) gave up nine hits and seven runs in three innings , his shortest outing of the season . He allowed nine hits and seven runs -- seven earned -- with two walks and two strikeouts . Millwood ( 2 - 3 ) gave up nine hits and seven runs in three innings , his shortest outing of the season . He gave up nine hits and seven runs in three - plus innings in his previous start against the Los Angeles Angels . The Rangers have lost five of six . Millwood ( 2 - 3 ) gave up nine hits and seven runs in three innings . He has lost three straight starts for the first time in his career . Millwood ( 2 - 3 ) gave up nine hits and seven runs in three innings , his shortest outing of the season .
DENVER -- Aaron Cook was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Cook pitched into the eighth inning , Matt Holliday had two hits and drove in two runs and the Colorado Rockies beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cook ( 5 - 1 ) allowed two runs and nine hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter . Cook ( 5 - 1 ) allowed two runs and nine hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter . Taylor Buchholz got the final four outs for his first save of the season . Cook ( 5 - 1 ) allowed two runs and nine hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter . Taylor Buchholz got the final four outs for his first save of the season . Cook ( 5 - 1 ) allowed two runs and nine hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter . Taylor Buchholz got the final four outs for his first save of the season . Cook ( 5 - 1 ) allowed two runs and nine hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter . Taylor Buchholz got the final four outs for his first save of the season . Cook ( 5 - 1 ) allowed two runs and nine hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter . Taylor Buchholz got the final four outs for his first save of the season . The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a double by Podsednik and a sacrifice fly by Chris Iannetta .
PHOENIX ( AP ) -- Micah Owings is still searching for his first win with the New York Mets . Ryan Church homered and drove in three runs , John Maine pitched six effective innings and the Mets beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Maine ( 3 - 2 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . Maine ( 3 - 2 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . Maine ( 3 - 2 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . Maine ( 3 - 2 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Mets scored three runs in the first inning off Micah Owings ( 4 - 1 ) , who allowed seven runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . Arizona 's Micah Owings ( 4 - 1 ) lasted only 5 2/3 innings , giving up seven runs and 10 hits . He walked three and struck out two . Arizona 's Micah Owings ( 4 - 1 ) lasted only 5 2/3 innings , giving up seven runs and 10 hits . He walked three and struck out two . The Diamondbacks jumped on Owings for three runs in the first . Reyes led off with a double and scored on Church 's sacrifice fly . Reyes led off with a single , stole second and scored on Church 's sacrifice fly . Carlos Beltran walked , stole second and scored on Carlos Delgado 's single to make it 4 - 0 . The Diamondbacks made it 4 - 0 in the second when Reyes singled , stole second and scored on Church 's sacrifice fly .
MIAMI ( AP ) -- Juan Pierre had a big night at the plate , too . Pierre hit a two - run double in the fifth inning , and the Los Angeles Dodgers rallied for a 5 - 3 victory over the Florida Marlins on Tuesday night . Pierre was hit by a pitch with the bases loaded and two outs in the fifth inning , and Pierre was hit by a pitch to load the bases for Pierre , who drove in two runs with a two - run double to right - center . Joe Beimel ( 3 - 0 ) retired the only batter he faced to earn the win . Takashi Saito pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save in five chances . Florida starter Hiroki Kuroda gave up three runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Joe Beimel ( 3 - 0 ) retired the only batter he faced to earn the win . Takashi Saito pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save in five chances . Florida starter Hiroki Kuroda gave up three runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Kuroda gave up three runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Kuroda gave up three runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Kuroda gave up three runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Kuroda gave up three runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Kuroda gave up three runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Kuroda gave up three runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked none .
NEW YORK -- Scott Feldman and the Texas Rangers did n't need much help from Alex Rodriguez . Feldman pitched effectively into the sixth inning and Alex Rodriguez homered to lead the Rangers to a 2 - 1 victory over the New York Yankees on Tuesday night . Feldman ( 2 - 3 ) gave up one run and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked three . Feldman ( 2 - 3 ) gave up one run and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked three . Feldman ( 2 - 3 ) gave up one run and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked three . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.41 ERA in four starts against the Yankees this season . C. J. Wilson worked a perfect ninth for his 18th save in 21 chances . Mike Mussina ( 10 - 6 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The Yankees have lost four of five . Mussina ( 10 - 6 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two . New York has lost four of five . The Yankees have lost six of seven . New York has lost four of five . The Yankees have lost six of seven . New York has lost four of five . The Yankees have lost six of seven . Mussina was pulled after six innings , allowing two runs and five hits . He struck out eight and walked two . Mussina was pulled after throwing 103 pitches in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two .
LOS ANGELES -- John Lackey and the Los Angeles Angels have been waiting for him to get a win . Lackey pitched eight innings of three - hit ball , Mike Napoli hit an RBI single and the Angels beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 1 - 0 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Lackey ( 6 - 1 ) struck out nine and walked two , throwing 79 of his 120 pitches for strikes . He struck out nine , walked two and threw 120 pitches . Francisco Rodriguez got the final out for his major league - leading 32nd save . Derek Lowe ( 5 - 8 ) gave up one run and five hits in seven innings , struck out seven and walked two . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . Lowe ( 5 - 8 ) gave up one run and five hits in seven innings , struck out seven and walked two . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 4.88 ERA in four starts against the Angels this season . Lowe ( 5 - 8 ) gave up one run and five hits in seven innings , struck out seven and walked two . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 4.88 ERA in four starts against the Angels this season . Lowe ( 5 - 8 ) gave up one run and five hits in seven innings , struck out seven and walked two . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 4.88 ERA in four starts against the Angels this season . Lowe ( 5 - 8 ) gave up one run and five hits in seven innings , struck out seven and walked two . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 4.88 ERA in four starts against the Angels this season . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Mike Napoli . The Dodgers loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but Lackey got James Loney to ground into a double play and struck out Matt Kemp to end the inning .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- Jason Bay 's first game - ending home run this season came in the 13th inning . Bay homered with two outs in the 13th inning to lift the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 4 - 3 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Wednesday night . Bay hit a 2 - 2 pitch from Jason Hammel ( 3 - 3 ) over the wall in right - center to give the Pirates a 4 - 3 lead in the 13th . It was the first game - ending homer of his career . John Van Slyke ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a perfect inning to earn the win . Jason Hammel ( 3 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up a home run to Jason Bay in the 13th . John Van Slyke ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a perfect inning to earn the win . Jason Hammel ( 3 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up a home run to Jason Bay in the 13th . John Van Slyke ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a perfect inning to earn the win . Pittsburgh starter Ty Taubenheim gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out four . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Eric Hinske doubled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Evan Longoria . The Rays tied it in the second when Adam LaRoche doubled in a run and scored on a groundout by LaRoche . The Rays tied it in the bottom of the inning when Adam LaRoche doubled in a run and scored on Taubenheim 's double to left - center . The Rays tied it in the bottom of the inning when Adam LaRoche doubled in Ryan Doumit .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- Evan Longoria and the Tampa Bay Rays are starting to look like a team . Longoria hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs , leading the Rays to a 10 - 5 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Longoria had four hits , including a three - run homer in the first inning off Jimmy Barthmaier ( 0 - 1 ) , and Carl Crawford had three hits , including a solo homer in the sixth . Scott Kazmir ( 7 - 3 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and five hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . Kazmir ( 7 - 3 ) gave up four runs , three earned , and five hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . Jack Wilson had two hits and drove in three runs for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Jack Wilson had two hits and drove in three runs for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Jack Wilson had two hits and three RBIs for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Jack Wilson had two hits and three RBIs for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Jack Wilson had two hits and three RBIs for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Jack Wilson had two hits and three RBIs for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Jack Wilson had two hits and three RBIs for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Barthmaier allowed seven runs and seven hits in 2 1 - 3 innings .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox have been waiting for Tim Wakefield to get a win . Wakefield pitched seven shutout innings , Kevin Cash hit a three - run homer in the eighth inning and the Red Sox beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Wakefield ( 5 - 5 ) struck out six and walked one , throwing 61 of 94 pitches for strikes in his seven innings . Wakefield ( 5 - 5 ) struck out six and walked one , throwing 61 of 94 pitches for strikes in his seven innings . He struck out six , walked one and threw 61 of his 94 pitches for strikes . Wakefield ( 5 - 5 ) struck out six and walked one , throwing 61 of 94 pitches for strikes in his seven innings . He struck out six , walked one and threw 61 of his 94 pitches for strikes . Wakefield ( 5 - 5 ) struck out six and walked one , throwing 61 of 94 pitches for strikes in his seven innings . He struck out six , walked one and threw 61 of his 94 pitches for strikes . Wakefield ( 5 - 5 ) struck out six and walked one , throwing 61 of his 94 pitches for strikes . He struck out six , walked one and threw 61 of his 94 pitches for strikes . Wakefield ( 5 - 5 ) struck out six and walked one , throwing 61 of his 94 pitches for strikes . He struck out six , walked one and threw 61 of his 94 pitches for strikes . Wakefield ( 5 - 5 ) struck out six and walked one , throwing 61 of his 94 pitches for strikes . He struck out six , walked one and threw 61 of his 94 pitches for strikes . Wakefield ( 5 - 5 ) struck out six , walked one and threw 61 of his 94 pitches for strikes . He struck out six , walked one and threw 61 of his 94 pitches for strikes . Wakefield ( 5 - 5 ) struck out six and walked one , throwing 61 of 94 pitches for strikes in his seventh career start . He struck out six and walked one . Manny Delcarmen , Manny Delcarmen and Jonathan Papelbon combined for 3 1/3 innings of one - hit ball for the Red Sox , who have won four of five . Johnson ( 4 - 6 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Lowell singled , stole second and scored on Moss ' groundout . The Red Sox made it 2 - 0 in the sixth when Lowell doubled and scored on Moss ' sacrifice fly .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- David Wright and the New York Mets are starting to look like a team . Wright hit two home runs and drove in three runs , John Maine pitched six effective innings and the Mets beat the Seattle Mariners 8 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight win . Wright hit a two - run shot in the second inning and a three - run shot in the third , and Wright hit a two - run shot in the third to make it 8 - 0 . Wright hit a two - run shot in the second and a three - run shot in the third , and Wright hit a two - run shot in the third to make it 8 - 0 . Wright hit a two - run shot in the second and a three - run shot in the third to make it 8 - 0 . Wright hit a two - run shot in the second and a three - run shot in the third to make it 8 - 0 . Wright hit a two - run shot in the second and a three - run shot in the third to make it 8 - 0 . Wright hit a two - run shot in the second and a three - run shot in the third to make it 8 - 0 . It was Wright 's second multihomer game of the season and first since July 21 , 2009 , against the Chicago Cubs . He also hit a two - run shot in the second inning of a 6 - 3 win over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday . The Mets have won six of seven and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . Maine ( 8 - 5 ) allowed two runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He walked two and struck out three . Maine ( 8 - 5 ) allowed two runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He walked two and struck out three . Maine ( 8 - 5 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He walked two and struck out three . Maine ( 8 - 5 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He walked two and struck out three . Maine ( 8 - 5 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He walked two and struck out three . Maine ( 8 - 5 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He walked two and struck out three . Maine ( 8 - 5 ) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out three .
LOS ANGELES -- Eric Stults and the Los Angeles Dodgers did n't need much help from the Chicago White Sox . Stults pitched a four - hitter for his first career complete game , leading the Dodgers to a 5 - 0 victory over the White Sox on Tuesday night . Stults ( 2 - 0 ) struck out three and walked one in his first career complete game . He threw 81 of his 116 pitches for strikes . He threw 81 of his 116 pitches for strikes . Stults ( 2 - 0 ) allowed four hits , walked one and struck out three . He threw 81 of his 116 pitches for strikes . He threw 81 of his 116 pitches for strikes . Stults ( 2 - 0 ) struck out three and walked one . He threw 81 of his 116 pitches for strikes . He threw 81 of his 116 pitches for strikes . Gavin Floyd ( 8 - 4 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . The White Sox have lost four of five . Floyd ( 8 - 4 ) was charged with five runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . The White Sox have lost four of five . Floyd ( 8 - 4 ) was charged with five runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . The White Sox have lost four of five . Floyd ( 8 - 4 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two .
CHICAGO -- Baltimore Orioles manager Buck Showalter was n't happy with the way he was pitching . The Orioles ' offense was n't going to be easy . Luke Scott hit a two - run triple in the fourth inning and the Orioles held on for a 7 - 5 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Brian Roberts had three hits and drove in a run for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Jeremy Guthrie ( 4 - 7 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings for the Orioles , who have won four of five . George Sherrill got the final four outs for his 26th save in 30 chances . The Orioles have lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven .
HOUSTON ( AP ) -- Lance Berkman had a big night for the Houston Astros . Berkman hit a two - run homer off Joaquin Benoit in the eighth inning , and the Astros beat the Texas Rangers 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Berkman hit a two - run homer off Joaquin Benoit in the eighth inning to give the Astros a 4 - 1 lead . It was Berkman 's fourth homer of the season , a two - run shot off Joaquin Benoit that made it 4 - 1 in the eighth . The Astros have won six of their last seven games and have the best record in the American League . Eric Hurley ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Eric Hurley ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Eric Hurley ( 0 - 1 ) allowed two runs and six hits with three walks in six innings for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Hurley was recalled from Triple-A Round Rock earlier in the day to make his first start of the season . Hurley gave up six hits and two runs with three walks in six innings for the Rangers . Berkman hit a two - run homer off Joaquin Benoit in the eighth inning to make it 4 - 1 . Houston starter Eric Hurley ( 0 - 1 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out one . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Michael Young 's RBI single . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a one - out RBI single by Michael Young .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- Brandon Backe has been a big part of the Houston Astros ' rotation . Backe threw 6 2/3 solid innings , Carlos Lee hit a two - run homer and the Astros beat the Tampa Bay Rays 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Backe ( 5 - 8 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . Evan Longoria hit a two - run homer and Evan Longoria also went deep for the Rays , who have lost three of four . Kazmir ( 6 - 3 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Evan Longoria hit a two - run homer in the second for the Rays , who have lost three of four . Kazmir ( 6 - 3 ) allowed three runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Evan Longoria hit a two - run homer in the second for the Rays , who have lost three of four . Kazmir gave up three runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Longoria hit a two - run homer in the second for the Rays , who have lost five of six . Kazmir allowed three runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Longoria hit a two - run homer in the second for the Rays , who have lost five of six . Kazmir allowed three runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- The Chicago Cubs have been waiting for a lot to celebrate this season . Aramis Ramirez hit a three - run homer , Jason Marquis pitched seven strong innings and the Cubs beat the Chicago White Sox 11 - 7 on Tuesday night . Ramirez hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning and a three - run shot in the fourth to give the Cubs a 9 - 4 lead . It was the second time this season the Cubs have hit back - to - back home runs this season . The Cubs have won six of their last eight games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Marquis ( 6 - 3 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in seven innings . He had two hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth that gave the White Sox a 4 - 1 lead . Contreras ( 6 - 6 ) gave up a career - high nine runs and 10 hits in 3 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He was tagged for nine runs and 10 hits in just 3 1/3 innings . Contreras ( 6 - 6 ) gave up nine runs and 10 hits in 3 1/3 innings . He has given up 15 runs in his last three starts . Contreras ( 6 - 6 ) lasted only 3 1/3 innings , giving up nine runs and 10 hits . He was tagged for nine runs and 10 hits , including three homers , in just 3 1/3 innings . Contreras ( 6 - 6 ) lasted only 3 1/3 innings , giving up nine runs and 10 hits . He was tagged for nine runs and 10 hits , including three homers , in 3 1/3 innings . The White Sox have lost four of five . Contreras ( 6 - 6 ) gave up nine runs and 10 hits in 3 1/3 innings . He has given up 14 runs in his last three starts .
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) -- Chase Headley 's first home run of the season came on a 1 - 1 pitch from Fernando Rodney with one out in the seventh inning , and the San Diego Padres rallied for a 6 - 2 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Headley hit his first homer of the season , a solo shot off Heath Bell ( 5 - 3 ) in the top of the eighth to tie the game at 2 . It was his first home run since July 28 , a span of 192 at - bats . Headley hit his first homer of the season in the fourth inning to tie the score at 1 . It was Headley 's first homer since July 28 , a span of 74 at - bats . Headley hit his first homer of the season in the seventh , a solo shot off Heath Bell ( 5 - 3 ) . Heath Bell ( 5 - 3 ) got the win despite allowing Curtis Granderson 's homer in the top of the eighth . Cla Meredith , Cla Meredith and Heath Bell ( 5 - 3 ) each pitched one inning for the win . Cla Meredith , Cla Meredith and Heath Bell ( 5 - 3 ) each pitched one inning for the win . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Placido Polanco 's leadoff home run . Granderson led off the game with his first home run of the season . The Tigers tied it at 1 in the fourth when Edgar Gonzalez singled , stole second , advanced on a sacrifice and scored on Adrian Gonzalez 's single to center . Gonzalez 's RBI single off Joel Zumaya made it 6 - 2 in the eighth .
MILWAUKEE -- Russell Branyan 's first career grand slam capped a four - run burst in the third inning that lifted the Milwaukee Brewers over the Toronto Blue Jays 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Bush ( 3 - 7 ) allowed one run and two hits in eight innings . He walked one and struck out two . Salomon Torres got the final out for his 10th save in 11 chances . Lyle Overbay hit a two - run homer off Tim Dillard in the ninth to cut the lead to 8 - 7 , but Salomon Torres got the final out for his 10th save in 11 chances . Lyle Overbay hit a two - run homer off Tim Dillard in the ninth to cut the lead to 8 - 7 , but Salomon Torres got the final out for his 10th save in 11 chances . Lyle Overbay hit a two - run homer off Tim Dillard in the ninth to cut the lead to 8 - 7 , but Salomon Torres got the final out for his 10th save in 11 chances . Lyle Overbay hit a two - run homer off Tim Dillard in the ninth to cut the lead to 8 - 7 , but Salomon Torres got the final out for his 10th save in 11 chances . Lyle Overbay hit a two - run homer off Tim Dillard in the ninth to cut the lead to 8 - 7 , but Salomon Torres got the final out for his 10th save in 11 chances . The Blue Jays scored four runs in the first inning to take an 8 - 0 lead . Jason Kendall had an RBI double and scored on Corey Hart 's double to give the Brewers a 2 - 0 lead . Milwaukee added three more in the third . Jason Kendall had an RBI double and scored on Jason Kendall 's double to give Milwaukee a 3 - 0 lead . The Brewers added two more runs in the fifth on an RBI double by Jason Kendall and an RBI double by Jason Kendall .
PHOENIX -- Justin Upton has been a big part of the Arizona Diamondbacks . Upton hit a tiebreaking home run in the eighth inning , lifting the Diamondbacks to a 2 - 1 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . Justin Upton led off the eighth with a home run off Keith Foulke ( 0 - 2 ) . Ramon Pena ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning and Brandon Lyon worked a perfect ninth for his 15th save in 19 chances . The A 's have lost four of five . Ramon Pena ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect eighth , and Brandon Lyon worked a perfect ninth for his 15th save in 19 chances . The A 's have lost four of five . Ramon Pena ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect eighth , and Brandon Lyon worked a perfect ninth for his 15th save in 19 chances . Oakland 's Doug Davis allowed one run and three hits in six - plus innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Brandon Lyon pitched a perfect ninth for his 15th save in 19 chances . Oakland 's Doug Davis allowed one run and three hits in six - plus innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Brandon Lyon pitched a perfect ninth for his 15th save in 19 chances . The A 's have lost four of five . Oakland 's Carlos Gonzalez was 0 - for - 3 with a walk , ending his career - best hitting streak at 20 games -- the longest active streak in the majors . The A 's have lost four of five . Oakland 's Carlos Gonzalez was 0 - for - 3 with a walk .
DENVER -- Jeff Francis did n't walk a batter for the first time in more than a month . Francis pitched six solid innings , Jeff Baker homered and the Colorado Rockies beat the Cleveland Indians 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Francis ( 3 - 6 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and five hits in six innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter . Brian Fuentes pitched the ninth for his 12th save in 14 chances . Aaron Laffey ( 4 - 4 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in six innings for the Indians , who have lost four of five . The Indians have lost five of six . Aaron Laffey ( 4 - 4 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in six innings for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Laffey ( 4 - 4 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out one . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Baker led off with a single , stole second and scored on Quintanilla 's double . Baker led off the fourth with a double and scored on Ryan Spilborghs ' double to give the Rockies a 3 - 1 lead . Baker led off the fourth with his fifth homer of the season to make it 2 - 0 . Baker added a run - scoring single in the sixth to make it 3 - 1 . Baker added a run - scoring single in the sixth to make it 3 - 1 . Laffey allowed eight hits and three runs in six innings . He walked three and struck out one .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- Evan Longoria and the Tampa Bay Rays are on a roll . Longoria hit a tiebreaking homer in the sixth inning , and the Rays beat the Chicago Cubs 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Grant Balfour ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Troy Percival worked the ninth for his 16th save in 16 opportunities . Evan Longoria and Cliff Floyd homered for the Rays , who have won four of five . Grant Balfour ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Troy Percival worked the ninth for his 16th save in 16 opportunities . Evan Longoria hit a solo homer and Cliff Floyd also went deep for the Rays , who have won four of five . Grant Balfour ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Troy Percival worked the ninth for his 16th save in 18 opportunities . Evan Longoria put the Rays ahead 1 - 0 with a solo homer in the second . The Rays tied it at 1 on Ryan Theriot 's two - out RBI single in the fifth . The Cubs tied it at 1 on Ryan Theriot 's two - out RBI single in the fifth . The Cubs tied it at 1 on Ryan Theriot 's two - out RBI single in the fifth . The Cubs tied it at 1 on Ryan Theriot 's two - out RBI single in the fifth . The Cubs tied it at 1 on Ryan Theriot 's two - out RBI single in the fifth . The Cubs tied it at 1 on Ryan Theriot 's RBI single in the fifth .
ARLINGTON , Texas ( AP ) -- Tim Hudson has been pitching well for the Texas Rangers this season . Milton Bradley had a two - run single , Milton Bradley had a two - run single and the Rangers beat the Atlanta Braves 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Hudson ( 7 - 5 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . Hudson ( 7 - 5 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings . He has lost four of his last five starts . Hudson ( 7 - 5 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He struck out three and walked two . Hudson ( 7 - 5 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He struck out three and walked two . Brian McCann hit a three - run homer in the eighth for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Hudson ( 7 - 5 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He struck out three , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . Marlon Byrd homered in the first , and Michael Young had a sacrifice fly in the third to make it 5 - 0 . Omar Infante hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Hudson allowed six runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two .
DENVER -- Jair Jurrjens gave the Atlanta Braves exactly what they needed . Jurrjens pitched into the eighth inning and Brandon Jones drove in two runs , leading the Braves to a 7 - 1 win over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Jurrjens ( 6 - 3 ) allowed eight hits , struck out seven and walked two in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out seven , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 1 - 7 ) allowed three runs , two earned , and four hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked five . Jimenez ( 1 - 7 ) allowed three runs , two earned , and four hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked five . The Rockies have lost five of six . Jimenez ( 1 - 7 ) gave up three runs , two earned , and four hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked five . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games . Jimenez ( 1 - 7 ) gave up three runs , two earned , and four hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked five . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games . Jimenez ( 1 - 7 ) gave up three runs , two earned , and four hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked five . The Rockies have lost five of their last six games and have scored only seven runs in their last five games . The Rockies have lost five of their last six games and have scored only seven runs in their last five games .
MILWAUKEE -- Mike Cameron and the rest of the Milwaukee Brewers ' starting lineup had a big hit . Cameron hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the sixth inning and the Brewers beat the Minnesota Twins 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cameron hit a two - run homer off Scott Baker ( 2 - 2 ) to give Milwaukee a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth , and Cameron added a two - run homer in the sixth to help the Brewers snap a three - game losing streak . The Brewers have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Scott Baker ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings for the Twins . He struck out nine and walked two . Jason Kubel hit a solo homer and Alexi Casilla had a sacrifice fly in the sixth for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Baker ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked two . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Russell Branyan . Milwaukee tied it in the fifth on Alexi Casilla 's sacrifice fly , but the Twins tied it in the bottom half on Alexi Casilla 's sacrifice fly . Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth . Brendan Harris led off with a double and scored on Alexi Casilla 's sacrifice fly . Kubel tied it at 1 with a solo homer in the fifth . Alexi Casilla 's sacrifice fly made it 2 - 1 .
BALTIMORE -- Pittsburgh Pirates manager John Russell did n't want to use his team in the ninth inning of a game that took 4 hours , 45 minutes . It was the longest game of the season for the Pittsburgh Pirates , who have won the first two games of the three - game series . Jason Bay hit a go - ahead single in the 10th inning and the Pirates rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . Jason Bay had two hits and scored three runs for the Pirates , who trailed 4 - 0 before rallying in the ninth . Jason Bay led off with a double and scored on a single by Jose Bautista . Jose Bautista followed with an RBI single to give the Pirates a 5 - 4 lead . Matt Capps ( 1 - 2 ) gave up two runs in two innings for his first major league win . Capps ( 1 - 2 ) gave up two runs in two innings to earn his first major league win . Capps ( 1 - 2 ) gave up two runs in two innings to earn his first major league win . Pittsburgh starter Daniel Cabrera allowed four runs , six hits and five walks in six innings . The right - hander is winless in his last five starts . Baltimore starter Paul Maholm gave up two runs and four hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out four . Baltimore starter Daniel Cabrera gave up four runs and six hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out two . Baltimore starter Paul Maholm allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out four .
ST. LOUIS -- Kyle Lohse has been pitching well for the St. Louis Cardinals . Lohse pitched eight strong innings and Adam Kennedy hit a two - run homer , leading the Cardinals to a 3 - 2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Wednesday night . Lohse ( 8 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits in eight innings . He struck out three and walked two . Adam Eaton ( 2 - 4 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Adam Eaton ( 2 - 4 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out two and walked one . Eaton gave up three runs and nine hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out two and walked one . Eaton gave up three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked one . Eaton gave up three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked one . Eaton gave up three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked one . Eaton gave up three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked one . Eaton gave up three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked one . Eaton gave up three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked one . Eaton gave up three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked one .
PHOENIX -- The Kansas City Royals have n't had much success against Randy Johnson this season . Mike Aviles had four hits , including a three - run homer , and Mike Aviles also went deep , leading the Royals to a 12 - 3 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night . Aviles had four hits , including a three - run homer , and Mike Aviles had four hits , including a home run , and drove in two runs . Aviles had four hits , including a three - run homer off Billy Buckner in the fifth , and David DeJesus also homered for the Royals , who have won three of four . Hochevar ( 4 - 5 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and 10 hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Jose Guillen had two hits and drove in two runs for the Royals , who have won three of four . Hochevar ( 4 - 5 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and 10 hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Jose Guillen had two hits and drove in two runs for the Royals , who have won three of four . Jose Guillen had two hits and drove in two runs for the Royals , who have won three of four . Jose Guillen had two hits and drove in two runs for the Royals , who have won three straight and six of seven . The Royals ' 17 hits were a season high , and their 17 hits were one shy of their season high . Luke Hochevar ( 4 - 5 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and 10 hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Jose Guillen had a run - scoring single in the first and a run - scoring groundout in the third . The Royals tied it in the bottom of the inning on Miguel Montero 's RBI double . Arizona tied it in the bottom half on Miguel Montero 's RBI double . Arizona tied it in the bottom of the inning on Miguel Montero 's RBI double . Arizona tied it in the bottom of the inning on Miguel Montero 's RBI double .
ST. LOUIS -- Ryan Howard and the rest of the Philadelphia Phillies are going to have a lot of fun . Howard homered twice and drove in five runs , Kyle Kendrick pitched seven strong innings and the Phillies routed the St. Louis Cardinals 20 - 2 on Tuesday night . Howard hit a three - run homer in the sixth inning off Todd Wellemeyer ( 7 - 2 ) , who gave up eight runs and eight hits in 3 1 - 3 innings . Skip Schumaker and Skip Schumaker also homered for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Howard had three hits , including a three - run homer in the sixth and a three - run shot in the sixth that made it 17 - 1 . Skip Schumaker had three hits , including a solo homer , and Skip Schumaker had three hits for St. Louis . Skip Schumaker had three hits , including a solo homer , and Skip Schumaker had three hits for St. Louis . Skip Schumaker had three hits , including a solo homer , and Skip Schumaker had three hits for St. Louis . Skip Schumaker had three hits , including a solo homer , and Skip Schumaker had three hits for St. Louis . Skip Schumaker had three hits for the Cardinals , including a solo homer in the third . Skip Schumaker had three hits for St. Louis , including a solo homer in the third . Skip Schumaker had three hits for St. Louis , including a solo homer in the third . Skip Schumaker had three hits for St. Louis , including a solo homer in the third . Skip Schumaker had three hits for St. Louis , including a solo homer in the third .
TORONTO -- The Chicago Cubs have been waiting all season for A. J. Burnett in the first half of the season . Burnett allowed two runs and four hits in five innings , Matt Stairs hit a two - run homer and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Chicago Cubs 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Burnett ( 6 - 6 ) allowed two runs and four hits in five - plus innings . He walked four and struck out seven . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his past five starts and has not allowed more than three earned runs in any of his past 10 starts . Burnett ( 6 - 6 ) allowed two runs and four hits in five - plus innings . He walked four and struck out seven . Scott Downs worked the sixth , Brian Wolfe worked the eighth and B. J. Ryan finished for his 14th save in 15 chances . Sean Gallagher ( 3 - 2 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings for the Cubs . He walked two and struck out five . Gallagher ( 3 - 2 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out five . Gallagher ( 3 - 3 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out five . Gallagher ( 3 - 3 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out five . Gallagher ( 3 - 3 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out five . Gallagher ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings .
CINCINNATI -- Aaron Harang has been a tough - luck loser . Harang pitched seven solid innings , Adam Dunn and Adam Dunn hit solo homers and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Boston Red Sox 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Harang ( 3 - 9 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings , striking out seven without a walk . The right - hander is 3 - 1 in his last five starts . Harang ( 3 - 9 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter . Harang ( 3 - 9 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth for his 13th save in 14 chances . The Red Sox have lost four of five . Masterson ( 3 - 1 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out nine and walked three . Masterson ( 3 - 1 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out nine and walked three . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Dunn 's leadoff homer . The Red Sox tied it in the fourth on Jacoby Ellsbury 's two - out single and a two - out single by Jacoby Ellsbury . The Red Sox tied it in the fourth when Jacoby Ellsbury led off with a double and scored on Manny Ramirez 's two - out single . The Red Sox took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on a two - out RBI double by Votto .
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) -- Padres manager Bud Black was n't happy with his team 's offense . Randy Wolf pitched seven strong innings , Edgar Gonzalez homered and the San Diego Padres beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Wolf ( 5 - 4 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings , struck out nine and walked one . Trevor Hoffman pitched the ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . Chad Billingsley ( 4 - 7 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked one . Billingsley ( 4 - 7 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in seven innings , struck out three and walked one . The Dodgers have lost four of five . Billingsley ( 4 - 7 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked one . Billingsley ( 4 - 7 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Dodgers have lost four of five . Billingsley ( 4 - 7 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Dodgers have lost four of five . Billingsley ( 4 - 7 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Dodgers have lost four of five . The Dodgers have lost four of five . Billingsley allowed four runs and eight hits in seven innings , struck out three and walked one . The Dodgers have lost four of five .
PITTSBURGH -- Ian Snell has been one of the best pitchers in the majors . Snell pitched six strong innings , Ryan Doumit homered and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Washington Nationals 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Snell ( 3 - 6 ) allowed six hits and one run in six - plus innings , striking out six and walking three . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Matt Capps pitched the ninth for his major league - leading 16th save in as many chances . John Lannan ( 4 - 7 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . The Nationals have lost five of six . Washington has lost five of its last six games . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost four of five . Lannan ( 4 - 7 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Nationals have lost five of their last six games . The Nationals have lost five of their last six games .
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have been waiting for Greg Maddux to find a way to beat the San Diego Padres . Russell Martin had three hits and three RBIs , Russell Martin had three hits and three RBIs , and the Dodgers beat the Padres 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Russell Martin had three hits and three RBIs , Russell Martin had three hits and three RBIs and Russell Martin had three hits and three RBIs for the Dodgers , who won for the sixth time in seven games . Scott Proctor ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning for the win . Jonathan Broxton struck out the side in the eighth , and Jonathan Broxton struck out the side in the eighth . Scott Proctor ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning for the win . Jonathan Broxton struck out the side in the eighth , and Jonathan Broxton struck out the side in the eighth . Scott Proctor ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning for the win . Jonathan Broxton struck out the side in the eighth and Jonathan Broxton struck out the side in the eighth . Scott Proctor ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning for the win . Jonathan Broxton struck out the side in the eighth , and Jonathan Broxton struck out the side in the eighth . Broxton struck out the side in the eighth . Scott Proctor ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning for his first major league win . The Dodgers took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth . Edgar Gonzalez hit a leadoff double and scored on Adrian Gonzalez 's one - out single to center . The Dodgers took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth when Edgar Gonzalez hit a leadoff double and scored on Adrian Gonzalez 's single .
DETROIT ( AP ) -- Edgar Renteria 's first career grand slam put the Detroit Tigers ahead to stay . Renteria hit a grand slam off Rafael Betancourt in the eighth inning , and the Tigers beat the Cleveland Indians 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Renteria hit a grand slam off Rafael Betancourt in the eighth to give Detroit an 8 - 3 lead . It was the second grand slam of the season for Renteria , who had three hits and drove in four runs . Zach Miner ( 3 - 3 ) earned the win with 1 2/3 innings of relief . Todd Jones got the final out for his ninth save in 10 chances . Masa Kobayashi ( 3 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up three runs and two hits in one - third of an inning . Zach Miner ( 3 - 3 ) got the win with 1 2/3 innings of relief , and Todd Jones got the final out for his ninth save . Cleveland starter Kenny Rogers gave up three runs -- one earned -- and five hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked two . Todd Jones got the final out for his ninth save . Cleveland starter Kenny Rogers gave up three runs -- one earned -- and five hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked two . Cleveland starter Kenny Rogers gave up three runs -- one earned -- and five hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Indians took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Ryan Garko 's sacrifice fly and Kelly Shoppach 's run - scoring double . Rogers allowed three runs -- one earned -- and five hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked two .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Garrett Olson has been the Baltimore Orioles ' most consistent starter this season . Olson pitched into the seventh inning and Adam Jones homered to lead the Orioles to a 3 - 2 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Olson ( 5 - 1 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings , striking out one and walking one . George Sherrill pitched the ninth for his 20th save in 21 chances . The Twins have lost six of seven and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Garrett Olson ( 5 - 1 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings for the Orioles . George Sherrill pitched the ninth for his 20th save in 21 chances . The Twins have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 10 - 26 on the road . The Twins have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Olson ( 5 - 1 ) gave up eight hits and two runs with one walk and one strikeout in 6 1/3 innings . George Sherrill pitched the ninth for his 20th save in 21 chances . The Twins have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . The Twins have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . The Twins have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . The Twins have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . The Twins have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) -- Cole Hamels pitched a three - hitter for his second career shutout and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Cincinnati Reds 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Hamels ( 6 - 4 ) allowed three hits , walked three and struck out four in his second shutout of the season . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 3.36 ERA in five starts against the Reds this season . Homer Bailey ( 0 - 1 ) allowed five runs -- two earned -- and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out one . Bailey ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs -- two earned -- and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out one . The Phillies have lost five of six . Bailey ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs -- two earned -- and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out one . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Carlos Ruiz led off with a double and scored on Shane Victorino 's two - out single to center . Jenkins connected off Bailey in the sixth to make it 4 - 0 . Jenkins went deep in the sixth to make it 4 - 0 . Jenkins connected off Bailey in the sixth to make it 4 - 0 . Jenkins connected off Bailey in the sixth to make it 4 - 0 . Jenkins went deep in the sixth to make it 4 - 0 . Jenkins connected off Bailey in the sixth to make it 4 - 0 . Jenkins connected off Bailey in the sixth to make it 4 - 0 .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- The Pittsburgh Pirates have been waiting for Roy Oswalt to find a way to beat the Houston Astros . Raul Chavez drove in three runs , Zach Duke pitched effectively into the eighth inning and the Pirates beat the Astros 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Duke ( 3 - 4 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings , striking out two and walking two . Duke ( 3 - 4 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Matt Capps pitched the ninth for his 12th save in 13 opportunities . Ty Wigginton homered for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Houston starter Roy Oswalt ( 4 - 6 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . Houston starter Roy Oswalt ( 4 - 6 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . Houston starter Roy Oswalt ( 4 - 6 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . Houston starter Roy Oswalt ( 4 - 6 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . Houston starter Roy Oswalt ( 4 - 6 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one .
ARLINGTON , Texas ( AP ) -- Milton Bradley had a big night for the Texas Rangers . Bradley hit two home runs and drove in two runs , David Murphy had four hits , and the Rangers beat the Cleveland Indians 12 - 7 on Tuesday night . David Murphy went 4 - for - 4 with a homer and two RBIs , and David Murphy had four hits , including two homers , and David Murphy had four hits , including two homers , and David Murphy went 4 - for - 4 with two doubles for the Rangers . David Murphy went 4 - for - 4 with a homer and two RBIs , and David Murphy went 4 - for - 4 with two homers and two RBIs for the Rangers . David Murphy went 4 - for - 4 with a homer and two RBIs for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Tom Mastny ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 1 1/3 innings for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Cleveland starter Tom Mastny ( 0 - 1 ) lasted only 1 1/3 innings , giving up five runs and six hits . He walked three and struck out two . The Indians , who have lost five of six , scored five runs in the first inning , including a two - run homer by Jarrod Saltalamacchia and a run - scoring single by Michael Young . Mastny gave up five runs and six hits in 1 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . Mastny gave up a run in the eighth , then gave up a one - out homer to Shin-Soo Choo in the ninth . Frank Francisco ( 1 - 1 ) allowed an unearned run in 1 2/3 innings for his first major league win . Shin-Soo Choo had a pinch - hit , two - run double in the seventh for the Indians , who have lost four of five . The Indians have lost five of their last six games . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 .
MILWAUKEE -- Prince Fielder has been a big part of the Milwaukee Brewers ' late - season surge . Fielder hit a go - ahead homer in the eighth inning to give the Brewers a 4 - 3 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night . Fielder had three hits , including a solo homer in the eighth , and Guillermo Mota ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Salomon Torres pitched the ninth for his sixth save in seven chances . Milwaukee 's Doug Davis gave up three runs -- one earned -- and six hits in six - plus innings . Guillermo Mota ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Salomon Torres pitched the ninth for his sixth save in seven chances . Milwaukee starter Doug Davis gave up three runs -- one earned -- and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out three and walked two . Arizona starter Doug Davis allowed three runs -- one earned -- and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out three and walked two . Arizona starter Doug Davis allowed three runs -- one earned -- and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out three and walked two . Milwaukee starter Doug Davis allowed three runs -- one earned -- and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out three and walked two . Arizona starter Doug Davis allowed three runs -- one earned -- and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out three and walked two . Arizona starter Jeff Suppan allowed three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out six .
ANAHEIM , Calif. ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Angels had a chance to win a game for the first time in more than a month . Howie Kendrick hit a game - ending RBI single in the ninth inning , and the Angels rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night . Sean Rodriguez hit a two - run homer in the third inning for the Angels , who won for just the second time in eight games . Jose Arredondo ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 2 1/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . Sean Rodriguez hit a two - run homer in the third inning for the Angels , who took two of three from the Blue Jays . Jose Arredondo ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 2 1/3 innings of scoreless relief for the Angels , who have won four of five . Jose Arredondo ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 2 1/3 innings of scoreless relief for the Angels , allowing two hits and striking out two . Rod Barajas hit a solo homer in the third inning for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Burnett allowed two runs and three hits in eight innings , struck out eight and walked three . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in his last four starts . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on Marco Scutaro 's sacrifice fly and Marco Scutaro 's sacrifice fly . Garland gave up three runs and five hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out three . Garland allowed three runs and five hits in five innings , walking four and striking out three .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Johan Santana did n't need much run support for the New York Mets . Carlos Beltran hit a two - run homer , David Wright had three hits and drove in two runs and the Mets beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . David Wright had three hits and drove in two runs , and David Wright had three hits and drove in two runs for the Mets , who have won four of five . Santana ( 7 - 3 ) gave up one run and six hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Santana ( 7 - 3 ) allowed one run and six hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Ryan Church had three hits , including a two - run homer , and David Wright had three hits and two RBIs for the Mets . David Wright had three hits and drove in two runs for the Mets , who have won four of five . Kuroda ( 2 - 5 ) lasted just 2 2/3 innings , giving up six runs and seven hits . He walked two and struck out none . Kuroda ( 2 - 5 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 2 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He gave up two homers in a game for the first time in his career . Kuroda ( 2 - 5 ) lasted just 2 2/3 innings , giving up six runs and seven hits . He walked two and struck out none . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Justin Morneau and the Minnesota Twins are going to have to find a way to beat the Chicago White Sox . Kubel hit a three - run homer , Jason Kubel added a three - run shot and the Twins beat the White Sox 10 - 6 on Tuesday night . The White Sox have lost four of five and have the worst record in the American League . Jesse Crain ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Jim Thome hit a two - run homer and A. J. Pierzynski had a two - run single for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Jesse Crain ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Jim Thome hit a two - run homer off Matt Guerrier in the eighth for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Jesse Crain ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Minnesota starter John Danks gave up four runs and eight hits in six - plus innings . He walked two and struck out four . Chicago starter John Danks gave up four runs and eight hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . Chicago 's John Danks gave up four runs and eight hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . Chicago 's John Danks gave up four runs and eight hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Jim Thome , his 21st of the season .
MIAMI -- The Florida Marlins ' offense finally got to Jorge De La Rosa in the second inning . Hanley Ramirez hit a two - run homer , Jeremy Hermida had three hits and drove in two runs and the Florida Marlins beat the Colorado Rockies 12 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Marlins scored seven runs in the second inning , highlighted by John Baker 's two - run single and a two - run double by Dan Uggla . The Marlins scored seven runs in the second inning , including a two - run single by Dan Uggla and a two - run double by Dan Uggla to make it 7 - 0 . Anibal Sanchez ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Jorge De La Rosa ( 5 - 6 ) gave up seven runs , five hits and four walks in 1 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . De La Rosa ( 5 - 6 ) gave up seven runs and five hits in just 1 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . Jorge De La Rosa ( 5 - 6 ) lasted just 1 2/3 innings , giving up seven runs and five hits . He walked four and struck out three . Jorge De La Rosa ( 5 - 6 ) lasted just 1 2/3 innings , giving up seven runs and five hits . He walked four and struck out three . De La Rosa ( 5 - 6 ) gave up seven runs and five hits in just 1 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . De La Rosa ( 5 - 6 ) gave up seven runs and five hits in 1 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three .
TORONTO -- Matt Garza pitched a five - hitter for his second career shutout and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Toronto Blue Jays 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Garza ( 9 - 6 ) allowed five hits , walked one and struck out five in his second shutout of the season . The right - hander is 6 - 2 in his past 10 starts . Garza ( 9 - 6 ) allowed five hits , walked one and struck out five . The right - hander , who walked one and struck out five , walked one and struck out five . Halladay ( 12 - 8 ) allowed three runs and six hits in eight innings . He walked three and struck out eight . Halladay ( 12 - 8 ) allowed three runs and six hits in eight innings . He walked three and struck out eight . Halladay ( 12 - 8 ) allowed three runs and six hits in eight innings . He walked three and struck out eight . Halladay ( 12 - 8 ) allowed three runs and six hits in eight innings . He walked three and struck out eight . The Blue Jays were shut out for the third time this season . Halladay ( 12 - 8 ) allowed three runs and six hits in eight innings . He walked three and struck out eight . It was the first complete game of the season for the Blue Jays , who were shut out for the second time this season . Halladay ( 12 - 8 ) allowed three runs and six hits in eight innings . He walked three and struck out eight . The Blue Jays have lost five of their past six games . Halladay ( 12 - 8 ) allowed three runs and six hits in eight innings . He walked three and struck out eight . The Blue Jays were shut out for the third time this season . Blue Jays right - hander Roy Halladay ( 12 - 8 ) allowed three runs and six hits in eight innings . He walked three and struck out eight .
CLEVELAND -- Paul Byrd did n't need much help from his teammates . Byrd pitched 7 2/3 scoreless innings , Asdrubal Cabrera hit a two - run homer and the Cleveland Indians beat the Detroit Tigers 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Byrd ( 5 - 10 ) struck out four and walked three in 7 2/3 innings . The right - hander , who was 0 - 3 in his previous five starts , struck out four and walked three . Edward Mujica , Edward Mujica , Edward Mujica and Edward Mujica combined for four scoreless innings . Byrd ( 5 - 10 ) allowed four hits , struck out four and walked three . Edward Mujica , Edward Mujica , Edward Mujica , Edward Mujica , Edward Mujica and Edward Mujica combined for four scoreless innings . Byrd ( 5 - 10 ) allowed four hits , struck out four and walked three . Edward Mujica , Edward Mujica , Edward Mujica , Edward Mujica , Edward Mujica and Edward Mujica combined for four scoreless innings . Byrd ( 5 - 10 ) allowed four hits , struck out four and walked three . Edward Mujica , Edward Mujica , Edward Mujica , Edward Mujica , Edward Mujica and Edward Mujica combined for 4 1/3 innings of one - hit relief . Rogers allowed five runs and nine hits in 5 2/3 innings . He is 0 - 3 in four starts since being acquired from the New York Yankees on July 31 . Rogers , who had won his previous three starts , gave up five runs and nine hits in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . Rogers , who had won his previous three starts , gave up five runs and nine hits in 5 2/3 innings .
LOS ANGELES -- The San Francisco Giants have n't had much success against the Los Angeles Dodgers this season . Kevin Correia pitched effectively into the sixth inning , Fred Lewis hit a two - run single and the Giants held on to beat the Dodgers 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Correia ( 2 - 5 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Brian Wilson pitched a perfect ninth for his 28th save in 30 chances . Hiroki Kuroda ( 5 - 8 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 3 2/3 innings , struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . The Giants scored three runs in the fifth to take a 7 - 0 lead . Omar Vizquel led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch before scoring on a groundout by Fred Lewis . Jose Castillo followed with a two - run single , and Jose Castillo added a two - run single . Kevin Correia ( 2 - 5 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Brian Wilson pitched a perfect ninth for his 28th save in 30 chances . The Giants ' bullpen has allowed two runs or fewer in eight of 11 games . The Giants have won five of their last six games . The Giants scored three runs in the fifth to cut the deficit to 7 - 5 . Angel Berroa doubled in a run and scored on a throwing error by catcher Bengie Molina . Angel Berroa followed with a run - scoring single to make it 7 - 5 , and pinch - hitter Andruw Jones had a pinch - hit RBI single to cut San Francisco 's lead to 7 - 6 . But the Giants ' bullpen held the Dodgers to one hit over the final four innings . Brian Wilson pitched a perfect ninth for his 28th save in 30 chances . The Dodgers scored three runs in the fifth to cut the deficit to 7 - 5 . Angel Berroa doubled in a run and scored on a throwing error by catcher Bengie Molina . Angel Berroa followed with a run - scoring single , and pinch - hitter Andruw Jones had an RBI single .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- The Colorado Rockies have been waiting for Clint Barmes to get back in the lineup . Atkins had two hits , including a two - run double in the eighth inning , and the Rockies beat the Cincinnati Reds 11 - 0 on Tuesday night . Atkins had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Chris Iannetta also went deep for the Rockies , who have won five of their last six games . Jimenez ( 7 - 9 ) gave up five hits , struck out two and walked one . The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in his previous three starts . The Rockies have won four of their last five games . The Rockies have lost five of their last six games . The Rockies have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games .
ST. LOUIS -- J. J. Hardy and the Milwaukee Brewers are on quite a roll . Hardy hit a go - ahead single with two outs in the 10th inning , and the Brewers beat the St. Louis Cardinals 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Rickie Weeks and Bill Hall also homered for the Brewers , who won for just the second time in 10 games . Salomon Torres ( 5 - 2 ) got the win despite giving up a run in the ninth . Salomon Torres ( 5 - 2 ) got the win despite giving up a run in the ninth . Salomon Torres ( 5 - 2 ) got the win despite giving up a run in the ninth . Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer off Ryan Franklin ( 3 - 3 ) , who gave up four hits and three runs in 1 1/3 innings . Salomon Torres ( 5 - 2 ) got the win despite giving up a run in the ninth . Cardinals starter Joel Pineiro gave up three runs and 10 hits in six innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his last five starts . Troy Glaus had a two - run double in the first for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Troy Glaus had a two - run double in the first for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . St. Louis starter Joel Pineiro gave up three runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked one . The Cardinals scored in the first on a two - out double by Glaus and a walk to Skip Schumaker . Glaus made it 2 - 0 in the first with a two - run double .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Taylor Teagarden and the Texas Rangers are going to have to wait a long day . Teagarden hit a solo homer in the sixth inning , Vicente Padilla pitched seven strong innings and the Rangers beat the Minnesota Twins 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Padilla ( 11 - 5 ) gave up three hits , walked two and did n't allow a runner to reach second base until the seventh inning . The right - hander , who has won his last three starts , improved to 5 - 0 in his last seven starts . The Rangers have won six of their last seven games . The Twins have lost four of five . Scott Baker ( 6 - 3 ) gave up one run and two hits in eight innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Baker ( 6 - 3 ) gave up only two hits and one run in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Twins have lost four of five . Baker ( 6 - 3 ) gave up one run and two hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Baker ( 6 - 3 ) gave up one run and two hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Baker ( 6 - 3 ) gave up one run and two hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Baker ( 6 - 3 ) gave up one run and two hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Baker ( 6 - 3 ) allowed one run and two hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked one .
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) -- Atlanta Braves manager Bobby Cox was happy with his team 's offensive outburst . Brian McCann homered and drove in three runs , Brent Lillibridge had three hits and drove in two runs and the Braves beat the San Diego Padres 12 - 3 on Tuesday night . McCann had three hits , including a two - run double in the first inning , and Brent Lillibridge had three hits and two RBIs for the Braves , who have won four of five . McCann , who had three hits , drove in two runs with a double and scored three times . Brent Lillibridge had three hits and drove in two runs for the Braves , who have won four of five . Randy Wolf ( 6 - 9 ) allowed six runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He walked three and struck out one . Kevin Kouzmanoff hit a solo homer and drove in two runs for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Kevin Kouzmanoff hit a solo homer and drove in two runs for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Kevin Kouzmanoff hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Wolf ( 6 - 9 ) allowed six runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He walked three and struck out one . San Diego 's Kevin Kouzmanoff hit a solo homer off Mike Gonzalez in the ninth . The Braves scored three runs in the first off Wolf , who allowed six runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He walked three and struck out one . San Diego 's Kevin Kouzmanoff hit a solo homer off Mike Gonzalez in the ninth .
PITTSBURGH -- Jason Bay 's first game - ending homer of the season gave the Pittsburgh Pirates a thrilling victory over the St. Louis Cardinals . Jason Bay homered twice and drove in five runs , and the Pirates held on for a 12 - 11 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Wednesday night . Jason Bay hit a tying , three - run homer in the ninth off Jason Isringhausen , and the Pirates rallied from a five - run deficit to take a 10 - 4 lead in the bottom of the ninth . The Cardinals rallied from a 9 - 3 deficit to take a 9 - 3 lead in the ninth , but the Cardinals rallied from a 9 - 3 deficit to take a 9 - 3 lead . Yadier Molina went 4 - for - 4 with a walk and an RBI for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Ryan Ludwick had a two - run homer among his four hits and drove in four runs for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Albert Pujols had three hits and drove in a run for St. Louis , which has lost four of five . Denny Bautista ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . Yadier Molina went 4 - for - 4 with a walk and an RBI for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Yadier Molina went 4 - for - 4 with a walk and an RBI for St. Louis , which has lost four of five . Yadier Molina went 4 - for - 4 with a walk and an RBI for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Yadier Molina went 4 - for - 4 with a walk and an RBI for St. Louis , which has lost four of five . The Cardinals scored three runs in the third to take a 3 - 2 lead . Luis Rivas led off with a double and scored on a triple by Jose Bautista . Jose Bautista followed with a run - scoring single , and Bay followed with a two - run homer to make it 5 - 2 . Herrera was charged with six runs and 11 hits in 4 1/3 innings .
LOS ANGELES -- Chris Volstad did n't have his best stuff of the season . Volstad pitched a season - high 8 2/3 innings , Jeremy Hermida hit a two - run homer and the Florida Marlins beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Volstad ( 2 - 0 ) allowed one run and five hits in 8 2/3 innings , struck out six and walked one . The right - hander improved to 3 - 1 with a 1.89 ERA in four starts against the Dodgers this season . Eric Stults ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings , struck out six and walked three . The right - hander struck out six and walked three . Stults ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings , struck out six and walked three . The right - hander struck out six and walked three . Stults ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings , struck out six and walked three . The right - hander struck out six and walked three . Stults ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings , struck out six and walked three . The right - hander struck out six and walked three . Stults ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings , struck out six and walked three . The right - hander struck out six and walked three . Stults ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings , struck out six and walked three . The right - hander struck out six and walked three .
DETROIT ( AP ) -- Glen Perkins did n't have his best stuff , but the Minnesota Twins right - hander did n't need much help . Perkins pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Nick Punto drove in two runs and the Twins beat the Detroit Tigers 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Perkins ( 6 - 2 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Joe Nathan pitched a perfect ninth for his 26th save in 30 chances . Armando Galarraga ( 7 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out five . Galarraga ( 7 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out five . Galarraga ( 7 - 3 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out five . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Placido Polanco 's sacrifice fly . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Placido Polanco 's sacrifice fly . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Placido Polanco 's sacrifice fly . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Placido Polanco 's sacrifice fly . The Tigers tied it in the fourth when Brian Buscher led off with a double and scored on Delmon Young 's sacrifice fly . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Placido Polanco 's sacrifice fly . The Tigers tied it in the fourth on Punto 's sacrifice fly .
DETROIT ( AP ) -- Miguel Cabrera and the rest of the Detroit Tigers are starting to feel good at the plate . Cabrera homered twice and drove in three runs , Justin Verlander pitched seven strong innings and the Tigers beat the Cleveland Indians 9 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third inning and a solo shot in the seventh . He also hit a two - run homer in the first inning of a 5 - 4 win over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Jhonny Peralta , who had a two - run shot in the first . Jhonny Peralta hit a two - run homer in the first for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Jhonny Peralta hit a two - run homer in the first for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Jhonny Peralta hit a two - run homer in the first for Cleveland , which has lost four of five . Jhonny Peralta hit a two - run homer in the first for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Sowers ( 0 - 5 ) gave up seven runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out one and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Indians took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Jhonny Peralta . The Indians tied it in the third on a two - out RBI single by Curtis Granderson , and Cabrera 's two - run homer made it 4 - 2 . It was the second time this season the Tigers have hit back - to - back homers in a game .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) -- Carlos Beltran and the New York Mets are going to have a big hit . Beltran hit a two - run homer in the 12th inning to lift the Mets to a 4 - 2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Beltran hit a two - run homer off Chad Durbin ( 2 - 2 ) to give the Mets a 4 - 2 lead in the top of the ninth . It was the first pinch - hit homer of the season for Beltran , who had three hits and two RBIs in the Mets ' 4 - 3 win over the Phillies on Tuesday night . Beltran 's homer was his first since July 31 , a span of 74 at - bats . Joe Smith ( 1 - 1 ) got the win with 2 1/3 innings of one - hit relief , and Billy Wagner gave up a two - run homer to Jayson Werth in the ninth . Joe Smith ( 1 - 1 ) got the win with 2 1/3 innings of one - hit relief , and Billy Wagner gave up Jayson Werth 's two - run homer with two outs in the ninth . Joe Smith ( 1 - 1 ) got the win with 2 1/3 innings of one - hit relief , and Billy Wagner gave up a tying two - run homer to Jayson Werth in the ninth . It was Wagner 's first blown save of the season . He gave up a two - run homer to Jayson Werth and a two - run shot to Jayson Werth that made it 2 - all . Wagner , who gave up a tying two - run homer to Jayson Werth in the ninth inning of a 6 - 5 loss to the Mets on Wednesday night , gave up a two - run homer to Jayson Werth in the ninth . It was Wagner 's first blown save of the season . He gave up a two - run homer to Jayson Werth and a two - run shot to Jayson Werth in the ninth that gave the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead . It was Wagner 's first blown save of the season . He gave up a two - run homer to Jayson Werth and a two - run shot to Jayson Werth in the ninth that gave the Phillies a 2 - 1 lead . It was Wagner 's first blown save of the season . He gave up a two - run homer to Jayson Werth and a two - run shot to Jayson Werth in the ninth that gave the Phillies a 2 - 1 lead . It was Wagner 's first blown save of the season . He gave up a two - run homer to Jayson Werth and a two - run shot to Jayson Werth in the ninth that gave the Phillies a 4 - 3 win . The Phillies have won six of their last eight games and are a season - high 20 games over .500 .
MILWAUKEE -- The Milwaukee Brewers are starting to look like a team . J. J. Hardy had four hits , including a two - run homer , Ben Sheets pitched effectively into the sixth inning and the Brewers beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . J. J. Hardy had four hits , including a two - run homer , and J. J. Hardy had four hits , including a two - run homer , and J. J. Hardy went 4 - for - 4 with a homer and three RBIs for the Brewers . J. J. Hardy had four hits , including a two - run homer , and J. J. Hardy had four hits , including a two - run homer , and J. J. Hardy had four hits , including a two - run homer , and J. J. Hardy had four hits , including a two - run homer , and J. J. Hardy had four hits and drove in three runs for the Brewers , who have won three of four . Tom Gorzelanny ( 6 - 6 ) gave up eight runs and 11 hits in 4 2/3 innings for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Gorzelanny ( 6 - 6 ) gave up eight runs and 11 hits in 4 2/3 innings . He is 0 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his last five starts . The Pirates have lost six of eight . The Pirates have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost five of six .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- The Tampa Bay Rays have n't been able to do much better against the Kansas City Royals this season . Carlos Pena hit a three - run homer and drove in five runs , Edwin Jackson pitched eight strong innings and the Rays beat the Royals 11 - 2 on Tuesday night . Pena hit a three - run homer in the fifth off Brian Bannister ( 7 - 8 ) , who gave up a season - high seven runs and eight hits in five innings . Pena hit a sacrifice fly in the first inning and drove in a run with a sacrifice fly during a three - run third that put the Rays ahead 4 - 0 . Pena hit a sacrifice fly in the third and added a three - run homer during a five - run fifth that gave the Rays a 7 - 0 lead . Pena hit a sacrifice fly in the first and added a sacrifice fly during a three - run third that put the Rays ahead 4 - 0 . Pena hit a sacrifice fly in the third and added a three - run homer during a five - run fifth that made it 7 - 0 . Mark Grudzielanek hit a solo homer and Mark Grudzielanek hit a solo shot for the Royals , who have lost three of four . Royals starter Brian Bannister ( 7 - 8 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in five innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost six of seven .
NEW YORK -- Mike Lowell and the Boston Red Sox got a big hit from Mike Lowell . Lowell homered and drove in four runs , Josh Beckett pitched six solid innings and the Red Sox beat the New York Yankees 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Lowell hit a sacrifice fly in the third inning and a three - run homer in the fifth off Darrell Rasner ( 4 - 7 ) , who gave up six runs and 10 hits in five innings . Lowell hit a sacrifice fly in the third and a three - run homer in the fifth off Darrell Rasner ( 4 - 7 ) , who gave up six runs and 10 hits in five innings . Lowell hit a sacrifice fly in the third and a three - run homer in the fifth off Darrell Rasner ( 4 - 7 ) , who gave up six runs and 10 hits in five innings . Lowell hit a sacrifice fly in the third and a three - run homer in the fifth off Darrell Rasner ( 4 - 7 ) . Lowell hit a sacrifice fly in the third and a three - run homer in the fifth off Darrell Rasner ( 4 - 7 ) . Lowell hit a sacrifice fly in the third and a three - run homer in the fifth off Darrell Rasner ( 4 - 7 ) , who gave up six runs and 10 hits in five innings . Rasner ( 4 - 7 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked three . Rasner ( 4 - 7 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked three .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- Tony Pena and the Kansas City Royals did n't have much to celebrate . Pena hit a tiebreaking homer in the sixth inning , Billy Butler added a solo shot and the Kansas City Royals rallied to beat the Baltimore Orioles 10 - 7 on Tuesday night . Pena hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a two - run single in the sixth to help the Royals snap a three - game losing streak . The Royals trailed 7 - 3 before scoring three times in the sixth , including a two - run single by Jose Guillen and a two - run single by Jose Guillen . Joel Peralta ( 1 - 2 ) pitched two innings for the win . Joakim Soria pitched a perfect ninth for his major league - leading 23rd save . Aubrey Huff homered twice and Adam Jones had two RBIs for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Joel Peralta ( 1 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Joakim Soria pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save . Baltimore starter Garrett Olson allowed six runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts since being recalled from Triple-A Norfolk . Baltimore starter Kyle Davies gave up seven runs and eight hits in four - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts since being recalled from Triple-A Omaha . The Royals took a 5 - 3 lead in the fourth on a two - run triple by Adam Jones and a two - run homer by Huff . The Royals took a 5 - 3 lead in the fourth on a two - run triple by Adam Jones and a two - run homer by Huff .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- Pittsburgh Pirates manager John Russell wanted to give the Pirates a chance to take the lead in the bottom of the 11th inning . Jack Wilson singled home the go - ahead run in the 11th inning , and the Pirates held on for a 6 - 5 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . The Pirates won for only the second time in their last eight games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . They have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . They have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . They have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . They have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . They have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . They have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . They have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . They have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . They have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . They have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . They have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . They have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . They have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . They have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . They have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . They have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . They have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . They have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games .
CLEVELAND -- Adrian Beltre 's first home run of the season came on a 3 - 1 pitch from Zach Jackson in the fifth inning and gave the Seattle Mariners a 6 - 4 win over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Beltre hit a two - run homer in the fifth and a two - run shot in the fifth to help the Mariners snap a three - game losing streak . Beltre 's second homer came off Zach Jackson ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up six runs and seven hits in five innings . The right - hander was recalled from Triple-A Columbus before the game to make his first start of the season . Jackson ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and seven hits over five innings in his first major league start . The right - hander was recalled from Triple-A Columbus to start in place of the injured Jake Westbrook , who was placed on the 15 - day disabled list with a strained right elbow . Jackson , who was recalled from Triple-A Columbus before the game , gave up six runs and seven hits over five innings in his first major league start . The right - hander was recalled from Triple-A Columbus to start in place of the injured Jake Westbrook , who was placed on the 15 - day disabled list with a strained muscle in his right side . The right - hander was recalled from Triple-A Columbus to start in place of the injured Jake Westbrook , who was placed on the 15 - day disabled list with a strained right elbow . Jackson was recalled from Triple-A Columbus to start in place of the injured Jake Westbrook , who was placed on the 15 - day disabled list with a strained muscle in his right side . The right - hander gave up six runs and seven hits over five innings . He struck out five and walked one .
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting for Joel Hanrahan to come out of the bullpen . The right - hander struck out pinch - hitter Brandon Jones with runners on first and second to end the game , and the Nationals beat the Atlanta Braves 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Hanrahan came on in the ninth and struck out Martin Prado to end the game . Hanrahan came on in the ninth and struck out Martin Prado for his seventh save in seven chances . Hanrahan came on in the ninth and struck out Martin Prado to end the game . Hanrahan came in to strike out Kelly Johnson , then retired Yunel Escobar on a fly ball to end the game . Perez ( 6 - 10 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . Joel Hanrahan got the final two outs for his seventh save in seven chances . Jorge Campillo ( 7 - 7 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings for Atlanta . The right - hander is winless in his last five starts . The Nationals scored three runs in the first inning off Jorge Campillo ( 7 - 7 ) , who allowed five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . The right - hander is winless in his last five starts . The Nationals scored three runs in the fifth to take a 5 - 0 lead . Cristian Guzman had an RBI triple and scored on Ronnie Belliard 's single . Zimmerman 's two - out single in the bottom of the inning made it 5 - 0 . Zimmerman 's two - run single in the fourth made it 5 - 0 .
PHOENIX -- Manny Ramirez had four hits and scored two runs to help the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 9 - 3 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Tuesday night . Ramirez had four hits and scored twice for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Doug Davis ( 6 - 8 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in five innings to win for the first time in six starts . He struck out two and walked three . Hiroki Kuroda ( 7 - 10 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and four hits in five - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . Kuroda ( 7 - 10 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and four hits in five - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . Kuroda ( 7 - 10 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and four hits in five - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . Kuroda ( 7 - 10 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and four hits in five - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Dodgers scored four runs in the fifth to take a 4 - 2 lead . Ramirez led off with a double and scored on Matt Kemp 's sacrifice fly . Matt Kemp followed with a sacrifice fly , and Matt Kemp followed with a sacrifice fly to give Los Angeles a 2 - 1 lead . The Dodgers scored four runs in the fifth to take a 4 - 2 lead . Chris Young led off with a double and scored on Drew 's sacrifice fly . Jackson followed with a run - scoring single and Mark Reynolds added an RBI single to make it 4 - 2 .
ANAHEIM , Calif. ( AP ) -- Mark Teixeira was n't surprised to see the Los Angeles Angels get a win . Teixeira hit a go - ahead home run in the third inning , Mark Teixeira added a solo shot and the Angels beat the Texas Rangers 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Angels have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time this season . Jon Garland ( 12 - 8 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in eight innings for the Angels , who have won five of their last six games . Garland ( 12 - 8 ) allowed five runs and eight hits in eight - plus innings . He struck out three and walked one . Garland ( 12 - 8 ) allowed five runs and eight hits in eight - plus innings . He struck out three and walked one . Garland ( 12 - 8 ) allowed five runs and eight hits in eight - plus innings . He struck out three and walked one . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a scoreless ninth for his major league - leading ninth save in 11 chances . The Angels have lost five of their last six games and have the worst record in the majors . The Rangers have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Jon Garland ( 12 - 8 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in eight innings for the Angels . He struck out three and walked one . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a scoreless ninth for his major league - leading 10th save in 12 chances . The Angels have lost five of their last six games and have the worst record in the majors . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games and have the worst record in the majors .
CHICAGO -- Cubs manager Lou Piniella was n't happy with his team 's latest loss to the Chicago Cubs . Aramis Ramirez hit a go - ahead grand slam in the eighth inning , lifting the Cubs to a 6 - 4 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Aramis Ramirez hit a grand slam off Chad Durbin ( 5 - 3 ) to give the Cubs a 6 - 4 lead in the eighth . Bob Howry ( 6 - 4 ) pitched a perfect eighth and Kerry Wood worked the ninth for his 28th save in 31 chances . Aramis Ramirez hit a grand slam off Chad Durbin ( 5 - 3 ) to give the Cubs a 6 - 4 lead . Bob Howry ( 6 - 4 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Kerry Wood pitched the ninth for his 28th save in 31 chances . Philadelphia starter Cole Hamels allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Philadelphia 's Cole Hamels allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Carlos Ruiz 's RBI single . The Cubs tied it in the fifth on Mark DeRosa 's RBI triple and a run - scoring triple by Mark DeRosa . The Cubs tied it in the fifth on DeRosa 's RBI triple and a run - scoring triple by Mark DeRosa . Dempster allowed eight hits and four runs in six innings . He struck out seven and walked four .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Josh Johnson has been the Florida Marlins ' ace . Johnson pitched a four - hitter , Dan Uggla and Dan Uggla homered , and the Marlins beat the Atlanta Braves 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Johnson ( 4 - 0 ) gave up four hits and one run in his first complete game of the season . He struck out eight and walked three . Johnson ( 4 - 0 ) gave up four hits , one run and three walks in his first complete game of the season . He struck out eight in his first complete game of the season . Johnson ( 4 - 0 ) gave up four hits , one run and three walks in his first complete game of the season . He struck out eight in his second complete game of the season . Hanley Ramirez drove in two runs for the Marlins , who have won four of five . Mike Hampton ( 2 - 2 ) gave up eight hits , three runs and two walks in eight innings for the Braves , who have lost four of five . The Braves have lost four of five . Hampton ( 2 - 2 ) gave up eight hits and three runs in eight innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Braves have lost four of five . Hampton gave up eight hits , three runs , two walks and struck out five in eight innings . The Braves have lost four of five . Hampton gave up eight hits and three runs in eight innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Braves had runners on first and third with one out in the fifth , but Johnson struck out Yunel Escobar and Yunel Escobar to end the threat . Hampton gave up eight hits and three runs in eight innings . He struck out five and walked two .
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- Ryan Rowland-Smith has been a big part of the Seattle Mariners ' rotation . Rowland-Smith ( 3 - 2 ) allowed five hits and two runs in seven innings , and the Mariners beat the Minnesota Twins 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Rowland-Smith ( 3 - 2 ) allowed five hits and two runs in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . Roy Corcoran pitched the final two innings for his first career save . Scott Baker ( 7 - 4 ) gave up three runs and 10 hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Twins . He struck out three and walked three . Randy Ruiz and Randy Ruiz hit back - to - back home runs in the sixth to tie the game at 2 . Rowland-Smith ( 3 - 2 ) allowed five hits and two runs in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . Roy Corcoran pitched the final two innings for his first career save . Scott Baker ( 7 - 4 ) gave up three runs and 10 hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Twins . He struck out three and walked three . Baker ( 7 - 4 ) allowed three runs and 10 hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked three . Randy Ruiz and Randy Ruiz hit back - to - back home runs in the sixth to tie the game at 2 - 2 . It was the first home run allowed by Rowland-Smith this season . The Twins took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Clement 's two - out , two - run single . Clement 's two - out , two - run single in the second made it 2 - 0 .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- The Atlanta Braves have won the first two games of the three - game set . They did it again . Omar Infante hit a game - ending single with two outs in the ninth inning , and the Braves rallied for a 10 - 9 victory over the Florida Marlins on Tuesday night . Gregg ( 6 - 7 ) gave up five hits , one walk and four runs in one - plus inning . He walked one and struck out one . Gregg ( 6 - 7 ) gave up five hits , one walk and four runs in one - plus inning . He walked one and struck out one . Gregg ( 6 - 7 ) gave up five hits , one walk and four runs in one - plus inning . The Braves scored three runs in the bottom of the ninth off Gregg ( 6 - 7 ) , who gave up five hits , one walk and four runs in the ninth . Gregg ( 6 - 7 ) gave up five hits , one walk and four runs in one - plus inning . He walked one and struck out one . The Braves scored three runs in the first off Scott Olsen , who gave up five hits and four runs in 5 1/3 innings . The Braves scored three runs in the first off Scott Olsen , who allowed five hits and four runs in 5 1/3 innings . The Marlins scored three runs in the first off Scott Olsen , who allowed five hits and four runs with three walks and three strikeouts in 5 1/3 innings . Florida starter Scott Olsen gave up five hits and four runs in 5 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three .
CHICAGO -- Tampa Bay manager Joe Maddon was n't happy with his team 's latest loss . The White Sox lost to the Tampa Bay Rays for the second time in three weeks , and Carlos Pena hit a go - ahead two - run single in the eighth inning to lift the Rays to a 5 - 3 victory over the White Sox on Tuesday night . Jason Bartlett had three hits for the Rays , who have won four of five . Grant Balfour ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Dan Wheeler pitched a perfect ninth for his eighth save in eight chances . Javier Vazquez ( 10 - 11 ) gave up four runs and five hits in seven - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . Grant Balfour ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Dan Wheeler pitched a perfect ninth for his eighth save in eight chances . Javier Vazquez ( 10 - 11 ) gave up four runs and five hits in seven - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . The White Sox took a 3 - 1 lead in the sixth on Juan Uribe 's sacrifice fly and Juan Uribe 's sacrifice fly and Juan Uribe 's sacrifice fly . Kazmir allowed three runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The White Sox took a 3 - 1 lead in the sixth on Juan Uribe 's sacrifice fly and Juan Uribe 's sacrifice fly and Juan Uribe 's sacrifice fly . Kazmir allowed three runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Zach Miner and the Detroit Tigers did n't need any help from the Kansas City Royals . Miner pitched seven innings of three - hit ball , Matt Joyce hit a sacrifice fly and the Tigers beat the Royals 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Miner ( 7 - 4 ) allowed three hits , struck out three and walked one in seven innings . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in his past four starts . Miner , who has won his past three starts , allowed three hits and one walk while striking out three . Miner , who has won his past three starts , allowed three hits and one walk while striking out three . Kyle Farnsworth , Kyle Farnsworth and Kyle Farnsworth each pitched a scoreless inning to complete the three - hitter . Kyle Farnsworth , Kyle Farnsworth and Kyle Farnsworth each pitched a scoreless inning to complete the three - hitter . Kyle Farnsworth , Kyle Farnsworth and Kyle Farnsworth each pitched a scoreless inning to complete the three - hitter . Kyle Farnsworth , Kyle Farnsworth and Kyle Farnsworth each pitched a scoreless inning to complete the three - hitter . Kyle Farnsworth , Kyle Farnsworth and Kyle Farnsworth each pitched a scoreless inning to complete the three - hitter . Kyle Farnsworth , Kyle Farnsworth and Kyle Farnsworth each pitched a scoreless inning to complete the three - hitter . Kyle Farnsworth worked the eighth , and Kyle Farnsworth worked the ninth to complete the three - hitter . Royals starter Kyle Davies ( 5 - 5 ) gave up four runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked four .
ANAHEIM , Calif. ( AP ) -- Denard Span had a big night for the Minnesota Twins . Span hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs , Glen Perkins pitched eight innings of five - hit ball and the Twins beat the Los Angeles Angels 9 - 0 on Tuesday night . Young hit a two - run homer in the fourth off Joe Saunders ( 14 - 6 ) , who was charged with six runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his last four starts against the Twins , who acquired him in a trade with Seattle on July 31 . Saunders ( 14 - 6 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out none and did n't strike out a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his last four starts . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven .
BALTIMORE -- Daisuke Matsuzaka and the Boston Red Sox have been waiting for him to get back on track . Kevin Youkilis hit a two - run homer , Jason Varitek added a two - run shot and the Red Sox beat the Baltimore Orioles 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Matsuzaka ( 15 - 2 ) allowed two runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked five . The right - hander is 6 - 0 in his last seven starts . Boston 's Daniel Cabrera ( 8 - 8 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts and is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning against Daniel Cabrera ( 8 - 8 ) . Jacoby Ellsbury led off with a double and scored on a single by Jason Bay . David Ortiz followed with an RBI single , and David Ortiz followed with a run - scoring double . Baltimore closed to 3 - 2 in the third on a run - scoring single by Luke Scott and a run - scoring single by Luke Scott . The Orioles made it 6 - 2 in the fifth on a run - scoring double by Youkilis and a run - scoring double by Youkilis . Baltimore went up 6 - 2 in the fifth . Ellsbury led off with a double and scored on a two - out double by Youkilis . The Orioles added a run in the eighth on a two - out RBI single by Youkilis .
CLEVELAND -- Jeremy Sowers did n't have his best stuff . The right - hander gave up three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings to lead the Cleveland Indians to a 4 - 3 win over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Sowers ( 2 - 6 ) gave up three runs , two earned , and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . The right - hander , who had won his previous three starts , gave up three runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . Jensen Lewis worked the ninth for his third save in four chances . Jeremy Sowers ( 2 - 6 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Indians . Jensen Lewis worked the ninth for his third save . Cleveland starter Joe Saunders gave up three runs and eight hits in five innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts since being recalled from Triple-A Salt Lake on July 29 . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Mark Teixeira 's RBI single and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Vladimir Guerrero . The Angels tied it in the bottom half on Gutierrez 's two - out , two - run single . The Indians tied it in the bottom of the first on a two - run single by Gutierrez . The Indians tied it in the bottom half on Gutierrez 's two - out , two - run single . The Indians tied it in the bottom of the first on Sizemore 's RBI single . The Indians tied it in the bottom of the first on Sizemore 's RBI single .
NEW YORK -- The New York Yankees have been waiting for Mariano Rivera to come through in the ninth inning against the New York Yankees . Mark Teahen hit a two - out , two - run double off Mariano Rivera ( 4 - 5 ) to give the Royals a 4 - 3 victory Tuesday night , the Yankees ' seventh loss in eight games . Rivera ( 4 - 5 ) gave up a leadoff single to Esteban German and a walk to Mike Aviles before Mark Teahen hit a two - run double . Mark Teahen hit a two - run double off Rivera ( 4 - 5 ) , and Mark Teahen hit a two - run double . Leo Nunez ( 4 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Joakim Soria pitched the ninth for his 33rd save in 34 chances . Derek Jeter went 3 - for - 4 with a walk and an RBI for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Andy Pettitte gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked four . New York 's Gil Meche gave up one run and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out eight and walked two . New York 's Gil Meche gave up one run and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out eight and walked two . New York 's Gil Meche gave up one run and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out eight and walked two . New York starter Gil Meche gave up one run and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out eight and walked two .
WASHINGTON -- Jorge De La Rosa has been a big part of the Colorado Rockies ' rotation . Brad Hawpe and Troy Tulowitzki homered , De La Rosa pitched six effective innings and the Rockies beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . De La Rosa ( 6 - 6 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings , striking out seven and walking three . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Brian Fuentes struck out the side in the ninth for his 23rd save . Jorge De La Rosa ( 6 - 6 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings , striking out seven and walking three . Brian Fuentes struck out the side in the ninth for his 23rd save . Tim Redding ( 8 - 8 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Jorge De La Rosa ( 6 - 6 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Brian Fuentes struck out the side in the ninth for his 23rd save . Tim Redding ( 8 - 8 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings for the Nationals . He struck out five and walked one . Redding ( 8 - 8 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Emilio Bonifacio led off with a double and scored on a single by Aaron Boone . The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the third . Emilio Bonifacio led off with a double and scored on Ronnie Belliard 's single .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Glen Perkins was n't as sharp as he was in his previous start , when he gave up a pair of runs in the first inning of a loss to the New York Yankees in the first game of a day - night doubleheader . Perkins ( 9 - 3 ) allowed four hits in eight shutout innings , and the Minnesota Twins beat the New York Yankees 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Perkins ( 9 - 3 ) allowed four hits and three walks while striking out four in eight shutout innings . Perkins ( 9 - 3 ) gave up four hits , struck out four and walked three . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 3.09 ERA in four starts against the Yankees this season . Sidney Ponson ( 7 - 3 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Sidney Ponson ( 7 - 3 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Ponson ( 7 - 3 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . Ponson ( 7 - 3 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings for New York , which has lost four of five . The Yankees have lost six of their last seven games . Ponson ( 7 - 3 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Ryan Dempster has been a big part of the Chicago Cubs ' rotation . Dempster allowed two runs in 6 2/3 innings , Ronny Cedeno drove in two runs and the Cubs beat the St. Louis Cardinals 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Dempster ( 13 - 5 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Dempster ( 13 - 5 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Dempster ( 13 - 5 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Carlos Marmol worked a perfect ninth , and Carlos Marmol worked a perfect ninth for the Cubs . Carpenter ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . The Cardinals scored twice in the sixth to take a 6 - 0 lead . Geovany Soto led off with a double and scored on Mark DeRosa 's sacrifice fly . Geovany Soto led off with a double and scored on DeRosa 's sacrifice fly . The Cardinals added two more in the sixth on a two - run double by Ronny Cedeno and a two - run double by Ronny Cedeno to make it 6 - 0 . The Cardinals added two more in the sixth on a two - run double by Ronny Cedeno and a two - run double by Ronny Cedeno to make it 6 - 0 . DeRosa had a sacrifice fly in the second for the Cubs .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Pittsburgh Pirates have been waiting for a couple of reasons to celebrate their first trip to the World Series . The Pirates have won the first two games of the three - game series against the Philadelphia Phillies . Steve Pearce hit an RBI single in the 12th inning to lift the Pirates to a 2 - 0 victory over the Phillies on Tuesday night . The Pirates have won four straight and eight of 10 to move within one game of .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . T. J. Beam ( 1 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Craig Hansen pitched the 12th for his third save in four chances . The Phillies have lost five of six . They have lost five of six . T. J. Beam ( 1 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Craig Hansen pitched the 12th for his third save in four chances . The Phillies have lost five of six . They have lost five of six . Philadelphia 's Joe Blanton allowed one hit in seven scoreless innings , striking out seven and walking two . The Phillies have lost five of six and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . They have lost six of seven . Philadelphia 's Joe Blanton allowed one hit in seven scoreless innings , striking out seven and walking two . The Phillies have lost five of six and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . The Phillies have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . They have lost six of seven . Philadelphia 's Joe Blanton allowed one hit in seven innings , striking out seven and walking two .
CHICAGO -- Zach Miner and the Detroit Tigers did n't need much help from Miguel Cabrera . Cabrera hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , Zach Miner pitched six strong innings and the Tigers beat the Chicago White Sox 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Miner ( 6 - 4 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Fernando Rodney got the final four outs for his second save . Javier Vazquez ( 8 - 10 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in seven innings for Chicago . He struck out eight and walked four . Paul Konerko had three hits for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Javier Vazquez ( 8 - 10 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked four . Paul Konerko had three hits for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Paul Konerko had three hits for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Javier Vazquez ( 8 - 10 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in seven innings for Chicago . He struck out eight and walked four . The White Sox have lost five of six . Paul Konerko had three hits for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Vazquez allowed five runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked four . Vazquez gave up eight hits and five runs in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked four . Vazquez gave up eight hits and four walks in seven innings . He struck out eight .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Jacoby Ellsbury and the Boston Red Sox are on quite a roll . Ellsbury had three hits , including a three - run homer , and Tim Wakefield pitched six strong innings to lead the Red Sox to an 8 - 2 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . Ellsbury had three hits , including a three - run homer , and Jed Lowrie had a two - run double for the Red Sox , who have won four of five . Wakefield ( 7 - 8 ) allowed two runs , one earned , and four hits in six innings . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . Wakefield ( 7 - 8 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in six - plus innings . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . Justin Masterson pitched a scoreless eighth , and Jonathan Papelbon worked the ninth for his first save . Luke Hochevar ( 6 - 10 ) gave up five runs on seven hits and three walks in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 5.54 ERA in his past five starts . The Red Sox scored three runs in the fifth to take a 3 - 0 lead . Billy Butler led off with a single , stole second and scored on Ross Gload 's single . Gload had a two - run single in the fifth to pull Kansas City within 3 - 2 . Gload 's two - out single scored Billy Butler , who had three hits , and Billy Butler , who had three hits . Butler had three hits for the Royals , who have lost four of five .
ST. LOUIS -- Tony La Russa has been the St. Louis Cardinals ' manager . Albert Pujols hit a grand slam and drove in four runs , Joel Pineiro pitched seven strong innings and the Cardinals beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 9 - 6 on Tuesday night . Pujols hit a grand slam off Derek Lowe ( 8 - 10 ) in the fourth inning , and Joel Pineiro ( 4 - 5 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in seven innings for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Pineiro ( 4 - 5 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out two and walked none . Manny Ramirez hit a solo homer and Casey Blake had an RBI triple for the Dodgers , who have lost four in a row . Joel Pineiro ( 4 - 5 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in seven innings for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Chris Perez got the final five outs for his first save in four chances . Derek Lowe ( 8 - 10 ) gave up eight runs and 13 hits in 3 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost six of seven .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) -- Kyle Kendrick did n't have his best stuff . Kendrick pitched six innings of four - hit ball , Ryan Howard homered and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Florida Marlins 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Kendrick ( 10 - 5 ) allowed four hits , walked five and struck out four . Ryan Madson and Ryan Madson each tossed a scoreless inning to complete the five - hitter . Anibal Sanchez ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and five hits in five innings for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Sanchez ( 1 - 1 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- and five hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out two . Sanchez ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and five hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out two . Sanchez ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and five hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out two . Sanchez ( 1 - 1 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- and five hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out two . Sanchez ( 1 - 1 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- and five hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out two . Sanchez ( 1 - 1 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- and five hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out two . Sanchez ( 1 - 1 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- and five hits in five innings .
DENVER -- The Washington Nationals are n't going to let Tim Redding get the win . Willie Harris hit a two - run homer , Willie Harris added a two - run shot and the Nationals beat the Colorado Rockies 9 - 4 on Tuesday night . Redding ( 8 - 6 ) allowed four runs and six hits , struck out six and walked three in five - plus innings . The right - hander , who had won his last three starts , gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked three . Redding ( 8 - 6 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked three . The Nationals took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on Brad Hawpe 's two - run single and Brad Hawpe 's two - run single . Cook ( 14 - 7 ) gave up a season - high 11 hits and seven runs in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Nationals took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on Brad Hawpe 's two - out , two - run single . Cook ( 14 - 7 ) gave up a season - high 11 hits and seven runs in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Nationals took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on Brad Hawpe 's two - out , two - run single . The Rockies took a 5 - 3 lead in the third on Bonifacio 's RBI triple and a run - scoring single by Bonifacio . The Nationals added another run in the sixth when Garrett Atkins scored on Cory Sullivan 's fielder 's choice .
ANAHEIM , Calif. ( AP ) -- Francisco Rodriguez was n't happy with his first blown save of the season . The Los Angeles Angels ' closer gave up two unearned runs in the ninth inning , and the Angels rallied for a 6 - 5 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . Vladimir Guerrero hit a two - run homer in the third inning and Vladimir Guerrero added a two - run shot for the Angels , who have won four of five . Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) gave up two unearned runs in the ninth to earn his first major league win . Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) gave up two unearned runs in the ninth to earn his first major league win . Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) gave up two unearned runs in the ninth to earn his first major league win . Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) gave up two unearned runs in the ninth to earn his first major league win . Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) gave up two unearned runs in the ninth . He was charged with two runs in the ninth . Nick Markakis hit a two - run double with two outs in the ninth off Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 0 ) , who gave up a two - run double to Nick Markakis in the ninth . Nick Markakis ' two - run double off Scot Shields cut the Angels ' lead to 5 - 3 in the top of the ninth . Markakis followed with a two - run double to make it 5 - 3 . Markakis followed with a two - run double to make it 5 - 3 . Markakis followed with a two - run single to make it 5 - 3 , but Rodriguez struck out Brian Roberts with the bases loaded to preserve a 5 - 1 lead .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants have been waiting for Matt Cain to find a way to beat the Atlanta Braves . Cain pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Randy Winn had three hits and drove in a run and the Giants beat the Braves 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cain ( 7 - 9 ) allowed one run and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked five and struck out six . Cain ( 7 - 9 ) allowed one run and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked five and struck out six . Cain ( 7 - 9 ) allowed one run and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked five and struck out six . Brian Wilson pitched the ninth for his major league - leading 31st save . Jair Jurrjens ( 9 - 7 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out one . The Braves have lost five of six . Atlanta has lost five of seven . The Braves have lost five of seven . Atlanta has lost five of seven . The Braves have lost five of seven . Atlanta has lost five of seven . The Braves have lost five of seven . Atlanta has lost five of seven . The Braves have lost five of seven . Atlanta has lost five of seven . The Braves have lost five of seven . Atlanta has lost five of seven . The Braves have lost five of seven . Atlanta has lost six of seven . The Braves have lost five of seven . Atlanta has lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Mike Aviles had four hits and drove in three runs , Zack Greinke pitched into the seventh inning and the Kansas City Royals beat the Chicago White Sox 14 - 3 on Tuesday night . Aviles had four hits , including a two - run double in the second inning , and added a two - run double in the fifth . He had a two - run double in the fifth , a two - run double in the sixth and a two - run double in the sixth that made it 12 - 0 . Zack Greinke ( 9 - 7 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . Clayton Richard ( 0 - 2 ) gave up nine runs , six earned , and 11 hits in 4 1/3 innings for Chicago . The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . Clayton Richard ( 0 - 2 ) was charged with nine runs , six earned , and 11 hits in 4 1/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 9.00 ERA in four starts against the Royals this season . The Royals ' 19 hits were one shy of their season high . Richard ( 0 - 2 ) gave up nine runs , six earned , and 11 hits in 4 1/3 innings . The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 9.00 ERA in four previous starts against the Royals this season . The Royals ' 19 hits were one shy of their season high . Richard gave up a career - high nine runs , six earned , and 11 hits in 4 1/3 innings .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- The Kansas City Royals have n't been able to do much better against Mark Buehrle . Esteban German had three hits and three RBIs , Esteban German had three hits and three RBIs , and the Kansas City Royals beat the White Sox 9 - 7 on Tuesday night . Butler had three hits , including a home run , and Mike Aviles had three hits for the Royals , who took two of three from the White Sox . Mark Buehrle ( 8 - 10 ) was charged with eight runs and 14 hits in 4 1/3 innings . He is 0 - 4 in his past five starts . Paul Konerko and Brian Anderson homered for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Kyle Davies ( 5 - 2 ) gave up three runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Royals , who won for the sixth time in seven games . Joakim Soria got 1 - 2 - 3 in the ninth for his 31st save in 34 opportunities . Paul Konerko and Brian Anderson homered for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Kyle Davies ( 5 - 2 ) gave up three runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out two . Royals starter Mark Buehrle ( 8 - 10 ) was charged with eight runs and 14 hits in 4 1/3 innings . He is 0 - 4 in his past five starts . The White Sox scored three runs in the eighth off Ron Mahay , who gave up a solo homer to Brian Anderson and a run - scoring double to Alexei Ramirez . Joakim Soria got 1 - 2 - 3 in the ninth for his 31st save in 34 opportunities .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Joe Mauer has been a big part of the Minnesota Twins ' recent success . Mauer hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the seventh inning , Nick Blackburn pitched seven strong innings and the Twins beat the Cleveland Indians 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Nick Blackburn ( 8 - 6 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings for the Twins , who have won four of five . Joe Nathan worked the ninth for his 30th save in 34 chances . Jeremy Sowers ( 1 - 6 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Sowers ( 1 - 6 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Joe Mauer hit a two - run homer in the seventh , and Carlos Gomez had an RBI double in the seventh for the Twins . Joe Nathan pitched the ninth for his 30th save in 34 chances . Jeremy Sowers ( 1 - 6 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Indians . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 10 - 24 since July 31 . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Sowers gave up four runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Philadelphia Phillies are making the most of it . Lou Taguchi and Lou Taguchi each had three hits and three RBIs , and the Phillies beat the Washington Nationals 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Lou Taguchi and Lou Taguchi each had three hits and three RBIs for the Phillies , who won for the sixth time in seven games . The Phillies have won five of their last six games and have the worst record in the majors . The Phillies have lost six of seven and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Les Marson hit a two - run double in the fourth and scored on Eric Bruntlett 's triple to give the Phillies a 4 - 3 lead . Luke Montz hit a solo homer in the eighth to make it 8 - 3 . Les Walrond ( 1 - 1 ) struck out four in two scoreless innings for his first major league win . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Eric Bruntlett 's run - scoring wild pitch . Taguchi and Montz hit back - to - back doubles in the fourth to give the Nationals a 3 - 1 lead . Montz and Montz hit consecutive doubles in the fourth to give the Nationals a 3 - 1 lead . Montz and Montz hit back - to - back homers in the eighth to make it 8 - 3 .
ST. LOUIS -- The St. Louis Cardinals ' bullpen has been a problem for the Cardinals . Felipe Lopez had four hits and drove in three runs , Ryan Ludwick hit a two - run homer and the Cardinals beat the Cincinnati Reds 11 - 4 on Tuesday night . Felipe Lopez had four hits and drove in three runs , and Felipe Lopez had four hits and drove in three runs for the Cardinals , who have won four in a row for the first time this season . Brad Thompson ( 6 - 3 ) gave up three runs , four hits and a walk in five innings for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Edwin Encarnacion hit a two - run homer for the Reds , who have lost four in a row . Brad Thompson ( 6 - 3 ) gave up three runs and four hits in five innings for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . The Cardinals have lost five of six . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost five of six . The Reds have lost five of six . Votto hit a two - run homer in the fourth and Votto added a two - run shot in the fourth for the Reds , who have lost four in a row . Votto hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Votto hit a two - run homer off Kelvin Jimenez in the fourth to make it 11 - 3 . Votto hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 11 - 3 .
BALTIMORE -- The Toronto Blue Jays are on a roll . Vernon Wells homered twice and drove in five runs , Jesse Litsch pitched seven innings of three - hit ball and the Blue Jays beat the Baltimore Orioles 10 - 1 on Tuesday night . Wells hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the fifth , giving the Blue Jays a 6 - 0 lead . Wells hit a three - run shot in the fifth , and the Blue Jays added three more in the eighth . Wells hit a three - run homer off Jeremy Guthrie ( 10 - 12 ) to make it 6 - 0 in the fifth . Wells hit a three - run shot off Alfredo Simon in the fifth to make it 6 - 0 . Wells hit a three - run shot in the fifth to make it 6 - 0 . Wells hit a three - run shot in the fifth to make it 6 - 0 . Wells hit a three - run shot off Alfredo Simon in the fifth to make it 6 - 0 . Wells hit a three - run shot in the fifth to make it 6 - 0 . Wells hit a three - run shot in the fifth to make it 6 - 0 . Wells hit a three - run shot in the fifth to make it 6 - 0 . Wells hit a three - run shot in the fifth to make it 6 - 0 . Wells hit a three - run shot in the fifth to make it 6 - 0 . The Blue Jays added three runs in the eighth . Wells hit a three - run homer off Alfredo Simon .
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- Vladimir Guerrero and the Los Angeles Angels are on quite a roll . Guerrero hit two home runs , including a two - run shot off J. J. Putz in the ninth inning , and the Angels beat the Seattle Mariners 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Guerrero hit a tiebreaking , two - run homer off J. J. Putz in the ninth inning , giving the Angels a 6 - 4 lead in the top of the ninth . Putz ( 6 - 5 ) gave up Guerrero 's second homer of the game , a two - run shot that gave the Angels a 6 - 4 lead . It was Guerrero 's second multihomer game of the season and second of his career . Jose Arredondo ( 10 - 2 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings for the win . Scot Shields pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save in six chances . Putz ( 6 - 5 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and two hits in the ninth . He walked Gary Matthews Jr. to force in a run and make it 4 - 2 . Jose Arredondo ( 10 - 2 ) got the win despite giving up a two - run homer to Yuniesky Betancourt in the seventh . Scot Shields pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save in six chances . Seattle starter Dustin Moseley allowed two runs and six hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out three . Scot Shields pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save in six chances . Seattle starter Dustin Moseley allowed two runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He walked one and struck out three . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on RBI singles by Wladimir Balentien and Wladimir Balentien .
NEW YORK -- The New York Mets have been waiting for Chicago manager Terry Collins to use closer Billy Wagner on the mound for the first time since the All-Star break . He 's not sure how long he 'll be . Ryan Church hit an RBI single with two outs in the ninth inning , and the Mets rallied for a 7 - 6 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Ryan Church had three hits and drove in two runs , and Ryan Church had three hits and drove in two runs for the Mets . Joe Smith ( 6 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Micah Hoffpauir had a career - high five hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in five runs for the Cubs , who have lost six of seven . Chicago 's Micah Hoffpauir had a career - high five hits , including a three - run homer off Ricardo Rincon in the seventh to give the Cubs a 6 - 3 lead . It was Chicago 's third walk - off win of the season . Hoffpauir , who had a career - high five hits , had a career - high five hits , including a three - run homer off Ricardo Rincon in the seventh to give the Cubs a 6 - 3 lead . It was Chicago 's first game - ending hit of the season . Chicago 's Micah Hoffpauir had a career - high five hits , including a three - run homer off Ricardo Rincon in the seventh to give the Cubs a 6 - 3 lead . It was Chicago 's fourth walk - off win of the season . Chicago starter Rich Harden gave up three runs and two hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked five .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The Colorado Rockies ' offense finally got to Jonathan Sanchez . Clint Barmes hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs , Livan Hernandez pitched seven strong innings and the Rockies beat the San Francisco Giants 15 - 6 on Tuesday night . Barmes had a two - run double in the fourth and a three - run homer in the fifth to help the Rockies snap a three - game losing streak . Barmes had a two - run double in the fourth and a three - run homer in the fifth . Barmes added a two - run double in the fourth and Barmes added a three - run homer in the fifth . Hernandez ( 13 - 11 ) allowed five runs and 12 hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked two . Hernandez ( 13 - 11 ) allowed five runs and 12 hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked two . Hernandez ( 13 - 11 ) allowed five runs and 12 hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked two . Hernandez ( 13 - 11 ) allowed five runs and 12 hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked two . Hernandez ( 13 - 11 ) allowed five runs and 12 hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked two . Hernandez ( 13 - 11 ) allowed five runs and 12 hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked two . Matt Herges and Matt Herges each pitched a scoreless inning before Steven Register gave up an RBI single to Bengie Molina in the ninth . Giants starter Jonathan Sanchez ( 9 - 12 ) gave up seven runs and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out three .
PHILADELPHIA -- Mike Hampton has been a big part of the Atlanta Braves ' rotation . Hampton pitched six strong innings and Casey Kotchman homered to lead the Braves to a 3 - 2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Hampton ( 3 - 3 ) allowed two runs and six hits , striking out four and walking three . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in five career starts against the Phillies , who acquired him in a trade with the New York Mets on July 31 . Hampton ( 3 - 3 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six - plus innings , striking out four and walking three . Michael Gonzalez pitched the ninth for his 14th save . Cole Hamels ( 14 - 10 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Kelly Johnson 's RBI single . The Braves tied it in the bottom half on Pat Burrell 's RBI single . The Phillies tied it in the bottom half on Pat Burrell 's RBI single . The Phillies tied it in the bottom of the second on Pat Burrell 's RBI single . The Phillies tied it in the bottom half on Pat Burrell 's RBI single . Philadelphia tied it in the bottom half on Feliz 's RBI single . The Phillies tied it in the bottom of the second on Pat Burrell 's RBI single . The Phillies tied it in the bottom half on Feliz 's RBI single . Philadelphia tied it in the bottom half on Feliz 's RBI single . The Phillies tied it in the bottom half on Feliz 's RBI single .
BOSTON -- Zach Jackson 's first major league win came against the Boston Red Sox . Jackson pitched six solid innings for his first major league win , leading the Cleveland Indians to a 4 - 3 victory over the Red Sox on Tuesday night . Jackson ( 1 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits , striking out four and walking four in six - plus innings . Jensen Lewis worked the ninth for his 12th save . David Ortiz homered and Kevin Youkilis had three hits and two RBIs for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . David Ortiz homered and Kevin Youkilis had three hits and two RBIs for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . David Ortiz homered and Kevin Youkilis had three hits and two RBIs for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Kevin Youkilis had three hits and drove in two runs for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Kevin Youkilis had three hits and drove in two runs for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Kevin Youkilis had three hits and drove in two runs for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Kevin Youkilis had three hits and drove in two runs for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Boston has lost six of seven . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a bases - loaded walk to Travis Hafner . The Red Sox tied it in the third on Youkilis ' RBI double . The Red Sox tied it in the third on Youkilis ' RBI double .
MIAMI -- The Philadelphia Phillies have been waiting for Brad Lidge to pitch in the majors this season . Lidge struck out the side in the ninth for his major league - leading 39th save , leading the Phillies to a 3 - 2 victory over the Florida Marlins on Tuesday night . Lidge struck out the side in the ninth for his major league - leading 39th save in 38 chances . Lidge struck out the side in the ninth for his major league - leading 39th save in 38 chances . Lidge struck out the side in the ninth for his major league - leading 39th save in 38 chances . Lidge struck out the side in the ninth for his major league - leading 39th save in 38 chances . Lidge struck out the side in the ninth for his major league - leading 39th save in 38 chances . Lidge struck out the side in the ninth for his major league - leading 39th save in 38 chances . Anibal Sanchez ( 2 - 5 ) allowed three runs , two earned , and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out eight , walked three and hit a batter . Sanchez ( 2 - 5 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked three . Sanchez ( 2 - 5 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked three . Sanchez ( 2 - 5 ) allowed three runs , two earned , and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked three .
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) -- Jeff Baisley and the Oakland Athletics are on quite a roll . Baisley hit a go - ahead two - run double in the sixth inning and the A 's rallied from a five - run deficit to beat the Seattle Mariners 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . The A 's trailed 5 - 4 in the sixth when Bryan LaHair hit a two - run homer and Kenji Johjima added a two - run shot . Huston Street ( 7 - 5 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win and Brad Ziegler worked the ninth for his 11th save in 12 chances . Bryan LaHair hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Huston Street ( 7 - 5 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Brad Ziegler pitched the ninth for his 11th save in 12 chances . Bryan LaHair hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Seattle starter Kirk Saarloos allowed five runs and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked one and did n't strike out a batter for the second time this season . The A 's took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Johjima 's two - out , two - run single . LaHair hit a two - run homer in the second and a two - run single in the fourth . LaHair hit a two - run homer in the second and a two - run single in the fourth . LaHair hit a two - run homer in the second and a two - run single in the fourth .
CINCINNATI -- The Cincinnati Reds have been waiting for pinch - hitter Micah Owings to get to pinch - hitter Micah Owings . Owings hit a pinch - hit , two - run single in the sixth inning , and the Reds beat the Milwaukee Brewers 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Reds have won five of their last six games , and the Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games .
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Angels have been waiting for Francisco Rodriguez to get a save for the first time in his career . Saunders pitched seven scoreless innings , Kendrys Morales hit a solo homer and the Angels beat the Oakland Athletics 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Saunders ( 16 - 7 ) gave up six hits and three walks while striking out four . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts against the A 's . Francisco Rodriguez got the final two outs for his major league - leading 42nd save in 48 chances . Mike Napoli and Mike Napoli also homered for the Angels , who have won four of five . Saunders ( 16 - 7 ) allowed six hits , struck out four and walked three . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts against the A 's . Francisco Rodriguez got the final two outs for his major league - leading 42nd save in 48 chances . He got the final two outs in the ninth for his major league - leading 42nd save in 48 chances . Mike Napoli and Mike Napoli also homered for the Angels , who have won four of five . Saunders ( 16 - 7 ) allowed six hits , struck out four and walked three . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts against the A 's . Francisco Rodriguez got the final two outs for his major league - leading 42nd save in 48 chances . The A 's have lost five of their last six games and have the worst record in the American League . The A 's have lost five of their last six games . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season .
PHOENIX -- Brandon Webb has been one of the best pitchers in the majors . Justin Upton hit a two - run homer , Webb pitched seven effective innings and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the San Francisco Giants 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Webb ( 21 - 7 ) allowed three runs , two earned , and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out two , walked two and hit an RBI single . Webb ( 21 - 7 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out two , walked two and hit a two - out single in the first inning . Webb ( 21 - 7 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out two . Ramon Pena gave up a run in the ninth but earned his third save in as many chances . Omar Vizquel had two hits and drove in two runs for San Francisco . Omar Vizquel had two hits and drove in two runs for San Francisco . Omar Vizquel had two hits and drove in two runs for San Francisco . Omar Vizquel had two hits and drove in two runs for San Francisco . Omar Vizquel had two hits and drove in two runs for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Omar Vizquel had two hits and drove in two runs for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Omar Vizquel had two hits and drove in two runs for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Omar Vizquel had two hits and drove in two runs for San Francisco .
CLEVELAND -- The Cleveland Indians have been waiting for Victor Martinez to hit a game - ending three - run homer in the bottom of the 11th inning . Victor Martinez hit a three - run homer in the 11th inning , and the Indians rallied for a 12 - 9 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Victor Martinez hit a three - run homer in the second inning and Grady Sizemore added a solo shot in the eighth for the Indians , who have won three straight and five of six . Tom Mastny ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless 11th for the win . Carlos Gomez hit a tying two - run single in the sixth for the Twins , who have lost three straight and five of six . The Twins have lost six of seven . Minnesota 's Francisco Liriano allowed eight runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 2 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts and has a 7.13 ERA in that span . The Indians scored three times in the fifth to take an 8 - 8 lead . Matt Tolbert led off with a double and scored on Delmon Young 's sacrifice fly . Matt Tolbert followed with a run - scoring double and Justin Morneau followed with a two - run single to pull the Twins to 8 - 7 . Cleveland starter Francisco Liriano allowed eight runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 2 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts and has a 7.13 ERA in that span . The Indians scored three times in the fifth to take an 8 - 8 lead . Gomez hit a two - run single and Michael Cuddyer drove in a run with a groundout . Gomez hit a two - run single in the sixth to pull Minnesota to 8 - 7 .
MIAMI -- Chris Volstad was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Volstad pitched eight innings of four - hit ball , Jorge Cantu hit a three - run homer and the Florida Marlins beat the Houston Astros 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Volstad ( 5 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in eight innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Volstad ( 5 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in eight innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Oswalt ( 15 - 10 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out 10 and walked one . Oswalt ( 15 - 10 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out 10 and walked one . Oswalt ( 15 - 10 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out 10 and walked one . Oswalt ( 15 - 10 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out 10 and walked one . The Astros have lost six of their past seven games . Florida has lost four of five . The Astros have lost four of five . Oswalt ( 15 - 10 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out 10 and walked one . The Astros have lost six of their past seven games . Florida has lost four of five . The Astros have lost six of their past seven games . Florida 's Hunter Pence went 0 - for - 4 and is hitless in his last 21 at - bats .
CLEVELAND -- The Kansas City Royals had n't won a game at Progressive Field . Ryan Shealy homered twice and drove in five runs to lead the Royals to a 13 - 3 win over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Shealy 's three - run homer in the eighth inning off Tom Mastny gave the Royals a 13 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Shealy , who hit a pair of two - run homers in Kansas City 's 7 - 5 win over the Indians on Tuesday night . The Royals ' 17 hits were one shy of their season high . Brian Bannister ( 8 - 15 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings for the Royals , who have won three straight and six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . Brian Bannister ( 8 - 15 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . The right - hander is 6 - 0 in his last seven starts . Jose Guillen had two hits and drove in two runs for the Royals , who have won three of four . Brian Bannister ( 8 - 15 ) allowed three runs and six hits over six innings . He struck out two and walked one . Jose Guillen had two hits and drove in two runs for the Royals , who have won three of four . Brian Bannister ( 8 - 15 ) allowed three runs and six hits over six innings . He struck out two and walked one . John Bale and Yasuhiko Yabuta combined for one - hit relief for the Royals , who have won three of four . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- Pittsburgh Pirates manager Clint Hurdle was happy to see the St. Louis Cardinals lose . Adam LaRoche drove in three runs , Nate McLouth homered and drove in two runs and the Pirates beat the Cardinals 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Adam LaRoche drove in three runs and Nate McLouth added a two - run homer as the Pirates won for the fifth time in six games . T. J. Beam ( 2 - 1 ) picked up the win with three innings of relief . Brad Thompson ( 5 - 3 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in 3 2/3 innings for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . T. J. Beam ( 2 - 1 ) picked up the win with three innings of relief . Brad Thompson ( 5 - 3 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in 3 2/3 innings for St. Louis , which has lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . Thompson ( 5 - 3 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out none . The Cardinals jumped on Thompson for three runs in the first inning , including a two - run double by LaRoche and a run - scoring single by Brandon Moss . The Pirates made it 6 - 0 in the second when McLouth hit a two - run double and scored on a single by Brandon Moss . The Pirates made it 6 - 0 in the second when McLouth hit a two - run double and scored on a single by Moss . The Pirates made it 6 - 0 in the second on RBI singles by LaRoche and LaRoche .
MIAMI -- The Florida Marlins have been waiting for Hanley Ramirez to get back in the game . Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the first inning , and the Marlins beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Johnson ( 5 - 1 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Matt Lindstrom pitched a scoreless ninth for his fourth save in five chances . Tim Redding ( 10 - 9 ) allowed four runs and five hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out five . Redding ( 10 - 9 ) allowed four runs and five hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out five . Redding ( 10 - 9 ) allowed four runs and five hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out five . The Nationals have lost five of their past six games . The Nationals have lost four of five . Redding allowed four runs and five hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out five . Redding allowed four runs and five hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out five . Redding allowed four runs and five hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out five . Redding allowed four runs and five hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out five . Redding allowed four runs and five hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out five . Redding allowed four runs and five hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out five . Redding allowed four runs and five hits in six innings .
CLEVELAND -- The Kansas City Royals have n't been able to do much better against the Cleveland Indians this season . Mark Teahen hit two solo home runs , Miguel Olivo had three hits and three RBIs and the Royals beat the Indians 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Miguel Olivo had three hits and three RBIs , and Miguel Olivo had three hits and three RBIs for the Royals , who have won four of five . Robinson Tejeda ( 2 - 2 ) gave up one run and two hits in five innings . Joakim Soria got the final out in the ninth for his 37th save in 38 chances . Ryan Shealy homered for the Royals , who have won four of five . Robinson Tejeda ( 2 - 2 ) gave up one run and two hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out two . Joakim Soria got the final out in the ninth for his 37th save . Ryan Garko hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Devon Lowery . Joakim Soria got the final out in the ninth for his 37th save . The Indians , who have lost six of seven , dropped to 2 - 6 on their 10 - game road trip . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 11 games under .500 . Bullington ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting for Brian Bannister to find a way to beat the Kansas City Royals . Justin Morneau hit a two - run homer , Nick Blackburn pitched seven solid innings and the Twins beat the Royals 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Brian Bannister ( 7 - 15 ) gave up seven runs and 10 hits in 3 2/3 innings for Kansas City , which has lost four of five . Bannister ( 7 - 15 ) gave up seven runs and 10 hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 5 in his last seven starts . The Royals have lost five of six and are a major league - worst 39 - 33 since the All-Star break . The Royals have lost five of six . Bannister ( 7 - 15 ) gave up a season - high seven runs and 10 hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 5 in his last seven starts . The Royals have lost five of six and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Bannister ( 7 - 15 ) gave up a season - high seven runs and 10 hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 5 in his last seven starts . The Royals took a 4 - 2 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Carlos Gomez and a run - scoring single by Buscher . The Royals took a 4 - 2 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Carlos Gomez and a run - scoring single by Buscher . The Royals went up 3 - 1 in the second on a sacrifice fly by Carlos Gomez and a run - scoring single by Buscher .
BALTIMORE -- Jeremy Sowers and the rest of the Cleveland Indians ' offense did n't have much to show for it . Sowers pitched eight innings of four - hit ball , and the Indians beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Sowers ( 3 - 8 ) gave up one run and four hits , struck out seven and walked one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in four starts since being recalled from Triple-A Columbus on June 3 . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in four starts since being recalled from Triple-A Columbus . Sowers ( 5 - 5 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts , but the right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 7.75 ERA in four starts since the All-Star break . Orioles starter Radhames Liz ( 5 - 5 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts , but the right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 7.75 ERA in four starts since the All-Star break . Orioles starter Radhames Liz ( 5 - 5 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Andy Marte . The Indians made it 3 - 0 in the fourth . Grady Sizemore drew a leadoff walk , stole second and scored on a triple by Andy Marte . The Indians made it 4 - 1 in the fifth when Andy Marte doubled in a run and scored on a double by Andy Marte .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- Justin Verlander was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . The Detroit right - hander allowed four runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings , and Magglio Ordonez hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning to lift the Tigers to a 6 - 4 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Magglio Ordonez hit a tying , two - run homer off Dennys Reyes in the eighth inning and Miguel Cabrera drove in two runs for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Clay Rapada ( 3 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his ninth save in as many chances . He gave up a leadoff single to Denard Span and walked Jason Kubel to load the bases for Carlos Gomez , who hit a two - run double to give the Twins a 4 - 1 lead . Clay Rapada ( 3 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his ninth save in as many chances . He gave up two singles and a walk , but struck out Joe Mauer and Joe Mauer to end the game . Clay Rapada ( 3 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his ninth save in as many chances . He gave up a leadoff single to Denard Span and walked Kubel to load the bases with no outs . But Rodney struck out Nick Punto and got Justin Morneau to fly out to right field to end it . The Twins have lost six of seven and are a major league - best 26 - 8 since the All-Star break .
ATLANTA -- Elijah Dukes was n't surprised by his first home run of the season . Dukes had a career - high four hits , including a tiebreaking homer in the 10th inning , and the Washington Nationals beat the Atlanta Braves 8 - 5 on Tuesday night . Langerhans ' homer in the second inning gave Washington a 1 - 0 lead , but the Nationals tied it at 2 in the third on Willie Harris ' solo homer and Willie Harris ' solo shot . Willie Harris led off the fourth with a homer , and Willie Harris and Willie Harris also homered for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Joel Hanrahan ( 6 - 3 ) gave up two runs in the ninth . Steven Shell pitched the 10th for his second save . Yunel Escobar hit a solo homer for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Joel Hanrahan ( 6 - 3 ) gave up two runs in the ninth before Steven Shell got the final three outs for his second save . Hampton gave up eight hits and five runs in seven innings . He has given up four home runs in his last three starts . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Gregor Blanco 's RBI single and Gregor Blanco 's run - scoring single in the second . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Brandon Jones and a run - scoring single by Gregor Blanco . The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Brandon Jones and a run - scoring single by Gregor Blanco . Redding allowed three runs and five hits in six innings .
MILWAUKEE -- CC Sabathia was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . He did n't need much run support for the Milwaukee Brewers . Sabathia drove in the winning run with an RBI single in the 11th inning , lifting the Brewers to a 3 - 2 victory over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night . Sabathia gave up one run and five hits in seven innings , striking out nine and walking two . Brian Shouse ( 5 - 1 ) got the final two outs in the 11th to earn the win . Brian Shouse ( 5 - 1 ) got the final two outs in the 11th to earn the win . Brian Shouse ( 5 - 1 ) got the final two outs in the 11th to earn the win . Brian Shouse ( 5 - 1 ) got the final two outs in the 11th to earn the win . Milwaukee starter Josh Geer gave up two runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Jason Kendall . The Brewers tied it at 1 in the fourth . Luis Rodriguez led off with a double and scored on Adrian Gonzalez 's fielder 's choice . Adrian Gonzalez drove in a run with a fielder 's choice . The Padres tied it at 1 in the fourth . Luis Rodriguez led off with a double and scored on Adrian Gonzalez 's fielder 's choice . Gonzalez walked and Gonzalez walked to load the bases . But Sabathia got Nick Hundley to ground into a double play and struck out Nick Hundley to end the inning .
SEATTLE -- Brandon Morrow did n't allow a hit until Derek Jeter 's two - out single in the seventh inning , and the Seattle Mariners beat the New York Yankees 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Morrow ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one run and one hit in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked three . J. J. Putz pitched the ninth for his 11th save in 13 chances . The Yankees have lost four of five . Pettitte ( 13 - 12 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked one . The Yankees have lost four of five . Pettitte ( 13 - 12 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked one . The Yankees have lost four of five . Pettitte ( 13 - 12 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked one . The Yankees have lost four of five . Pettitte ( 13 - 12 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked one . The Yankees have lost four of five . Pettitte ( 13 - 12 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked one . The Yankees have lost five of six . Pettitte ( 13 - 12 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked one . The Yankees have lost five of six . Pettitte ( 13 - 12 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked one .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- The New York Yankees have found a way to beat the Tampa Bay Rays . Alex Rodriguez homered and drove in four runs , Alex Rodriguez homered and drove in four runs , Alex Rodriguez homered and drove in four runs and the Yankees beat the Rays 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Alex Rodriguez had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in four runs to help the Yankees win for the sixth time in seven games . The Yankees have won six of seven and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . Rodriguez had three hits , including a two - run homer off Troy Percival in the ninth that made it 8 - 3 . Edwar Ramirez ( 5 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Edwin Jackson ( 11 - 9 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in 3 1/3 innings for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Edwar Ramirez ( 5 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Edwin Jackson ( 11 - 9 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in 3 1/3 innings for the Rays , who have lost four of five . The Yankees have lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven .
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting for Ryan Howard to find a way to beat the Philadelphia Phillies . Guzman had three hits and three RBIs , Cristian Guzman had three hits and three RBIs , and the Nationals beat the Phillies 9 - 7 on Tuesday night . Cristian Guzman had three hits and three RBIs , Cristian Guzman had three hits and three RBIs and Cristian Guzman had three hits and three RBIs , and Cristian Guzman had three hits and three RBIs for the Nationals . Ryan Howard hit two home runs and drove in four runs for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Ryan Howard homered twice and drove in four runs for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Ryan Howard hit two home runs and drove in four runs for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Ryan Howard hit two home runs and drove in four runs for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Ryan Howard hit two home runs and drove in four runs for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Howard hit a two - run homer in the first off Odalis Perez , who allowed three runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the third time this season . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Howard and a two - run shot by Howard . The Nationals tied it in the bottom of the first on a two - out RBI double by Kory Casto and a run - scoring single by Kory Casto .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- Mike Mussina and the New York Yankees are on a roll . Mussina pitched six innings of two - run ball , Alex Rodriguez homered and the Yankees beat the Tampa Bay Rays 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Mussina ( 17 - 7 ) allowed two runs and 10 hits in six - plus innings , striking out eight and walking one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in five career starts against the Rays , including 3 - 0 in his last five starts . Mussina ( 17 - 7 ) gave up two runs and 10 hits in six - plus innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Damaso Marte got four outs , Dan Giese worked the eighth and Damaso Marte got the final two outs of the ninth . Mussina ( 17 - 7 ) allowed two runs and 10 hits in six - plus innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Matt Garza ( 11 - 8 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- and five hits in five innings for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Garza ( 11 - 8 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- and five hits in five innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts against the Yankees , including a no - decision in his first start of the season . Garza was charged with six runs -- four earned -- and five hits in five innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts against the Yankees .
CINCINNATI -- Houston Astros manager Cecil Cooper came out of the dugout to talk to Hunter Pence in the ninth inning of a game for the first time in his career . Pence hit a two - run double off Francisco Cordero ( 0 - 1 ) , and Geoff Blum followed with a sacrifice fly to give the Astros a 4 - 1 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Pence 's two - run double off Francisco Cordero ( 0 - 1 ) gave the Astros a 3 - 1 lead , and Geoff Blum 's sacrifice fly made it 4 - 1 . Chris Sampson ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Lance Berkman and Lance Berkman homered for the Astros , who have won four of five . Chris Sampson ( 2 - 0 ) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief . Houston 's Johnny Cueto gave up seven hits and one run in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games .
ST. LOUIS -- The Chicago Cubs ' Kosuke Fukudome had a big night at the plate . Fukudome hit a three - run homer and drove in five runs to lead the Cubs to a 10 - 3 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Fukudome hit a three - run homer and drove in five runs , and Aaron Miles had three hits for the Cubs , who have won three of four . Rich Harden ( 2 - 1 ) gave up two runs and four hits in six innings for the Cubs , who have won three of four . Harden ( 2 - 1 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked two . Harden ( 2 - 1 ) gave up two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked two . Harden ( 2 - 1 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six - plus innings . He struck out nine and walked two . Harden ( 2 - 1 ) gave up two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked two . Harden ( 2 - 1 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out a season - high nine . Harden ( 2 - 1 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out a season - high nine . Harden ( 2 - 1 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out a season - high nine . Aaron Miles had three hits for the Cubs , who have won three of four . Harden ( 2 - 1 ) gave up two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked two . The Cardinals have won six of their last seven games against the Cardinals , who have the best record in the majors at 26 - 25 . The Cardinals have lost six of seven .
HOUSTON -- Ryan Braun had a big night for the Milwaukee Brewers . Fielder hit a go - ahead , three - run homer in the ninth inning and the Brewers beat the Houston Astros 9 - 8 on Tuesday night . Fielder hit a three - run homer in the sixth inning and a two - run shot off Jose Valverde in the ninth to give the Brewers an 8 - 7 lead . Fielder hit his first homer of the season , a two - run shot off Jose Valverde in the ninth . He also had an RBI single in the 11th . Michael Bourn hit his first homer of the season , a solo shot in the fifth , and Carlos Lee added a two - run homer for the Astros . Mark DiFelice ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . Milwaukee starter Mike Hampton allowed four runs and eight hits in six innings . He was replaced by Mark DiFelice ( 1 - 0 ) , who pitched 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief for his first major league win . Milwaukee starter Mike Hampton gave up four runs and eight hits in six innings . He was replaced by Mark DiFelice ( 1 - 0 ) , who pitched 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief for his first major league win . Milwaukee starter Mike Hampton gave up four runs and eight hits in six innings . He was replaced by Mark DiFelice ( 1 - 0 ) , who pitched 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief for his first major league win . Suppan allowed four runs -- three earned -- and four hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked four .
BALTIMORE -- Ian Kinsler and the Texas Rangers got their first win of the season . Kinsler homered twice and drove in three runs , Scott Feldman pitched five innings of one - run ball and the Texas Rangers beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Scott Feldman ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and one hit in five innings , and Frank Francisco got the final two outs for his fourth save . Mark Hendrickson ( 1 - 3 ) allowed six runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Hendrickson ( 1 - 3 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts , and the Orioles are 0 - 4 in their last seven games . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the first inning when Kinsler hit a 2 - 2 pitch into the left - field seats . It was his fourth leadoff homer of the season and second in two games . The Rangers made it 4 - 0 in the second when Jones hit a two - out RBI single and scored on a single by Wigginton .
TORONTO -- Rod Barajas ' first career postseason home run gave the Toronto Blue Jays a much - needed win . Barajas hit a pair of two - run homers , Rod Barajas hit a game - ending single in the 11th inning and the Blue Jays beat the Texas Rangers 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Barajas hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the fourth , giving the Blue Jays a 4 - 2 lead . Barajas hit a two - run homer in the fourth , his first of the postseason , and Barajas added a two - run drive in the fourth . Barajas hit a two - run homer in the second , his first of the postseason , and Barajas added a two - run drive in the fourth . Barajas hit a two - run homer in the second , his first of the postseason , and Barajas added a two - run drive in the fourth . The Blue Jays took a 7 - 3 lead in the sixth on a two - out RBI single by Kevin Millar and a run - scoring single by Adam Lind . Jason Frasor ( 3 - 0 ) worked two scoreless innings for the win . Toronto 's David Purcey allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out six . Michael Young had three hits , including a solo homer , and drove in two runs for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Texas starter David Purcey allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out six . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Barajas , his first of the year . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Barajas , his first of the year . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Barajas , his first of the year . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Barajas , his third . The Blue Jays answered with two in the third . Chris Davis led off with a double and scored on a two - out double by Marlon Byrd . The Rangers cut it to 5 - 3 in the fifth on a two - out RBI double by Young .
PITTSBURGH -- Jeff Karstens did n't allow a run in his first start of the season . The right - hander pitched six innings of three - hit ball and Freddy Sanchez homered to lead the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 3 - 2 victory over the Florida Marlins on Tuesday night . Karstens ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings with three strikeouts and two walks . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.05 ERA in four starts against the Marlins this season . Matt Capps pitched the ninth for his fourth save in four opportunities . Anibal Sanchez ( 1 - 1 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in seven innings , striking out six and walking two . Cameron Maybin hit a solo homer in the eighth for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Sanchez ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Marlins have lost five of their past six games . The Marlins have lost five of their past six games . The Marlins have lost five of their past six games . The Marlins have lost five of their past six games . The Marlins have lost five of their past six games . The Marlins have lost five of their past six games . The Marlins have lost five of their past six games . The Marlins have lost five of their past six games . The Marlins have lost five of their past six games . The Marlins have lost five of their past six games . The Marlins have lost five of their past six games .
NEW YORK -- Andy Pettitte and the rest of the New York Yankees have been waiting for him to get back on track . Pettitte pitched seven effective innings , Johnny Damon hit a tiebreaking homer and the Yankees beat the Oakland Athletics 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Pettitte ( 2 - 0 ) gave up two runs and nine hits in seven innings . He did not strike out a batter and did not strike out a batter for the first time this season . Mariano Rivera worked the ninth for his fourth save in four chances . Dana Eveland ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in four innings . He walked four and struck out three . Pettitte ( 2 - 0 ) gave up two runs and nine hits in seven innings . He did not strike out a batter and did not walk a batter . Mariano Rivera worked the ninth for his fourth save in four chances . Dana Eveland ( 0 - 1 ) gave up nine hits and four runs in four innings for the A 's . He struck out three and walked four . The A 's have lost five of their last six games at Yankee Stadium , dating to last season . The A 's have lost five of their last six games and have dropped eight of 10 overall . The A 's have lost five of their last six games and have dropped eight of 10 overall . The A 's have lost five of their last six games and have dropped eight of 10 overall . The A 's have lost six of seven . Oakland has lost five of six and is 1 - 6 in its last seven games . The A 's have lost six of seven .
CHICAGO -- Aaron Miles ' two - out , two - run double in the fifth inning gave the Chicago Cubs a 7 - 5 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . The Cubs took a 5 - 4 lead into the bottom of the inning , but the Cubs tied it in the bottom of the inning on Derrek Lee 's two - run double and Aaron Miles ' two - run double . Angel Guzman ( 1 - 0 ) worked out of a bases - loaded jam in the 11th to earn the win . Aramis Ramirez hit a two - out , two - run homer in the 11th for the Cubs , who have won four of five . Angel Guzman ( 1 - 0 ) worked out of a bases - loaded jam in the 11th to earn the win . Ryan Ludwick had an RBI double off Carlos Marmol in the eighth to tie it at 5 . Angel Guzman ( 1 - 0 ) worked out of a bases - loaded jam in the 11th to earn the win . Ryan Ludwick had a run - scoring single off Carlos Marmol in the eighth to tie it at 5 . The Cardinals tied it at 5 in the eighth on Yadier Molina 's RBI double off Carlos Marmol , who gave up a tying double to Ryan Theriot in the eighth . Angel Guzman ( 1 - 0 ) worked out of a bases - loaded jam in the 11th to earn the win . Ryan Ludwick had a run - scoring single off Carlos Marmol in the eighth off Carlos Marmol , who gave up an RBI double to Yadier Molina in the eighth to tie it at 5 .
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- Ichiro Suzuki did n't have to worry about his first career grand slam . Suzuki hit a grand slam and drove in four runs , leading the Seattle Mariners to an 11 - 3 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Suzuki had a two - run single in the seventh inning and a grand slam off Jason Bulger in the seventh to give the Mariners an 11 - 3 lead . It was the second grand slam of the season for Suzuki , who had a career - high four RBIs . He also had a two - run single in the seventh inning and a grand slam off Jason Bulger in the seventh to give Seattle an 11 - 3 lead . It was the second grand slam of the season for Suzuki , who came off the disabled list earlier in the day after missing two games with a sore right shoulder . Suzuki had a two - run single in the seventh inning and a grand slam off Jason Bulger in the seventh to give the Mariners an 11 - 3 lead . It was the second grand slam of the season for Suzuki , who had a career - high four RBIs . He also hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning of a 6 - 5 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Monday night . Suzuki had a two - run single in the seventh and a grand slam off Jason Bulger in the seventh to give the Mariners an 11 - 3 lead . It was the first grand slam by a Mariners player this season . It was the second grand slam of the season for Suzuki , who had a career - high four RBIs in his first game back from the disabled list . Endy Chavez and Endy Chavez also homered for the Mariners , who have won three of four . Torii Hunter had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in two runs for Los Angeles . Torii Hunter had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in two runs for Los Angeles . Torii Hunter had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Juan Rivera had two hits and drove in a run for the Angels , who have lost three of four . Weaver ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in five - plus innings . He struck out two and walked two . The Angels took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on Hunter 's two - run homer , his third of the season . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Russell Branyan doubled and scored on Franklin Gutierrez 's single . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Russell Branyan doubled and scored on Franklin Gutierrez 's single .
NEW YORK -- Carlos Delgado and the New York Mets are starting to feel good at the plate . Delgado hit his first homer of the season , Oliver Perez pitched six effective innings and the Mets beat the San Diego Padres 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Perez ( 1 - 1 ) allowed one run and three hits in six - plus innings , striking out four and walking two . Bobby Parnell worked a perfect eighth and Sean Green gave up a solo homer to Adrian Gonzalez in the ninth . Kevin Correia ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and five hits in five - plus innings . He struck out five and walked two . Kevin Correia ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and five hits in five - plus innings for the Padres . He struck out five and walked two . The Padres took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on an RBI single by Carlos Beltran and a double - play grounder by Carlos Beltran . The Padres cut it to 2 - 1 in the fifth on Scott Hairston 's two - out RBI single , and Scott Hairston hit an RBI single in the fifth to cut the Mets ' lead to 2 - 1 . Scott Hairston hit an RBI single in the fifth for San Diego , and Scott Hairston hit an RBI single in the fifth to cut the Mets ' lead to 2 - 1 . Scott Hairston hit an RBI single in the fifth for San Diego , and Scott Hairston hit an RBI single in the fifth to cut the Mets ' lead to 2 - 1 . Correia allowed two runs and five hits in five innings .
MILWAUKEE -- Bronson Arroyo did n't need much run support for the Cincinnati Reds . Arroyo pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Joey Votto had two hits and two RBIs and the Reds beat the Milwaukee Brewers 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Arroyo ( 2 - 0 ) walked four and struck out three in 6 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . Joey Votto had two hits and drove in two runs for the Reds , who have won four of five . Manny Parra ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out four . Parra ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out four . Brewers starter Manny Parra ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out four . Brewers starter Manny Parra ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out four . Brewers starter Manny Parra ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out four . Brewers starter Manny Parra ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out four . Brewers starter Manny Parra ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out four . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Brandon Phillips .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Erik Bedard has been one of the best pitchers in the majors . Bedard pitched shutout ball into the ninth inning , Mike Sweeney hit a run - scoring double in the seventh inning and the Seattle Mariners beat the Oakland Athletics 1 - 0 on Wednesday night . Bedard ( 1 - 0 ) struck out seven and walked one . Bedard ( 1 - 0 ) struck out seven and walked one in 8 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . David Aardsma got the final two outs for his second save . Trevor Cahill ( 0 - 1 ) gave up one run and two hits in seven innings for the A 's . He struck out three and walked three . Cahill ( 0 - 1 ) gave up one run and two hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out three . Cahill ( 0 - 1 ) gave up one run and two hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out three . The A 's have lost three of four . Cahill ( 0 - 1 ) , making his second start of the season , allowed one run and two hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out three . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh . Adrian Beltre led off with a double and scored on Sweeney 's double to right - center . The A 's had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Bedard struck out Jason Giambi to end the threat . Cahill allowed one run and two hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out three .
BALTIMORE -- Melvin Mora 's first career grand slam put the Baltimore Orioles ahead . Mora hit a grand slam and Jeremy Guthrie pitched six innings of five - hit ball , leading the Orioles to a 6 - 0 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Mora hit a grand slam in the first inning off Jeff Niemann ( 0 - 1 ) , who allowed six runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in six career starts against the Orioles . Tampa Bay went up 5 - 0 in the first inning against Jeff Niemann ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up six runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . The right - hander walked four and struck out three . Tampa Bay starter Jeff Niemann ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . Tampa Bay starter Jeff Niemann ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . Tampa Bay starter Jeff Niemann ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . Tampa Bay starter Jeff Niemann ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . Tampa Bay starter Jeff Niemann ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . Tampa Bay starter Jeff Niemann ( 0 - 1 ) allowed six runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres finally got their first win of the season . Scott Hairston hit a three - run homer , Scott Hairston had a three - run shot and the Padres beat the San Francisco Giants 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Scott Hairston hit a three - run homer in the eighth inning and Scott Hairston added a three - run shot in the eighth for the Padres , who have won four of five . Shawn Hill ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in five - plus innings , struck out three and walked one . The right - hander was recalled from Triple-A Tucson on Tuesday after being recalled from Triple-A Tucson . Hill ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in five - plus innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Giants have lost four of five . Zito ( 0 - 1 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in four - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Giants scored an unearned run in the ninth off Edwin Moreno . Emmanuel Burriss doubled and scored on Randy Winn 's single to center . Bengie Molina followed with an RBI single to cut the Padres ' lead to 4 - 2 . The Giants scored an unearned run in the ninth off Edwin Moreno . Bengie Molina singled in Emmanuel Burriss to make it 7 - 3 . Bengie Molina followed with an RBI single to cut the Padres ' lead to 7 - 3 . The Giants scored an unearned run in the ninth off Edwin Moreno , who allowed an unearned run on Bengie Molina 's RBI single .
CINCINNATI -- The New York Mets have been waiting for Carlos Delgado to find a way to beat the Cincinnati Reds . Delgado hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs , Brian Schneider added a three - run double and the Mets beat the Cincinnati Reds 9 - 7 on Wednesday night . Delgado hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Edinson Volquez ( 0 - 1 ) , who allowed five runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 4 1/3 innings . Delgado 's two - run homer in the first inning gave the Mets a 2 - 0 lead . Delgado 's two - run homer in the first off Edinson Volquez ( 0 - 1 ) gave the Mets a 2 - 0 lead . Delgado 's two - run homer in the first inning gave the Mets a 2 - 0 lead . Delgado 's two - run homer in the first gave the Mets a 2 - 0 lead . Delgado 's two - run single in the fifth gave the Mets a 5 - 4 lead . Delgado 's two - run homer in the first inning gave the Mets a 2 - 0 lead . Delgado 's two - run single in the fifth gave the Mets a 5 - 4 lead . The Mets loaded the bases with one out in the seventh , but Bobby Parnell struck out Edwin Encarnacion and Edwin Encarnacion to end the threat . Votto had three hits , including a three - run homer in the first inning off Pelfrey , who gave up four runs and five hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out two . Volquez allowed five runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 4 1/3 innings .
PHOENIX -- Franklin Morales did n't allow a hit until Stephen Drew 's home run in the bottom of the first inning , and the Colorado Rockies beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 9 - 2 on Tuesday night . Morales ( 1 - 0 ) struck out six and walked one in his first start of the season . He struck out six and walked one . Manny Corpas pitched a scoreless seventh , Manny Corpas pitched the seventh and Manny Corpas pitched the ninth to complete the five - hitter . Doug Davis ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and four hits in five innings for the Diamondbacks . He struck out four and walked four . Stephen Drew hit his first home run of the season for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Davis ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked four . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Fowler led off with his first career leadoff homer , a drive into the left - field seats . It was his first leadoff homer of the season . The Rockies took a 4 - 1 lead in the third on a two - run double by Ryan Spilborghs and a sacrifice fly by Garrett Atkins . Fowler led off the seventh with his second home run of the season , a solo shot off reliever Billy Buckner that made it 6 - 1 . The Rockies added two runs in the ninth . Fowler led off the game with a home run , his first of the season , to put the Rockies up 1 - 0 . Fowler led off the game with his first home run of the season .
TORONTO -- The Detroit Tigers have been waiting for Edwin Jackson to pitch out of the gate . Aaron Hill hit a go - ahead , three - run homer in the eighth inning and the Toronto Blue Jays rallied to beat the Detroit Tigers 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Hill hit a three - run homer off Brandon Lyon ( 0 - 1 ) to give the Blue Jays a 4 - 3 lead in the eighth , but the Blue Jays rallied in the eighth against Brandon Lyon ( 0 - 1 ) . Hill hit a three - run homer off Brandon Lyon ( 0 - 1 ) , and Rod Barajas hit a sacrifice fly in the bottom half . Toronto 's David Purcey allowed three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out five . Purcey allowed three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out five . Detroit starter David Purcey allowed three runs , two earned , and five hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out five . Purcey allowed three runs , two earned , and five hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out five . Purcey allowed three runs , two earned , and five hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out five . Purcey allowed three runs , two earned , and five hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out five . Purcey allowed three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out five .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants have been waiting for Rich Aurilia to find a way to beat the St. Louis Cardinals . Aurilia hit a tiebreaking homer in the seventh inning and the Giants beat Adam Wainwright and the Cardinals 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Aurilia hit a leadoff homer in the seventh off Adam Wainwright ( 5 - 3 ) , who gave up four runs and 10 hits in seven - plus innings . Merkin Valdez ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Brian Wilson pitched the ninth for his 12th save in 14 chances . Wainwright ( 5 - 3 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Giants have lost five of their last six games and have lost five of their last six . Wainwright ( 5 - 3 ) gave up four runs -- four earned -- and 10 hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out three . Merkin Valdez ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . Brian Wilson pitched the ninth for his 12th save in 14 chances . Wainwright ( 5 - 3 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in seven - plus innings . He walked two and struck out three . Wainwright ( 5 - 3 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out three . Wainwright ( 5 - 3 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Randy Winn 's sacrifice fly .
NEW YORK -- Daniel Murphy had a big night at the plate . Murphy hit a two - run homer and drove in five runs , Johan Santana struck out 11 in six innings and the New York Mets beat the Washington Nationals 7 - 4 Sunday for a three - game sweep . Johan Santana struck out a career - high 11 in six innings for the Mets , who have won four of five . Santana ( 7 - 2 ) allowed three hits and three runs in six innings , walking six and striking out a season - high 11 . Jordan Zimmermann ( 2 - 2 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Adam Dunn hit a two - run homer and Nick Johnson had three hits for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Nick Johnson had three hits and an RBI for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Nick Johnson had three hits and an RBI for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Nick Johnson had three hits and an RBI for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Nick Johnson had three hits and an RBI for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Nick Johnson had three hits and an RBI for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Zimmermann ( 2 - 2 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The Nationals took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run double by Sheffield and a run - scoring single by Nick Johnson .
ST. LOUIS -- The Kansas City Royals have been waiting for pinch - hitter Mike Jacobs and the rest of the Kansas City Royals . Jacobs hit a go - ahead single in the seventh inning and the Royals beat the St. Louis Cardinals 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Brian Bannister ( 4 - 1 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in six innings for the Royals , who have won four of five . Bannister ( 4 - 1 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . Juan Cruz pitched the ninth for his second save in three chances . Joel Pineiro ( 5 - 4 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in seven innings for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost five of six . Pineiro ( 5 - 4 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked none . The Cardinals scored in the first on an RBI double by Yadier Molina and a run - scoring single by Yadier Molina . The Cardinals tied it in the sixth on Yadier Molina 's two - out RBI single and Pineiro 's RBI single . Bannister ( 4 - 1 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . Juan Cruz pitched the ninth for his second save in three chances . Pineiro , who had a career - high two hits , gave up three runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out three , walked none and hit a batter with a pitch .
NEW YORK -- Alex Rodriguez hit a tying , two - run homer off Brad Lidge in the ninth inning , and the New York Yankees rallied for three runs in the ninth to beat the Philadelphia Phillies 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Lidge ( 0 - 2 ) gave up a one - out single to Robinson Cano and walked Johnny Damon to load the bases . Rodriguez hit a full - count pitch into the right - field seats for his 15th homer of the season , tying it at 4 . Lidge ( 0 - 2 ) came on to face Rodriguez , who hit a full - count pitch over the wall in right - center to tie it at 4 . Lidge ( 0 - 2 ) gave up a single to Robinson Cano and a walk to Johnny Damon before Rodriguez lined a 3 - 2 pitch into the right - field seats . Lidge ( 0 - 2 ) gave up a single to Robinson Cano and a walk to Johnny Damon before Rodriguez lined a 3 - 2 pitch into the right - field seats . Jose Veras ( 3 - 1 ) got the final out in the ninth to earn the win . Raul Ibanez hit a solo homer for the Phillies , who have lost four of six . Jose Veras ( 3 - 1 ) got the final out in the ninth to earn the win . Raul Ibanez hit a solo homer for the Phillies , who have lost four of six . Andy Pettitte gave up four runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . Raul Ibanez hit a solo homer in the second for the Phillies .
CINCINNATI -- Bronson Arroyo has been one of the best pitchers in the majors . The right - hander pitched eight innings of five - hit ball , and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Cleveland Indians 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Arroyo ( 6 - 3 ) gave up five hits and one run with two walks and two strikeouts . The right - hander is 3 - 1 in his last five starts . Francisco Cordero pitched a perfect ninth for his 11th save in 13 chances . The Indians have lost six of their last seven games . The Indians have lost five of their last six games . The Indians have lost five of their last six games . Cleveland starter Anthony Reyes left after three innings with a strained muscle in his left side . Alex Gonzalez had three hits , including a run - scoring double in the eighth off Aaron Laffey ( 3 - 1 ) . Francisco Cordero pitched a perfect ninth for his 11th save in 13 chances . The Indians have lost six of their last seven games . Cleveland starter Anthony Reyes left after three innings with a strained muscle in his left side . He allowed two hits and a run with a season - high six walks and one strikeout . Cleveland starter Anthony Reyes left after three innings with a strained muscle in his left side . He was replaced by Jensen Lewis , who gave up a single by Alex Gonzalez in the eighth . Laffey was recalled from Triple-A Columbus to start in place of the injured Scott Lewis , who was placed on the 15 - day disabled list with a strained muscle in his left side . The Indians have lost five of their last six games . The Indians have lost five of their last six games .
HOUSTON -- Elvis Andrus and the rest of the Texas Rangers ' batting order could n't come up with a big hit . Andrus had four hits , including a solo homer in the 10th inning , and the Rangers beat the Houston Astros 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Andrus had four hits , including a solo homer in the 10th inning off LaTroy Hawkins ( 1 - 3 ) , and Michael Young had three hits and drove in a run . Darren O'Day ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 hitless innings for the win . Frank Francisco worked the 10th for his 10th save . Lance Berkman hit a three - run homer and Michael Bourn had three hits for the Astros . Michael Young had three hits and drove in a run for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Frank Francisco pitched the 10th for his 10th save . Michael Young had three hits and drove in a run for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Frank Francisco pitched the 10th for his 10th save . Michael Young had three hits and drove in a run for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Frank Francisco pitched the 10th for his 10th save . Michael Young had three hits and drove in a run for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Frank Francisco pitched the 10th for his 10th save . Michael Bourn had three hits and drove in a run for the Astros . Michael Bourn had three hits and drove in a run for the Astros . Houston starter Felipe Paulino allowed seven hits and four runs with two walks in 5 1/3 innings .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Billy Buckner 's first win of the season was a big reason for the Arizona Diamondbacks . Buckner pitched into the eighth inning for his first major league win , Chris Young homered and the Diamondbacks beat the Oakland Athletics 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Buckner ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and five hits in 7 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . Jon Rauch pitched the ninth for his second save . Trevor Cahill ( 2 - 4 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 7 1/3 innings for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Cahill ( 2 - 4 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 7 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out five . Cahill ( 2 - 4 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 7 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out five . Cahill ( 2 - 4 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 7 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out five . The A 's have lost five of their last six games . Cahill ( 2 - 4 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 7 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out five . The A 's have lost five of their last six games and have scored only seven runs in their last five games . Oakland 's Trevor Cahill ( 2 - 4 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 7 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out five . The A 's went ahead 2 - 1 in the fifth on Gerardo Parra 's RBI single .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres have been struggling at the plate this season . Chris Young pitched six strong innings , Nick Hundley and Scott Hairston hit solo home runs and the Padres beat the San Francisco Giants 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Young ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings , struck out six and walked three . Heath Bell pitched a perfect ninth for his 10th save in 11 chances . Zito ( 1 - 4 ) allowed two runs and five hits in eight innings , struck out three and walked four . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . Zito ( 1 - 4 ) allowed two runs and five hits in eight innings , struck out three and walked four . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . San Francisco 's Randy Winn had three hits for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Zito ( 1 - 4 ) allowed two runs and five hits in eight innings , struck out three and walked four . He has lost four of his last five starts . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . Hairston hit a solo homer in the first , his first , in the second . The Giants cut it to 2 - 1 in the sixth on Emmanuel Burriss ' run - scoring fielder 's choice and Emmanuel Burriss ' run - scoring fielder 's choice . San Francisco had runners on first and third with one out in the seventh , but Young struck out Eugenio Velez and Kevin Frandsen to end the threat .
MIAMI -- Arizona Diamondbacks manager A. J. Hinch came out of the dugout for a curtain call , and the Arizona Diamondbacks ' 5 - 3 victory over the Florida Marlins on Tuesday night . Mark Reynolds and Mark Reynolds hit solo home runs , Jon Garland ( 4 - 2 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in six - plus innings for the Diamondbacks . Garland ( 4 - 2 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out three and walked one . Garland ( 4 - 2 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out three and walked one . Chad Qualls worked the ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . Hanley Ramirez homered and Jorge Cantu had three hits for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Jon Garland ( 4 - 2 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out three and walked one . Chad Qualls worked the ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . Florida 's Jon Garland ( 4 - 2 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out three and walked one . Chad Qualls worked the ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . The Marlins have lost five of their past six games . Florida 's Jon Garland ( 4 - 2 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out three and walked one . Chad Qualls pitched a scoreless ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . Florida 's Hanley Ramirez homered in the sixth for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Florida went ahead 2 - 0 in the sixth when Ross doubled and scored on Dan Uggla 's single .
ST. LOUIS -- Joel Pineiro pitched a three - hitter and Colby Rasmus hit a two - run homer to lead the St. Louis Cardinals to a 3 - 0 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Pineiro ( 5 - 3 ) struck out five and walked none in his second career shutout and third complete game of the season . He threw 92 pitches , walked none and struck out five . Colby Rasmus hit a two - run homer for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Ted Lilly ( 5 - 3 ) gave up three runs and four hits in seven innings for the Cubs . He struck out five and walked three . Lilly ( 5 - 3 ) gave up three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked three . Lilly ( 5 - 3 ) gave up three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked three . Lilly ( 5 - 3 ) gave up three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked three . The Cubs have lost six of seven and are 1 - 6 against the Cubs this season . The Cubs have been shut out three times in their last three games , including three in a row . The Cubs have lost four of five . Lilly ( 5 - 3 ) gave up three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked three . The Cubs have been shut out three times this season and have scored only three runs in their last three games . The Cubs have lost six of seven .
ATLANTA -- The Atlanta Braves have found a way to beat the Arizona Diamondbacks . Yunel Escobar hit a sacrifice fly in the bottom of the ninth inning , and the Braves beat the Diamondbacks 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Chipper Jones hit his first homer of the season , a solo shot in the third inning off Arizona starter Doug Davis , and Jordan Schafer drove in a run with a single in the ninth . Michael Gonzalez ( 2 - 0 ) gave up Stephen Drew 's leadoff homer in the top of the ninth . Gonzalez ( 2 - 0 ) gave up Stephen Drew 's leadoff homer in the top of the ninth . Gonzalez ( 2 - 0 ) gave up Stephen Drew 's leadoff homer in the top of the ninth . Gonzalez ( 2 - 0 ) gave up Stephen Drew 's leadoff homer in the top of the ninth , but got Chris Young to ground into a game - ending double play . Arizona starter Doug Davis gave up three runs , two earned , and four hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked none . Arizona starter Javier Vazquez allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out a season - high 10 . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Justin Upton 's RBI triple and Gerardo Parra 's run - scoring groundout . The Diamondbacks tied it in the second . Jeff Francoeur led off with a double and scored on Jordan Schafer 's fielder 's choice grounder . Yunel Escobar drove in Schafer with a fielder 's choice grounder . The Diamondbacks tied it in the second . Jeff Francoeur led off with a single , moved to third on Davis ' single and scored on Yunel Escobar 's fielder 's choice grounder . Schafer advanced to third on Davis ' throwing error and scored on Yunel Escobar 's sacrifice fly .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Hank Blalock 's first game - ending homer of the season gave the Texas Rangers a 3 - 2 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . Davis hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning off Brandon Morrow ( 0 - 3 ) , who allowed three runs in one - third of an inning . Morrow ( 0 - 3 ) gave up three runs and three hits while getting just one out . Morrow ( 0 - 3 ) gave up three runs and three hits while getting just one out . Morrow ( 0 - 3 ) gave up three runs and three hits while getting just one out . Morrow ( 0 - 3 ) gave up three runs and three hits while getting just one out . Morrow ( 0 - 3 ) gave up three runs and three hits while getting just one out . Morrow ( 0 - 3 ) gave up three runs and three hits while getting just one out . Morrow ( 0 - 3 ) gave up three runs and three hits while getting just one out . Morrow ( 0 - 3 ) gave up three runs and three hits in one - third of an inning . Morrow ( 0 - 3 ) gave up three runs and three hits in one - third of an inning . Morrow ( 0 - 3 ) gave up three runs and three hits in just one of an inning . Morrow ( 0 - 3 ) gave up three runs and three hits in just one of an inning . Morrow ( 0 - 3 ) gave up three runs and three hits in just one of an inning . The right - hander struck out six , walked two and hit a batter . Hernandez allowed four hits , walked two and struck out six in seven innings . The right - hander had been 0 - 3 in his previous five starts against the Rangers this season , including a 3 - 2 victory on April 11 . Hernandez allowed four hits , walked two and struck out six in seven innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts .
MILWAUKEE -- Trevor Hoffman has been a big part of the Milwaukee Brewers ' rotation . Prince Fielder hit a go - ahead solo homer in the fifth inning , Bush pitched seven strong innings and the Brewers beat the Florida Marlins 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Bush ( 2 - 0 ) allowed three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Trevor Hoffman pitched a perfect ninth for his eighth save in 10 chances . The Brewers have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Milwaukee has won three straight and eight of 10 . The Brewers have lost five of six . Milwaukee has lost five of six . The Marlins have lost five of six . The Marlins have lost six of seven and eight of 10 . The Marlins have lost six of their last seven games . Milwaukee has lost five of six . The Marlins have lost five of six . Florida 's Josh Johnson gave up three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in four innings . He walked five and struck out three . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Dan Uggla led off with a double and scored on Emilio Bonifacio 's double - play grounder . Florida took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Dan Uggla led off with a double and scored on Bush 's wild pitch . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Dan Uggla led off with a double and scored on Bush 's wild pitch . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Dan Uggla led off with a double and scored on Bush 's wild pitch .
TORONTO -- The New York Yankees have been waiting for Andy Pettitte to find a way to beat the Toronto Blue Jays . Pettitte pitched six effective innings , Brett Gardner hit a two - run homer and the Yankees beat the Blue Jays 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Pettitte ( 3 - 1 ) allowed two runs , one earned , and five hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out two . Pettitte ( 3 - 1 ) allowed two runs , one earned , and five hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out two . Pettitte ( 3 - 1 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and five hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out two . Pettitte ( 3 - 1 ) allowed two runs , one earned , and five hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out two . Alfredo Aceves worked two scoreless innings , Jonathan Albaladejo worked the seventh and Jonathan Albaladejo finished for the Yankees . Pettitte ( 3 - 1 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and five hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out two . Alfredo Aceves worked two scoreless innings , Jonathan Albaladejo worked the seventh and Jonathan Albaladejo worked the seventh . Alfredo Aceves worked two scoreless innings , Jonathan Albaladejo worked the seventh and Jonathan Albaladejo worked the eighth . Alfredo Aceves worked two scoreless innings , Jonathan Albaladejo worked the seventh and Jonathan Albaladejo worked the eighth . Alfredo Aceves worked two scoreless innings , Jonathan Albaladejo allowed one hit in the seventh and Jonathan Albaladejo finished it by getting Scott Rolen to ground into an inning - ending double play with runners at first and second in the eighth .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants have been waiting for Pablo Sandoval to come through in a big way . Sandoval hit a three - run homer with two outs in the ninth inning , and the Giants beat the Washington Nationals 9 - 7 on Tuesday night . Bengie Molina and Bengie Molina also homered for the Giants , who have won four of five . Brandon Medders ( 2 - 1 ) earned the win with two outs in the ninth . Nick Johnson hit a three - run homer and drove in five runs for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Brandon Medders ( 2 - 1 ) earned the win with two - thirds of an inning . Joe Beimel ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up a two - run homer to Bengie Molina in the ninth . It was the first game - ending hit of the season for Sandoval , who is hitting .303 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last 10 games . The Giants scored five times in the fourth to take a 5 - 1 lead . Renteria hit a two - run single to give the Giants a 5 - 1 lead . Johnson hit a three - run homer in the seventh off Matt Cain , who allowed four runs and nine hits in seven - plus innings . He walked one and struck out a season - high eight . Cain gave up four runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Nationals took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run double by Edgar Renteria and a two - run single by Winn .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Josh Hamilton and the Texas Rangers had a big night at the plate . Hamilton hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Rangers beat the Seattle Mariners 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Davis also had three hits for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Derek Holland ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 hitless innings for the win . Josh Hamilton hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Derek Holland ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 hitless innings for the win . Josh Hamilton hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Derek Holland ( 1 - 1 ) got the win with 1 2/3 hitless innings of relief . Josh Hamilton hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Derek Holland ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 hitless innings for the win . Texas starter Jason Vargas allowed one run and five hits over five innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Mariners tied it in the seventh on Kenji Johjima 's one - out double that scored Franklin Gutierrez , who led off with a double . The Mariners tied it in the seventh on Kenji Johjima 's one - out double that scored Franklin Gutierrez , who led off the inning with a single . The Mariners had only one hit in the first five innings , but Feldman got out of that jam with runners on second and third in the fourth .
CHICAGO -- Vicente Padilla gave up a one - out single to Carlos Quentin in the second inning , then settled down to retire the next three batters . He did n't allow a hit until Carlos Quentin 's one - out single in the fifth inning , and the Texas Rangers beat the Chicago White Sox 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Padilla ( 2 - 2 ) gave up one hit and one run in seven innings . He walked four and struck out one . Padilla ( 2 - 3 ) gave up five runs and five hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Colon ( 2 - 3 ) gave up five runs and five hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . The White Sox have lost four of five . Colon ( 2 - 3 ) gave up five runs and five hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Blalock hit a 2 - 1 pitch into the left - field seats for his first home run of the season . The Rangers tied it in the second when Jermaine Dye hit a one - out double and scored on Paul Konerko 's wild pitch . Chicago tied it in the second when Jermaine Dye hit a one - out double and scored on Nelson Cruz 's wild pitch . The Rangers tied it in the second when Jermaine Dye hit a one - out double and scored on Nelson Cruz 's two - out wild pitch . Blalock hit a solo shot in the seventh off D. J. Carrasco , who was making his major league debut .
CHICAGO -- White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen had no idea what to expect from John Danks . The White Sox right - hander struck out a career - high 10 in six innings , leading the White Sox to a 3 - 2 victory over the Texas Rangers on Tuesday night . Danks allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out 10 and walked one . The White Sox won for just the second time in eight games . Scott Linebrink ( 1 - 1 ) pitched one inning for the win and Bobby Jenks worked a perfect ninth for his seventh save in seven chances . Kevin Millwood ( 3 - 3 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings for the Rangers , who have lost five of six . Millwood ( 3 - 3 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out two and walked three . The White Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth when Jermaine Dye hit an RBI double and scored on Paul Konerko 's sacrifice fly . Millwood ( 3 - 3 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Rangers tied it at 1 in the fifth . Jarrod Saltalamacchia led off with a double and scored on Ian Kinsler 's two - out single . The Rangers tied it in the fifth on Elvis Andrus ' two - out RBI single . The Rangers tied it in the fifth on Elvis Andrus ' two - out RBI single . The Rangers tied it in the fifth on Elvis Andrus ' two - out RBI single . The Rangers tied it at 1 in the fifth on an RBI single by Elvis Andrus .
PHILADELPHIA -- Javier Vazquez has been a big part of the Atlanta Braves ' rotation . Vazquez pitched into the eighth inning and Yunel Escobar hit a two - run homer , leading the Braves to a 6 - 2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Vazquez ( 3 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter . Vazquez ( 3 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Vazquez ( 3 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Vazquez ( 3 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Phillies have lost five of six . Blanton ( 1 - 3 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in eight innings . The Phillies have lost four of five . Blanton ( 1 - 3 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in eight innings . The Phillies have lost four of five . Blanton ( 1 - 3 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in eight innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Phillies jumped ahead 1 - 0 in the second on Kelly Johnson 's RBI single . The Phillies tied it at 1 in the fourth on Raul Ibanez 's solo shot to right . Blanton retired the next two batters before walking Garret Anderson to load the bases . Kelly Johnson followed with an RBI double to put the Braves up 2 - 1 . Kelly Johnson followed with an RBI double to make it 2 - 1 . Kelly Johnson followed with an RBI double to make it 2 - 1 . Jeff Francoeur 's RBI single made it 2 - 1 . Jeff Francoeur 's RBI single made it 2 - 1 in the fifth .
LOS ANGELES -- Eric Stults threw his first career complete game and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the San Francisco Giants 8 - 0 on Tuesday night . Stults ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a four - hitter for his first career complete game . He allowed four hits , struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The right - hander threw 80 of his 123 pitches for strikes , struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Stults ( 4 - 1 ) struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . He threw 80 of his 123 pitches for strikes in his first complete game of the season . He threw 123 pitches in his first career complete game . Stults ( 4 - 1 ) struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . He threw 80 of his 123 pitches for strikes in his first complete game of the season . He threw 123 pitches in his first career complete game . Jonathan Sanchez ( 1 - 3 ) gave up five runs -- five earned -- and six hits in five innings for the Giants . He struck out four and walked four in his first career start against the Dodgers . Jonathan Sanchez ( 1 - 3 ) gave up five runs -- five earned -- and six hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked four in his first career start against the Dodgers . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a first - inning run - scoring double by Castro and a two - out , two - run double by Juan Castro . Sanchez ( 1 - 3 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings , struck out four and walked four .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox did n't have much to celebrate . Jason Bay hit a three - run homer and Tim Wakefield pitched six strong innings to lead the Red Sox to a 13 - 3 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Dustin Pedroia had two hits and three RBIs , and Julio Lugo went 3 - for - 5 with three runs scored for the Red Sox , who have won four of five . Jeremy Sowers ( 0 - 1 ) gave up seven runs and seven hits in five - plus innings for Cleveland . The Red Sox scored five runs in the sixth to chase Jeremy Sowers ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up seven runs and seven hits in five - plus innings . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on George Kottaras ' RBI single . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a single by Rocco Baldelli and a run - scoring single by George Kottaras . The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on Asdrubal Cabrera 's sacrifice fly and Asdrubal Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . The Red Sox scored five runs in the sixth to chase Sowers , who gave up seven hits and seven runs -- seven earned -- with three walks and one strikeout . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by George Kottaras . The Indians tied it in the fifth on Asdrubal Cabrera 's sacrifice fly and Asdrubal Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on Asdrubal Cabrera 's sacrifice fly and Asdrubal Cabrera 's sacrifice fly .
WASHINGTON -- Cristian Guzman and the Washington Nationals finally found a way to beat the Houston Astros . Guzman 's two - run homer in the eighth inning lifted the Nationals to an 11 - 10 victory over the Astros on Tuesday night . Guzman 's two - run homer in the bottom of the eighth gave the Nationals a 10 - 9 lead . It was the first game - ending hit of the season for Guzman , who had three hits , including a two - run homer off Geoff Geary in the eighth . Joel Hanrahan ( 1 - 1 ) pitched the 11th for the win . Miguel Tejada had three hits , including a two - run double , and Miguel Tejada had three hits and three RBIs for the Astros . Miguel Tejada had three hits , including a two - run double , and Miguel Tejada had three hits and three RBIs for the Astros . Miguel Tejada had three hits and three RBIs for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Houston starter Scott Olsen gave up five runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . Houston starter Scott Olsen gave up five runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . Houston starter Scott Olsen gave up five runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . Houston starter Scott Olsen gave up five runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . Houston starter Scott Olsen allowed five runs and six hits in five - plus innings .
DETROIT -- Miguel Cabrera had a big night for the Detroit Tigers . Cabrera hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs , Rick Porcello pitched seven innings of four - hit ball and the Tigers beat the Minnesota Twins 9 - 0 on Tuesday night . Cabrera hit a two - run triple in the second inning and a two - run homer in the fourth . He also had an RBI double in the second and a two - run homer in the fourth . Curtis Granderson and Curtis Granderson also homered for the Tigers , who have won three of four . Porcello ( 2 - 3 ) allowed four hits , walked three and struck out three . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in three starts against the Twins this season . Porcello ( 2 - 3 ) allowed four hits and three walks while striking out three . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in three starts against the Twins this season . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 .
SEATTLE -- Chris Davis has been a big part of the Texas Rangers ' offense . Davis hit a two - run homer , Kevin Millwood pitched effectively into the eighth inning and the Rangers beat the Seattle Mariners 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Davis hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning off Felix Hernandez ( 4 - 1 ) to give the Rangers a 4 - 0 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Hernandez ( 4 - 1 ) , who allowed a season - high six runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . Hernandez ( 4 - 1 ) gave up 10 hits and six runs in six innings . He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . Hernandez ( 4 - 1 ) gave up 10 hits and six runs in six innings . He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . Hernandez ( 4 - 1 ) gave up 10 hits and six runs in six innings . He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . Hernandez ( 4 - 1 ) gave up 10 hits and six runs in six innings . He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . Hernandez ( 4 - 1 ) was tagged for a season - high six runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . Hernandez ( 4 - 1 ) was tagged for a season - high six runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . Hernandez ( 4 - 1 ) was tagged for a season - high six runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . Hernandez ( 4 - 1 ) gave up 10 hits and six runs in six innings . He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . Hernandez ( 4 - 1 ) gave up 10 hits and six runs in six innings . He struck out nine and walked none .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Kansas City Royals have n't had much success against the Minnesota Twins this season . Jose Guillen hit a three - run homer off Scott Baker in the seventh inning , and the Royals beat the Twins 7 - 5 on Wednesday night . Jose Guillen hit a three - run homer and Alberto Callaspo had a go - ahead , two - run double in the seventh inning to help the Royals win for the sixth time in seven games . The Royals have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . Gil Meche ( 2 - 2 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings for the Royals , who have won four of five . Scott Baker ( 0 - 4 ) gave up five runs and five hits in six - plus innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Baker ( 0 - 4 ) gave up five runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . Baker ( 0 - 4 ) gave up five runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one in his first start of the season . Baker ( 0 - 4 ) gave up five runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one in his first start of the season . Baker ( 0 - 4 ) gave up five runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one in his first start of the season . Baker ( 0 - 4 ) gave up five runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one .
SEATTLE -- Mike Sweeney and the rest of the Seattle Mariners ' lineup had a big hit . Sweeney hit a tying homer in the ninth inning and the Mariners rallied for an 8 - 7 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . Jose Lopez led off the 15th with a single off Dana Eveland ( 1 - 2 ) and advanced to second on Eveland 's errant pickoff attempt . Jose Lopez followed with an RBI single , and Jose Lopez scored on Jose Lopez 's single to give the Mariners a 5 - 4 lead . Jose Lopez followed with an RBI single , and Jose Lopez scored on Jose Lopez 's single to make it 4 - 3 . Jason Vargas ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 2 1/3 innings of scoreless relief for his first major league win . He struck out four and gave up two hits , including a two - run double by Landon Powell with two outs in the 13th to make it 6 - 4 . Jason Vargas ( 1 - 0 ) got the win with 2 1/3 innings of two - hit relief , striking out four in a career - high 45 pitches . Seattle starter Gio Gonzalez gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked four . The A 's have lost five of six . Oakland starter Gio Gonzalez gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked four . The A 's had a season - high 16 hits , including a pair of two - run homers by Jack Cust , who had a two - run shot in the first off Chris Jakubauskas . The A 's tied it at 2 in the fifth on Orlando Cabrera 's RBI single and a sacrifice fly by Sweeney . Seattle starter Gio Gonzalez allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked four .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Ryan Spilborghs had a big night at the plate . Spilborghs homered twice and drove in three runs , Jason Marquis pitched a five - hitter and the Colorado Rockies beat the San Francisco Giants 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Marquis ( 4 - 1 ) allowed one run and five hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out four and walked one in his second complete game of the season . Pablo Sandoval homered for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Cain ( 2 - 1 ) was tagged for five runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out three . Cain ( 2 - 1 ) was tagged for five runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out three . Pablo Sandoval hit his first home run of the season for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Cain ( 2 - 1 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out three . Pablo Sandoval hit his first home run of the season for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Cain ( 2 - 1 ) was tagged for five runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . San Francisco has lost four of five . Cain ( 2 - 1 ) was tagged for five runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . San Francisco has lost four of five .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Joe Mauer and the Minnesota Twins have been waiting for a lot of fun . Morneau hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the fifth inning , and the Twins beat the Kansas City Royals 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Mauer had a solo homer in the first inning and a two - run single in the fourth to give the Twins a 5 - 2 lead . Kevin Slowey ( 4 - 0 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings for the Twins . Joe Nathan pitched the ninth for his fourth save in five chances . Sidney Ponson ( 0 - 4 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings for Kansas City , which has lost four of five . The Royals have lost four of five . David DeJesus had three hits and three RBIs for Kansas City , including a two - run single in the third that gave Kansas City a 2 - 1 lead . The Royals tied it in the third on Jose Guillen 's two - out , two - run single . The Royals tied it in the third on a two - run single by David DeJesus . The Royals tied it in the third on DeJesus ' two - out , two - run single that put Kansas City ahead 2 - 1 . DeJesus ' two - run single in the fifth gave Kansas City a 5 - 2 lead . The Royals tied it in the fifth on DeJesus ' two - out , two - run single . The Royals tied it in the fifth on DeJesus ' two - out , two - run single .
NEW YORK -- Alex Rodriguez hit a go - ahead homer in the seventh inning , and the New York Yankees rallied for an 8 - 5 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . Alex Rodriguez hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the seventh inning , and Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth for his 19th save in 20 chances . Rodriguez hit a two - run homer off Chris Jakubauskas in the seventh , and Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . The Yankees rallied from a 3 - 1 deficit to tie it in the top of the eighth against Brian Bruney ( 3 - 0 ) . Ichiro Suzuki led off with a single , stole second and scored on Russell Branyan 's single . Brian Bruney ( 3 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up a two - run single to Russell Branyan in the eighth . Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . The Yankees scored three runs off Brian Bruney ( 3 - 0 ) in the eighth and tied it in the eighth on Russell Branyan 's two - run single off Brian Bruney ( 3 - 0 ) . Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . The Yankees scored three runs in the second inning to take a 3 - 1 lead . Johnny Damon led off with a double and scored on Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . The Mariners tied it in the fifth on Branyan 's RBI single and Russell Branyan 's sacrifice fly . The Mariners tied it in the fifth on Branyan 's RBI single and Branyan 's sacrifice fly .
CLEVELAND -- Brandon Phillips had three hits and drove in three runs , Micah Owings pitched six strong innings and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Cleveland Indians 8 - 1 on Tuesday night . Phillips had three hits and three RBIs , and Ramon Hernandez had three hits and three RBIs for the Reds , who have won four of five . Micah Owings ( 5 - 8 ) gave up one run and five hits in six innings to win for the first time in five starts . He struck out four and walked four . David Huff ( 3 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in five innings for the Indians , who have lost four of five . David Huff ( 3 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in five innings for the Indians , who have lost four of five . David Huff ( 3 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in five innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost four of five . Huff gave up nine hits and seven runs in five innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . Huff gave up nine hits and seven runs in five innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . Huff gave up nine hits and seven runs in five innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . Huff gave up nine hits and seven runs in five innings . The right - hander gave up nine hits and seven runs in five innings .
LOS ANGELES -- Seattle manager Don Mattingly was happy to see the Los Angeles Dodgers lose their first series of the season . Garrett Olson pitched five - hit ball into the sixth inning , Jose Lopez had three hits and drove in two runs and the Mariners beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Olson ( 3 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits in five innings , struck out three and walked one . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 5.45 ERA in his previous five starts . David Aardsma pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Hiroki Kuroda ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings , struck out five and walked none . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 5.40 ERA in four starts against the Mariners this season . Kuroda ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings , struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 5.40 ERA in four starts against the Mariners this season . Matt Kemp homered and Andre Ethier drove in a run for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Kuroda ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings , struck out five and did not walk a batter . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 5.40 ERA in four starts against the Mariners this season . Kuroda gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings , struck out five and did not walk a batter . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 5.40 ERA in four starts against the Mariners this season .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox did n't need much help from the Chicago White Sox . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season , and the White Sox beat the Cubs 6 - 0 on Tuesday night . Alexei Ramirez hit a two - run homer and Alexei Ramirez added a solo shot in the eighth for the White Sox , who won for just the second time in nine games . Chicago has won six of seven . Danks ( 6 - 6 ) gave up four hits , walked four and struck out five . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last four starts . Danks ( 6 - 6 ) allowed four hits , walked four and struck out five . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last five starts . Danks ( 6 - 6 ) allowed four hits , walked four and struck out five . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last five starts . Danks ( 6 - 6 ) allowed four hits , walked four and struck out five in seven innings . Scott Linebrink struck out four in two scoreless innings . Scott Linebrink pitched two scoreless innings , and Scott Linebrink struck out four in two scoreless innings . Scott Linebrink struck out four in two scoreless innings . Scott Linebrink struck out four in two scoreless innings . Scott Linebrink struck out four in two scoreless innings . Scott Linebrink struck out four in two scoreless innings . Scott Linebrink struck out four in two scoreless innings . Scott Linebrink struck out four in two scoreless innings . Scott Linebrink struck out four in two scoreless innings . Scott Linebrink struck out four in two scoreless innings . Scott Linebrink struck out four in two scoreless innings . Scott Linebrink struck out four in two scoreless innings . Scott Linebrink struck out four in two scoreless innings . Scott Linebrink struck out four in two scoreless innings .
LOS ANGELES -- Felix Hernandez did n't need much run support for the Seattle Mariners . Hernandez pitched eight innings of four - hit ball , Ken Griffey Jr. hit a two - run homer and the Mariners beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Hernandez ( 8 - 3 ) gave up an unearned run and four hits in eight innings , struck out nine and walked one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last four starts . Hernandez ( 8 - 3 ) gave up an unearned run and four hits in eight innings , struck out nine and walked one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts against the Dodgers , including 4 - 0 with a 1.16 ERA in four starts against the Dodgers this season . Franklin Gutierrez had three hits , including a triple , and drove in a run for the Mariners , who have won four of five . Eric Milton ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings , struck out seven and walked none . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 5.82 ERA in his last five starts . Milton Branyan hit a two - run homer and Franklin Gutierrez had three hits for the Mariners , who have won four of five . Eric Milton ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings , struck out seven and walked none . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 5.82 ERA in his last five starts . Milton Branyan homered in the ninth off Brent Leach .
ST. LOUIS -- Glen Perkins did n't have his best stuff of the season . Perkins pitched seven innings of four - hit ball , and the Minnesota Twins beat Adam Wainwright and the St. Louis Cardinals 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Perkins ( 3 - 4 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter . Joe Nathan worked the ninth for his 18th save in 21 chances . Nathan gave up a single to Joe Thurston and a double to Joe Thurston in the ninth before getting Ryan Ludwick to ground out to end the game . Wainwright ( 8 - 5 ) gave up three runs , two earned , and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked four . Wainwright ( 8 - 5 ) allowed three runs , two earned , and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked four . Wainwright ( 8 - 5 ) allowed three runs , two earned , and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked four . Wainwright ( 8 - 5 ) allowed three runs , two earned , and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked four . Joe Thurston had two hits for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Wainwright ( 8 - 5 ) gave up three runs , two earned , and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked four . The Cardinals had runners on first and third with one out in the seventh , but Perkins got Ryan Ludwick to ground into a double play .
PHOENIX -- Jered Weaver and the Los Angeles Angels are on a roll . Weaver allowed three runs and four hits in six innings , Torii Hunter hit a two - run homer and the Los Angeles Angels routed the Arizona Diamondbacks 12 - 3 on Tuesday night . Weaver ( 8 - 3 ) allowed three runs and four hits in six innings , striking out five and walking four . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last four starts . Weaver ( 8 - 3 ) gave up three runs and four hits in six innings , striking out five and walking four . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in five starts against the Diamondbacks this season . Stephen Drew hit a two - run homer for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Buckner ( 2 - 5 ) gave up eight runs and seven hits in 1 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He lasted just 1 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The Diamondbacks jumped on Buckner for eight runs and seven hits in 1 2/3 innings . Buckner ( 2 - 5 ) gave up eight runs and seven hits in 1 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He lasted just 1 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He lasted just 1 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He lasted just 1 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He gave up eight runs and seven hits , walked one and did not strike out a batter . The Diamondbacks scored six runs in the second inning , including a two - run triple by Maicer Izturis and a two - run triple by Maicer Izturis . Buckner ( 2 - 5 ) lasted 1 2/3 innings , giving up eight runs and seven hits .
ATLANTA -- Derek Jeter had four hits and scored four runs to help the New York Yankees to an 11 - 7 win over the Atlanta Braves on Friday night . Derek Jeter had four hits , scored four runs and drove in four runs , and Derek Jeter had four hits and scored four runs to help the Yankees to an 11 - 7 win over the Braves on Tuesday night . Derek Jeter went 4 - for - 5 with four runs and scored four runs for the Yankees , who had 13 hits . Derek Jeter went 4 - for - 5 with four runs and scored four runs for the Yankees , who had 13 hits . Derek Lowe ( 7 - 6 ) gave up eight runs and 11 hits in three - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts , including a no - decision against the New York Mets on June 2 . The Yankees scored six runs in the fourth inning off Derek Lowe ( 7 - 6 ) , who allowed eight runs -- six earned -- and 11 hits in three - plus innings . Brian McCann and Brian McCann hit back - to - back homers in the ninth off David Robertson . Alfredo Aceves ( 5 - 1 ) pitched 2 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Mariano Rivera got the final out for his 17th save in 21 chances . The Yankees have won six of their last seven games , including three in a row . The Yankees have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Lowe ( 7 - 6 ) gave up a season - high eight runs and 11 hits in three - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander has allowed at least three runs in each of his five starts this season . The Braves jumped on Lowe in the first . Jeter led off with a single , stole second , advanced to third on a wild pitch and scored on Cody Ransom 's double - play grounder . The Yankees made it 3 - 1 in the second . Jeter led off with a double and scored on a double - play grounder . Ransom followed with a two - run double to make it 6 - 1 . Damon 's two - run double in the fourth gave the Yankees a 6 - 1 lead .
HOUSTON -- The Kansas City Royals had a chance to win a game for the first time in more than a month . Brayan Pena hit a go - ahead homer in the 11th inning , and the Royals beat the Houston Astros 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Brayan Pena and Miguel Olivo hit back - to - back home runs in the 11th inning to give the Royals a 3 - 2 lead . Joakim Soria ( 2 - 0 ) allowed a run and two hits in the 10th . John Bale pitched a perfect 11th for his first career save . Joakim Soria ( 2 - 0 ) allowed a run and two hits in a run in the 10th . John Bale pitched a perfect 11th for his first major league save . Houston starter Luke Hochevar yielded three hits and two runs with four strikeouts in seven innings . John Bale pitched a perfect 11th for his first major league save . Houston starter Luke Hochevar yielded three hits and two runs with four strikeouts in seven innings . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth on a two - out RBI single by David DeJesus . Houston starter Luke Hochevar yielded three hits and two runs in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Mark Teahen doubled and scored on a single by David DeJesus . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Mark Teahen doubled and scored on a single by David DeJesus . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Mark Teahen doubled with two outs and scored on a single by David DeJesus .
DETROIT -- The Detroit Tigers have won the first two games of the series . Brandon Inge hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the Tigers to a 5 - 4 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Brandon Inge hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the inning to give the Tigers a 3 - 2 lead , and pinch - hitter Ryan Raburn hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the inning to give the Tigers a 3 - 2 lead . Ryan Raburn hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the inning to give the Tigers a 3 - 2 lead . Ryan Raburn hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the inning to give the Tigers a 3 - 2 lead . Brandon Lyon ( 3 - 3 ) retired the only batter he faced in the ninth to earn the win . Ryan Raburn hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the inning to give the Tigers a 3 - 2 lead . Detroit starter Edwin Jackson allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Micah Hoffpauir hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Detroit starter Edwin Jackson allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked four . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Geovany Soto 's fielder 's choice grounder . The Tigers tied it in the bottom of the first on an RBI triple by Placido Polanco and a triple by Placido Polanco .
CHICAGO -- Hiroki Kuroda did n't need much run support for the Los Angeles Dodgers . Kuroda struck out a season - high nine in 8 2/3 innings , James Loney hit a two - run homer and the Dodgers beat the Chicago White Sox 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Kuroda ( 2 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 8 2/3 innings . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Kuroda ( 2 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 8 2/3 innings . He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . Jonathan Broxton got the final out for his 18th save in 21 chances . John Danks ( 5 - 6 ) gave up three runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . Danks ( 5 - 6 ) gave up three runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . Danks ( 5 - 6 ) gave up three runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . Danks ( 5 - 6 ) gave up three runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . Danks ( 5 - 6 ) gave up three runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . Danks ( 5 - 6 ) gave up three runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . Danks ( 5 - 6 ) allowed three runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Aaron Cook did n't allow a hit until Maicer Izturis ' one - out single in the seventh inning , and the Colorado Rockies beat the Los Angeles Angels 11 - 1 on Tuesday night . Cook ( 7 - 3 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings , striking out four and walking two . He has won four of his last five starts and is 3 - 0 with a 2.08 ERA in his last five starts . Cook ( 7 - 3 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings , struck out four and walked two . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.08 ERA in his last four starts . Matt Palmer ( 6 - 1 ) gave up seven hits and five walks in 4 2/3 innings , giving up seven hits . He walked five and struck out five . Matt Palmer ( 6 - 1 ) gave up seven hits and six runs in 4 2/3 innings . He walked five and struck out five . The Angels ' Matt Palmer ( 6 - 1 ) gave up seven hits and six runs in 4 2/3 innings . He walked five and struck out five . The Angels ' Matt Palmer ( 6 - 1 ) gave up seven hits and six runs in 4 2/3 innings , struck out five and walked five . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 7.71 ERA in his last four starts . The Angels ' Matt Palmer ( 6 - 1 ) gave up seven hits and six runs in 4 2/3 innings , struck out five and walked five . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 7.71 ERA in his last four starts .
DENVER -- Jorge De La Rosa has been a big part of the Colorado Rockies ' rotation . Clint Barmes and Clint Barmes homered , De La Rosa pitched effectively into the sixth inning and the Rockies beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . De La Rosa ( 3 - 7 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Huston Street pitched the ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Jorge De La Rosa ( 3 - 7 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Huston Street pitched the ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Paul Maholm ( 4 - 4 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Jorge De La Rosa ( 3 - 7 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Huston Street pitched the ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Maholm ( 4 - 4 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Maholm ( 4 - 4 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Maholm ( 4 - 4 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Maholm ( 4 - 4 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Maholm ( 4 - 4 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked four .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox did n't have much to celebrate . David Ortiz hit a game - ending home run in the ninth inning , and the Red Sox beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . David Ortiz homered and drove in two runs , and Nick Green and Nick Green also homered for the Red Sox , who won for just the second time in nine games . Jonathan Papelbon ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Jonathan Papelbon ( 1 - 1 ) worked around a two - out walk in the ninth to earn the win . Boston starter Jair Jurrjens gave up five runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out six and walked none . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Nate McLouth 's RBI single and Brian McCann 's two - run double . Wakefield gave up four runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked none and struck out two . Wakefield gave up four runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked none and struck out two . Wakefield gave up four runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked none and struck out two . Wakefield gave up four runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked none and struck out two . Wakefield gave up four runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked none and struck out two . Wakefield gave up four runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Chris Carpenter did n't have his best stuff against the Kansas City Royals . Carpenter pitched into the eighth inning , Albert Pujols hit a three - run homer and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Kansas City Royals 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Carpenter ( 5 - 1 ) allowed one run and three hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . Ryan Franklin got the final four outs for his 17th save in 19 opportunities . Brian Bannister ( 5 - 4 ) allowed three runs , two earned , and six hits in eight innings for the Royals . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Bannister ( 5 - 4 ) gave up three runs , two earned , and six hits in eight innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Bannister ( 5 - 4 ) gave up three runs , two earned , and six hits in eight innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Bannister ( 5 - 4 ) gave up three runs , two earned , and six hits in eight innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Bannister ( 5 - 4 ) gave up three runs , two earned , and six hits in eight innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Bannister ( 5 - 4 ) gave up three runs , two earned , and six hits in eight innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . The Royals scored three runs off Carpenter in the eighth . Mitch Maier led off with a double and scored on pinch - hitter Willie Bloomquist 's single .
PHILADELPHIA -- Rich Hill 's first career grand slam gave the Baltimore Orioles a much - needed win . Hill pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Matt Wieters had a two - run double and the Orioles beat the Philadelphia Phillies 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hill ( 3 - 1 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out five . Hill ( 3 - 1 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out five . Nolan Reimold hit a solo homer in the ninth for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Hill ( 3 - 1 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out five . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Jayson Werth 's two - out , two - run double off Antonio Bastardo ( 2 - 2 ) . Reimold led off the ninth with his second homer of the season to make it 5 - 2 . Bastardo ( 2 - 2 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- and five hits in seven innings . He walked five and struck out five . Bastardo ( 2 - 2 ) gave up four runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Phillies jumped ahead 2 - 0 in the first on Jayson Werth 's two - run double to right . Reimold led off the ninth with his second homer of the season to make it 5 - 2 . Bastardo gave up five hits and four runs in seven innings .
DETROIT -- Marcus Thames hit a pair of two - run homers , Curtis Granderson added a two - run shot and the Detroit Tigers beat the Milwaukee Brewers 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . Thames hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning , and Curtis Granderson added a two - run shot in the seventh . Zach Miner ( 4 - 1 ) pitched 2 1/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . Braden Looper ( 5 - 4 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . Milwaukee 's Armando Galarraga allowed four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in four - plus innings . He walked one and struck out one . Prince Fielder hit a three - run homer in the first for Milwaukee , which has lost four of five . The Brewers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a three - run homer by Prince Fielder , his third of the season . The Brewers took a 4 - 3 lead in the fourth on Craig Counsell 's sacrifice fly , and Fielder 's two - run homer in the bottom of the inning made it 7 - 4 . The Tigers took a 4 - 3 lead in the fourth on Craig Counsell 's sacrifice fly , and Fielder 's two - run homer in the bottom of the inning made it 7 - 4 . The Tigers took a 4 - 3 lead in the fourth on Craig Counsell 's sacrifice fly , and Fielder 's two - run homer in the bottom of the inning made it 7 - 4 . Fielder hit a two - run homer in the seventh .
TORONTO -- The Florida Marlins have been waiting for Jeremy Hermida to make a big impression on his new team . Hermida hit a two - run homer , Sean West won for the first time in more than a month and the Marlins beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Hermida hit a two - run homer off Casey Janssen ( 2 - 3 ) , who allowed five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out one . Janssen ( 2 - 3 ) allowed five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out one . Janssen ( 2 - 3 ) allowed five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out one . Janssen ( 2 - 3 ) allowed five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out one . Janssen ( 2 - 3 ) allowed five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out one . Janssen ( 2 - 3 ) allowed five runs and eight hits in 3 1 - 3 innings . He walked one and struck out one . Janssen ( 2 - 3 ) allowed five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out one . The Blue Jays cut it to 6 - 5 in the seventh when Kevin Millar hit a leadoff double and scored on Rios ' seventh - inning passed ball . Rios hit a two - run homer off West in the fourth , but the Marlins answered with three runs in the bottom half . Chris Coghlan led off with a double and scored on a double by Ramirez . The Marlins cut it to 6 - 5 in the bottom half when Kevin Millar hit a leadoff double and scored on Rios ' passed ball .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Matt Kemp and the Los Angeles Dodgers are going to have to wait long to get a win . Kemp hit a tiebreaking two - run homer off Jason Grilli in the seventh inning , and the Dodgers beat the Texas Rangers 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Kemp 's two - run homer in the seventh inning off Jason Grilli ( 0 - 2 ) gave the Dodgers a 3 - 1 lead . It was Kemp 's third homer of the season and first since July 27 . Cory Wade ( 2 - 3 ) got the win despite allowing Andruw Jones ' tying homer in the sixth . Jonathan Broxton pitched the ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . Grilli ( 2 - 3 ) got the win despite giving up Andruw Jones ' tying homer in the sixth . Jonathan Broxton pitched the ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . Andruw Jones homered off Cory Wade ( 2 - 3 ) with two outs in the sixth to tie the game at 1 . It was Jones ' first home run since July 26 , 2010 , at Houston . Cory Wade ( 2 - 3 ) got the win despite allowing Andruw Jones ' tying homer in the sixth . Jonathan Broxton pitched the ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . The Dodgers had only one runner reach third base until the sixth , when Ian Kinsler led off with a double and scored on a groundout by Rafael Furcal . Rafael Furcal had an RBI groundout in the sixth to make it 1 - 0 . Rafael Furcal had an RBI groundout in the sixth to make it 1 - 0 .
PHILADELPHIA -- David Ortiz and the Boston Red Sox did n't need much offense to beat the Philadelphia Phillies . Mike Lowell hit a tiebreaking single in the 13th inning and the Red Sox beat the Phillies 5 - 2 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Ryan Howard and Ryan Howard hit solo homers for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Takashi Saito ( 2 - 0 ) got the final two outs in the 13th to earn the win . Daniel Bard pitched the 13th for his first save . The Red Sox have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . Takashi Saito ( 2 - 0 ) got the final two outs in the 13th to earn the win . Daniel Bard pitched the 13th for his first save . The Red Sox have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Takashi Saito ( 2 - 0 ) got the final two outs in the 13th to earn the win . Daniel Bard pitched the 13th for his first save . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Bard struck out Jayson Werth and Jayson Werth to end the game . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Feliz 's RBI groundout . The Red Sox loaded the bases with one out in the second , but Lester struck out Howard and Howard to end the inning . Blanton gave up five hits , struck out seven and walked two in seven innings .
NEW YORK -- Chase Utley and the Philadelphia Phillies are starting to come up with a big hit . Utley hit a tiebreaking homer in the 11th inning and the Phillies beat the New York Mets 5 - 4 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight win . Utley hit a solo shot off Bobby Parnell ( 2 - 1 ) leading off the 11th . It was his third multihomer game of the season and first since July 31 , 2011 , against the Mets . The Mets have lost six of seven and are a major league - best 26 - 6 at Citi Field , where they have the worst record in the majors . New York has lost seven of eight . The Mets have lost five of six and are a major league - worst 10 - 19 at Citi Field . New York has lost four of five . The Mets have lost five of six and are a major league - worst 10 - 19 at Citi Field . New York has lost four of five . The Mets have lost five of six . New York has lost four of five . The Mets have lost five of six . New York has lost four of five . The Mets have lost five of six . New York has lost four of five . The Mets have lost five of six . New York has lost four of five . The Mets have lost five of six . New York has lost four of five . The Mets have lost five of six . New York 's Mike Pelfrey gave up four runs -- two earned -- and six hits in six - plus innings . He had two hits , including a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the seventh that made it 4 - 2 . Jimmy Rollins tied it at 4 with a fielder 's choice grounder in the seventh , and Jimmy Rollins drove in a run with a fielder 's choice in the seventh .
CHICAGO -- Justin Verlander has been the Detroit Tigers ' ace . Verlander pitched a six - hitter for his first career complete game , leading the Tigers to a 2 - 1 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Wednesday night . Verlander ( 7 - 2 ) struck out nine and walked one . The right - hander has won his last three starts against the White Sox . He struck out nine and walked one . Verlander ( 7 - 2 ) struck out nine and walked one in his second complete game of the season . He struck out nine and walked one . Verlander ( 7 - 2 ) struck out nine and walked one in his second complete game of the season . He struck out nine and walked one . Danks ( 4 - 5 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Danks ( 4 - 5 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Danks ( 4 - 5 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Danks ( 4 - 5 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Danks ( 4 - 5 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Danks ( 4 - 5 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The White Sox have lost six of their last eight games .
BOSTON -- Josh Beckett was n't as sharp as he was in his previous start , when he gave up a two - run homer to David Ortiz in the second inning and a two - run double by Nick Green in the second inning . The Red Sox left - hander gave up a two - run homer to Nick Green in the second inning , and the Boston Red Sox beat the New York Yankees 7 - 0 on Tuesday night . Beckett ( 7 - 2 ) struck out eight and walked two in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Beckett ( 7 - 2 ) struck out eight and walked two , improving to 4 - 0 in his last seven starts . He struck out eight and walked two . Daniel Bard , Ramon Ramirez and Daniel Bard each pitched a scoreless inning to complete the shutout . Beckett ( 7 - 2 ) struck out eight and walked two , improving to 4 - 0 in his last seven starts . He struck out eight and walked two . Daniel Bard , Ramon Ramirez and Daniel Bard each pitched a scoreless inning of relief for the Red Sox . Daniel Bard and Daniel Bard each pitched a scoreless inning . Daniel Bard and Daniel Bard each pitched a scoreless inning . Daniel Bard and Daniel Bard each pitched a scoreless inning . Daniel Bard and Daniel Bard each pitched a scoreless inning . Daniel Bard and Daniel Bard each pitched a scoreless inning . Daniel Bard and Daniel Bard each pitched a scoreless inning . Daniel Bard and Daniel Bard each pitched a scoreless inning . Daniel Bard and Daniel Bard each pitched a scoreless inning .
DETROIT -- Clete Thomas hit a tiebreaking grand slam in the eighth inning , and the Detroit Tigers rallied to beat the Los Angeles Angels 9 - 6 on Tuesday night . The Tigers trailed 5 - 4 in the eighth before Jose Arredondo ( 1 - 3 ) walked Miguel Cabrera and Miguel Cabrera to load the bases . Adam Everett hit a two - out , two - run single off Jose Arredondo ( 1 - 3 ) to make it 9 - 5 . Joel Zumaya ( 2 - 0 ) escaped a bases - loaded , one - out jam in the eighth to earn the win . Jose Arredondo ( 1 - 3 ) walked Miguel Cabrera with two outs in the eighth , and Adam Everett followed with a two - run single to make it 9 - 5 . Joel Zumaya ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings for the win . Fernando Rodney gave up a run - scoring double to Erick Aybar in the ninth , but struck out Gary Matthews Jr. to end the game . Detroit starter Joe Saunders allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked five . The Angels took a 5 - 4 lead in the sixth on a two - out RBI single by Erick Aybar . The Angels tied it in the sixth on Erick Aybar 's two - out RBI single . The Angels tied it in the sixth on Erick Aybar 's two - out RBI single . Detroit starter Rick Porcello gave up four runs and five hits in five - plus innings . He walked three and struck out two . Porcello allowed four runs and five hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out two .
ATLANTA -- Chipper Jones had a big night at the plate . Jones homered twice and drove in five runs , and the Atlanta Braves rallied from a three - run deficit to beat the Milwaukee Brewers 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Jones ' two - run homer in the fifth inning off Manny Parra gave the Braves a 5 - 3 lead . It was Jones ' first multihomer game of the season and the second of his career . He also had a two - run homer in the fifth inning of a 4 - 3 win over the Brewers on Tuesday night . Jones ' two - run homer in the fifth off Manny Parra gave the Braves a 5 - 3 lead . It was Jones ' first multihomer game of the season . He also had a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Braves a 5 - 3 lead . Eric O'Flaherty ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth to earn the win . Michael Gonzalez pitched the ninth for his eighth save in eight chances . Ryan Braun homered twice and drove in four runs for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Eric O'Flaherty ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Michael Gonzalez pitched the ninth for his eighth save in eight chances . Ryan Braun homered twice and drove in four runs for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Milwaukee starter Manny Parra gave up five runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He has a 9.00 ERA in three starts at Turner Field this season . Parra gave up five runs , eight hits and two walks in 5 2/3 innings . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Nate McLouth singled , stole second and scored on Yunel Escobar 's triple . Parra allowed five runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings .
TORONTO -- The Kansas City Royals are starting to feel good at the plate . Mark Teahen hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the fifth inning and the Royals beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hochevar ( 1 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . Willie Bloomquist hit a three - run triple and Willie Bloomquist added a three - run triple as the Royals won for the fourth time in five games . Hochevar ( 1 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . Joakim Soria worked 1 1/3 innings , Joakim Soria worked 1 1/3 innings and Joakim Soria finished for the Royals . Joakim Soria worked 1 1/3 innings , Joakim Soria worked 1 1/3 innings and Joakim Soria finished for the Royals . Joakim Soria worked 1 1/3 innings , Joakim Soria worked 1 1/3 innings and Joakim Soria finished for the Royals . Joakim Soria worked 1 1/3 innings , Joakim Soria worked 1 1/3 innings , Joakim Soria worked the eighth and B. J. Ryan finished the four - hitter . Toronto 's Raul Chavez hit a two - run homer and Raul Chavez hit a two - run homer for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Blue Jays left - hander Scott Richmond ( 4 - 3 ) allowed five runs and five hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Blue Jays right - hander Scott Richmond ( 4 - 3 ) allowed five runs and five hits in 4 2/3 innings .
BALTIMORE -- John Smoltz and the Boston Red Sox did n't have to worry about David Ortiz , who hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning to lead the Red Sox to a 6 - 5 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . Youkilis had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third inning , and Jacoby Ellsbury had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh . Jonathan Papelbon pitched a perfect ninth for his 27th save in 31 opportunities . The Red Sox have won seven of their last nine games and have won seven of their last 10 games . The Red Sox have won six of seven and are a major league - best 26 - 8 since the All-Star break . Smoltz ( 2 - 4 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out two and did not walk a batter . Jonathan Papelbon pitched a perfect ninth for his 27th save in 31 opportunities . Jeremy Guthrie ( 7 - 10 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning when Jason Bay doubled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Nick Green . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom half when Nolan Reimold hit a two - run homer and Nolan Reimold hit a two - run shot in the bottom half . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom half when Nolan Reimold hit a two - run homer and scored on a double by Youkilis . In the bottom half , Youkilis doubled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Green .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels ' biggest offensive output of the season came to a halt . Howie Kendrick hit a two - run homer and drove in five runs , John Lackey pitched seven strong innings and the Angels beat the Cleveland Indians 9 - 3 on Tuesday night . Lackey ( 7 - 4 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings , struck out eight and walked four . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.89 ERA in his last four starts . Lackey ( 7 - 4 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings , struck out eight and walked four . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.89 ERA in his last four starts . Lackey ( 7 - 4 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings , struck out eight and walked four . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.89 ERA in his last four starts . Lackey ( 7 - 4 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings , struck out eight and walked four . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.89 ERA in his last four starts . Darren Oliver pitched the eighth and Darren Oliver worked a perfect ninth . Aaron Laffey ( 4 - 3 ) gave up seven runs -- four earned -- and seven hits in four - plus innings . He was charged with seven runs -- four earned -- and seven hits in four - plus innings . The Indians have lost five of their last six games . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Laffey ( 4 - 3 ) was charged with seven runs -- four earned -- and seven hits in four - plus innings . He walked two and struck out two .
SEATTLE -- Ichiro Suzuki has been a big part of the Seattle Mariners ' late - season surge . Suzuki had three hits , including a game - winning single in the ninth inning , and the Mariners beat the Toronto Blue Jays 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Suzuki had three hits and scored twice , and Jack Hannahan had three hits and drove in a run for the Mariners . David Aardsma ( 3 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless ninth to earn the win . Seattle starter Jarrod Washburn gave up one run and five hits in seven - plus innings . He walked three and struck out one . Scott Rolen had three hits for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . David Aardsma ( 3 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Seattle starter Jarrod Washburn allowed one run and five hits in seven - plus innings . He walked three and struck out one . Seattle starter Marc Rzepczynski gave up three runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Toronto starter Marc Rzepczynski gave up three runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on a groundout by Mike Sweeney . The Mariners added a pair of runs in the sixth to take a 3 - 0 lead . Scott Rolen led off with a double and scored on Jose Bautista 's sacrifice fly . Scott Rolen led off with a double and scored on Jose Bautista 's sacrifice fly to cut the lead to 3 - 1 . Alex Rios followed with an RBI double to cut the lead to 3 - 2 . Hill followed with an RBI double to cut the lead to 3 - 2 . Jose Bautista followed with a sacrifice fly .
SEATTLE -- Cliff Lee has been one of the best pitchers in the American League . Jhonny Peralta hit a grand slam , Travis Hafner and Ben Francisco also homered and the Cleveland Indians beat the Seattle Mariners 12 - 3 on Tuesday night . Lee ( 7 - 9 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Lee ( 7 - 9 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Lee ( 7 - 9 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Lee ( 7 - 9 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter for the first time in his career . Lee ( 7 - 9 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Cleveland starter Jason Vargas ( 3 - 4 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in four - plus innings . He has lasted at least six innings in each of his last six starts . The Mariners have lost five of six . The Mariners have lost five of six . Vargas ( 3 - 4 ) lasted just four innings , giving up six runs and seven hits . He struck out two and walked one . It was the first time in Vargas ' career that he failed to pitch at least seven innings . The Mariners scored a pair of runs in the first inning off Seattle starter Jason Vargas ( 3 - 4 ) , who allowed six runs and seven hits in four - plus innings . He walked one and struck out two .
CHICAGO -- Rich Harden and the Chicago Cubs ' bullpen made it stand up . Harden pitched one - hit ball over six innings , Kosuke Fukudome drove in a pair of runs and the Cubs beat the Cincinnati Reds 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Harden ( 7 - 6 ) allowed one run and one hit in six innings . He struck out eight and walked none . Harden ( 7 - 6 ) struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out eight , walked none and lowered his ERA to 4.55 . Kevin Gregg got the final out in the ninth for his 21st save in 23 chances . Joey Votto and Joey Votto homered for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Harden ( 7 - 6 ) allowed one run and one hit in six innings . He struck out eight and walked none . Angel Guzman , Sean Marshall and Kevin Gregg combined for 2 2/3 innings of one - hit relief . Kevin Gregg got the final out for his 21st save in 23 chances . Joey Votto hit a solo homer in the first for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Joey Votto hit a solo homer in the first for the Reds , who have lost four of five . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Paul Janish led off with a double and scored on Brandon Phillips ' two - out single . The Reds tied it in the bottom of the second on a bases - loaded walk to Fukudome . The Cubs tied it in the bottom half on Alfonso Soriano 's RBI double .
BOSTON -- Brad Penny did n't have his best stuff of the season . Penny pitched into the seventh inning and the Boston Red Sox beat the Baltimore Orioles 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Penny ( 7 - 4 ) allowed an unearned run and five hits , struck out four and did n't walk a batter in 6 1/3 innings . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last four starts . Penny ( 7 - 4 ) allowed an unearned run and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Brad Bergesen ( 6 - 5 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Nolan Reimold doubled and scored on Melvin Mora 's sacrifice fly . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Nolan Reimold singled , stole second and scored on Melvin Mora 's sacrifice fly . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Melvin Mora 's sacrifice fly . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Nolan Reimold singled , stole second and scored on Melvin Mora 's sacrifice fly . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Nolan Reimold singled , stole second and scored on Melvin Mora 's sacrifice fly . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Nolan Reimold singled , stole second and scored on Melvin Mora 's sacrifice fly . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Melvin Mora 's sacrifice fly .
TORONTO -- The Tampa Bay Rays have been waiting for Roy Halladay to get a win . Garza pitched a five - hitter for his second complete game of the season and the Rays beat the Toronto Blue Jays 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Garza ( 7 - 7 ) allowed two runs and five hits in his second complete game of the season . He walked none and struck out nine . J. P. Howell worked the 10th for his 11th save . Garza ( 7 - 7 ) allowed two runs and five hits in his second complete game of the season . He walked none and struck out nine . J. P. Howell worked the 10th for his 11th save . Halladay allowed two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in nine innings . He walked three and struck out a season - high 10 . Blue Jays right - hander Roy Halladay allowed two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in nine innings . He walked three and struck out a season - high 10 . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Longoria and a sacrifice fly by Longoria . The Rays tied it in the third when Alex Rios doubled and scored on Aaron Hill 's single . Toronto tied it in the third when Alex Rios doubled and scored on a two - out double by Aaron Hill . Toronto tied it in the bottom half when Marco Scutaro hit a two - out RBI single and scored on Aaron Hill 's two - out double . Toronto tied it in the bottom half when Marco Scutaro hit a two - out RBI single and scored on Aaron Hill 's double .
SAN DIEGO -- Ricky Nolasco has been a big part of the Florida Marlins ' rotation . Nolasco struck out 10 in 6 1/3 innings and Chris Coghlan hit a two - run homer , leading the Marlins to a 5 - 0 victory over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night . Nolasco ( 7 - 7 ) allowed two hits , walked three and struck out a season - high 10 . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last four starts . Chris Coghlan hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Josh Geer ( 1 - 6 ) , who allowed two runs and six hits in six innings , struck out four and walked one . Geer ( 1 - 6 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings , struck out four and walked one . The Marlins have lost four of five . Geer ( 1 - 6 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Marlins have lost four of five . Geer ( 1 - 6 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings , struck out four and walked one . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . Geer ( 1 - 6 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . Geer ( 1 - 6 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . Geer allowed two runs and six hits in six innings , struck out four and walked one .
WASHINGTON -- Craig Stammen did n't allow a hit until the sixth inning . Stammen pitched into the eighth inning , Josh Willingham hit a two - run homer and the Washington Nationals beat the New York Mets 3 - 1 on Wednesday night . Stammen ( 3 - 5 ) allowed one run and four hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Mike MacDougal pitched a perfect ninth for his sixth save in six chances . Mike Pelfrey ( 7 - 6 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Pelfrey ( 7 - 6 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last four starts . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Adam Dunn led off with a single and scored on Ronnie Belliard 's sacrifice fly . The Mets tied it in the sixth . Angel Pagan led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on a throwing error by shortstop Cristian Guzman . Pagan scored on a wild pitch by Jason Bergmann to give the Mets a 1 - 0 lead . The Nationals tied it in the sixth . Angel Pagan led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on a throwing error by shortstop Cristian Guzman . Pagan scored on a wild pitch by Jason Bergmann to give the Mets a 1 - 0 lead . Willingham hit a two - run homer in the sixth to give the Nationals a 3 - 1 lead . Willingham added an RBI single off Sean Green in the eighth .
TORONTO -- The Toronto Blue Jays have been waiting for Marco Scutaro to find a way to beat the Cleveland Indians . Scutaro homered twice and drove in four runs , Aaron Hill also went deep and the Blue Jays beat the Indians 10 - 6 on Tuesday night . Scutaro 's second career multihomer game came off Carl Pavano ( 8 - 8 ) , who allowed seven runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out four . Luis Valbuena hit a three - run homer and Ryan Garko had three hits for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Ricky Romero ( 8 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Blue Jays , who have won four of five . Romero ( 8 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out two . Romero ( 8 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out two . Romero ( 8 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out two . Romero ( 8 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out two . Romero ( 8 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out two . Romero ( 8 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out two . Romero ( 8 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out two . Romero ( 8 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out two .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Tommy Hunter did his best to keep the Texas Rangers in the game . Hunter allowed one run over six innings , Hank Blalock had a two - run single and the Rangers beat Josh Beckett and the Red Sox 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hunter ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and four hits in six - plus innings , striking out two and walking one . The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in six of his seven starts this season . The Red Sox have lost four of five . Beckett ( 11 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Beckett ( 11 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Red Sox have lost four of five . Beckett ( 11 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Red Sox have lost four of five . Beckett ( 11 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Red Sox have lost five of their last six games . Beckett ( 11 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Red Sox have lost five of their last six games . Beckett ( 11 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Red Sox have lost six of seven .
PITTSBURGH -- Milwaukee Brewers manager Ron Roenicke has been impressed with Braden Looper 's ability to bounce back . Looper pitched seven innings of four - hit ball , Prince Fielder drove in two runs and the Brewers beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Looper ( 9 - 4 ) allowed four hits and three walks while striking out one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.99 ERA in his last four starts . Looper ( 9 - 4 ) allowed four hits and three walks while striking out one . He has allowed two runs or fewer in six of his seven starts this season . Trevor Hoffman pitched a perfect ninth for his 22nd save in 25 opportunities . Virgil Vasquez ( 1 - 4 ) gave up two runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Pirates . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Pittsburgh 's Virgil Vasquez ( 1 - 4 ) gave up two runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Pittsburgh 's Virgil Vasquez ( 1 - 4 ) gave up two runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Pirates have lost six of their last seven games and have scored only three runs in their last five games . The Pirates have scored only three runs in their last four games . Pittsburgh has scored only three runs in its last five games . The Pirates have scored only three runs in their last five games .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Minnesota Twins manager Ron Gardenhire did n't want to talk about his team 's offense , but it was n't enough for the Minnesota Twins . Michael Cuddyer hit a go - ahead triple with two outs in the 10th inning and the Twins beat the Oakland Athletics 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Joe Mauer singled off Andrew Bailey ( 4 - 3 ) leading off the 10th against Andrew Bailey ( 4 - 3 ) and advanced to second on a sacrifice bunt by Brendan Harris . Nick Punto hit a sacrifice fly off Andrew Bailey ( 4 - 3 ) to put the Twins ahead 3 - 2 . Matt Guerrier ( 5 - 0 ) pitched two hitless innings for the win . Joe Nathan pitched a perfect 10th for his 26th save in 30 chances . The A 's lost for the fourth time in five games . Matt Guerrier ( 5 - 0 ) pitched two hitless innings for the win . Joe Nathan pitched a perfect 10th for his 26th save in 30 chances . The A 's lost for the fourth time in five games and fell to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game West Coast trip . The A 's lost for the fourth time in five games and fell to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game West Coast trip . The A 's lost for the fourth time in five games and fell to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game West Coast trip . The A 's lost for the fourth time in five games . The A 's lost for just the second time in nine games . The A 's have lost five of six . Dallas Braden allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings for the A 's . He struck out three and walked four .
NEW YORK -- The New York Yankees are on a roll for the first time this season . Hideki Matsui homered with one out in the bottom of the ninth inning , lifting the Yankees to a 2 - 1 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . Eric Hinske and Hideki Matsui hit back - to - back home runs in the bottom of the ninth to give New York a 2 - 1 victory over the Orioles on Tuesday night . Eric Hinske and Eric Hinske also homered for the Yankees , who have won five of six . Alfredo Aceves ( 6 - 1 ) got two outs for the win . Phil Coke pitched the eighth and Alfredo Aceves ( 6 - 1 ) got the final two outs of the ninth for the win . Alfredo Aceves ( 6 - 1 ) got the final two outs of the ninth for the win . Phil Coke pitched the eighth and Phil Coke finished for the Yankees . Alfredo Aceves ( 6 - 1 ) got the final two outs of the ninth for the win . Phil Coke pitched the eighth and Phil Coke finished for the Yankees . Alfredo Aceves ( 6 - 1 ) got the final two outs of the ninth for the win . Phil Coke pitched the eighth and Phil Coke finished for the Yankees . Hernandez allowed one run and three hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Nick Markakis ' first - pitch homer . The Orioles loaded the bases with two outs in the second , but Hernandez struck out Alex Rodriguez and Alex Rodriguez .
CINCINNATI -- Jonny Gomes ' first homer of the season gave the Cincinnati Reds a much - needed win . Gomes hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the eighth inning , and the Reds beat the Milwaukee Brewers 5 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight win . David Weathers ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth for his 22nd save in 25 chances . Prince Fielder hit a two - run homer for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . David Weathers ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth for his 22nd save in 23 chances . Prince Fielder had three hits , including a two - run homer off Johnny Cueto , who allowed three runs and 10 hits in six innings . Prince Fielder hit a two - run homer for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Milwaukee starter Johnny Cueto allowed three runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth for his 22nd save in 23 chances . The Brewers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out , two - run single by Brandon Phillips . Gallardo allowed seven hits and three runs with four walks and seven strikeouts in six innings . The Brewers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Brandon Phillips . Gallardo allowed seven hits and three runs with four walks and seven strikeouts in six innings . Gallardo allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings .
LOS ANGELES -- Roy Oswalt did n't need much run support for the Houston Astros . Oswalt pitched a four - hitter for his first career complete game and the Astros beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 8 - 1 on Tuesday night . Oswalt ( 6 - 4 ) allowed one run and four hits , struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last seven starts . The Astros have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Oswalt ( 6 - 4 ) allowed one run and four hits , struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last seven starts . The Astros have won five of their last six games and have won five of their last six games at Dodger Stadium . Oswalt ( 6 - 4 ) allowed one run and four hits , struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The right - hander struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Astros have won five of their last six games and have a winning record for the first time since July 22 , 2011 . The Astros have won five of their last six games against the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . The Dodgers have lost four of five . The Dodgers have lost four of five . The Dodgers have lost four of five . The Dodgers have lost four of five . The Dodgers have lost four of five . The Dodgers have lost four of five . The Dodgers have lost four of five . The Dodgers have lost four of five . The Dodgers have lost four of five . The Dodgers have lost four of five . The Dodgers have lost four of five . The Dodgers ' only run came on Russell Martin 's groundout in the third and Russell Martin 's RBI groundout in the third .
MIAMI -- Chase Utley and the rest of the Philadelphia Phillies have been waiting for a lot of fun . Utley hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , and the Phillies beat the Florida Marlins 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Utley hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Ricky Nolasco to give the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead . Utley 's two - run homer in the first off Ricky Nolasco gave the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead . Utley 's two - run homer in the first off Ricky Nolasco gave the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead . Utley 's two - run homer in the first off Ricky Nolasco gave the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead . Ryan Howard led off the game with a single , stole second and scored on Utley 's two - out double . The Phillies took a 4 - 1 lead in the fourth on a two - out RBI double by Utley and a run - scoring double by Jayson Werth . Florida 's Ricky Nolasco gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Florida starter Ricky Nolasco allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Florida starter Ricky Nolasco gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Florida starter Ricky Nolasco allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Florida starter Ricky Nolasco allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two .
DENVER -- Derek Lowe and the Atlanta Braves did n't need much offense . Lowe pitched six strong innings , Garret Anderson hit a two - run double and the Braves beat the Colorado Rockies 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Lowe ( 8 - 7 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings , striking out five and walking one . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.30 ERA in his last seven starts . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth for his 11th save in 13 chances . Todd Helton homered for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Jimenez ( 6 - 9 ) gave up six hits and two runs in six innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Rockies have lost four of five . Jimenez ( 6 - 9 ) gave up six hits and two runs in six innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games . The Rockies have lost four of five . Jimenez ( 6 - 9 ) gave up six hits and two runs in six innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Anderson 's two - out , two - run double . The Rockies had runners on first and second with one out in the fourth , but Lowe escaped the jam by getting Clint Barmes to ground into a double play . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Matt Diaz walked , stole second and scored on Anderson 's two - out double into the right - field corner .
PHOENIX -- The Florida Marlins had a big night at the plate . Dan Uggla tied a career high with four hits , including a go - ahead RBI double in the eighth inning , and the Marlins rallied for a 14 - 7 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night . Jeremy Hermida hit a solo home run off Scott Schoeneweis ( 1 - 1 ) in the sixth inning , and Jeremy Hermida and Jorge Cantu also homered for the Marlins . Kiko Calero ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . The Marlins had 17 hits , two shy of their season high , in a season - high 17 games -- the longest in the majors this season . The Marlins had 17 hits , including three by Jeremy Hermida , who had three hits . Jorge Cantu hit a two - run homer and Jorge Cantu added a solo shot for the Marlins . Kiko Calero ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . The Marlins had 17 hits , one shy of their season high , in a season - high 17 games -- the most in the majors this season . Chris Young had a two - run triple for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Kiko Calero ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Florida starter Andrew Miller gave up six runs -- two earned -- and five hits in 2 2/3 innings . He left after 2 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He gave up five runs -- two earned -- and five hits .
MILWAUKEE -- Joel Pineiro 's first complete game of the season . Pineiro pitched a three - hitter for his first complete game of the season , Ryan Ludwick hit a three - run homer and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Milwaukee Brewers 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Pineiro ( 7 - 9 ) allowed one run and three hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out five and walked none . Pineiro ( 7 - 9 ) allowed one run and three hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Pineiro ( 7 - 9 ) allowed one run and three hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Pineiro , who has won his last three starts , struck out five and walked none . He retired the side in order in the first and third innings , and did n't allow another hit until Prince Fielder 's one - out single in the fifth . Pineiro struck out five and walked none in his second complete game of the season . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Prince Fielder doubled and scored on Mike Cameron 's single . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Prince Fielder doubled and scored on Mike Cameron 's single . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Prince Fielder doubled and scored on Mike Cameron 's single . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on Mike Cameron 's RBI single .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants have been waiting for Tim Lincecum to find a way to beat the San Diego Padres . Lincecum struck out eight in 6 2/3 innings , Juan Uribe hit a two - run homer and the Giants beat the Padres 9 - 3 on Tuesday night . Lincecum ( 10 - 2 ) allowed three runs and three hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked four . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.16 ERA in four starts against the Padres this season . Josh Geer ( 1 - 4 ) lasted just 4 2/3 innings , giving up six runs and seven hits . He did n't walk a batter and struck out four . Geer ( 1 - 4 ) lasted just 4 2/3 innings , giving up six runs and seven hits . He did n't walk a batter and struck out four . Geer ( 1 - 4 ) allowed six runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Geer ( 1 - 4 ) allowed six runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Geer ( 1 - 4 ) allowed six runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Geer allowed six runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Geer allowed six runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Tampa Bay manager Joe Maddon was happy to see his team get a win . Ben Zobrist hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs , Ben Zobrist hit a three - run homer and the Rays beat the Toronto Blue Jays 10 - 9 on Tuesday night . Zobrist hit a three - run homer off Brian Tallet in the fourth inning and drove in a run with a single in the sixth . J. P. Howell ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Jason Frasor ( 5 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up a one - out single to Carl Crawford to start the ninth . Zobrist hit a three - run homer off Brian Tallet that put the Rays ahead 8 - 5. J. P. Howell ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Rays starter Scott Kazmir gave up seven runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Scott Rolen 's RBI single and a two - run single by Marco Scutaro . The Blue Jays tied it at 5 in the fourth on an RBI fielder 's choice by Raul Chavez and a two - run single by Marco Scutaro . Kazmir allowed seven runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a solo homer by Wells and a solo shot by Wells . The Blue Jays tied it at 5 in the second on an RBI fielder 's choice by Raul Chavez and a two - run single by Marco Scutaro .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The New York Yankees have been waiting for CC Sabathia to find a way to beat the Minnesota Twins . Sabathia pitched seven innings of three - hit ball , Mark Teixeira had a career - high four hits and the Yankees beat the Twins 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Sabathia ( 8 - 5 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings , striking out three and walking one . The right - hander is 5 - 0 in his last seven starts against the Twins , who have lost six of seven . Sabathia ( 8 - 5 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings , striking out three and walking one . He has won four of his last five starts and is 5 - 0 with a 1.32 ERA in his last seven starts . Sabathia ( 8 - 5 ) gave up one run and three hits in seven innings , striking out three and walking one . The right - hander improved to 4 - 0 in his last seven starts against the Twins . Scott Baker ( 6 - 7 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in three - plus innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Baker ( 6 - 7 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in three - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts , but he 's 0 - 5 in his last seven starts . The Yankees scored in the first when Nick Swisher walked , stole second and scored on a two - out single by Nick Swisher . The Yankees made it 3 - 0 in the second on Nick Swisher 's RBI single and Hideki Matsui 's RBI single .
WASHINGTON -- John Lannan did n't have his best stuff of the season . Lannan pitched eight innings of three - run ball , Adam Dunn homered and the Washington Nationals beat the Atlanta Braves 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Lannan ( 6 - 5 ) allowed three runs and nine hits in eight innings . He walked one and struck out one . Mike Gonzalez ( 3 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing three runs and one hit in one - third of an inning . Gonzalez ( 3 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up a leadoff single to pinch - hitter Ronnie Belliard to start the eighth . Peter Moylan came on to face Dunn , who hit a 1 - 0 pitch into the right - field seats for his fourth homer of the season . Dunn 's homer was the first of his career , and he also had a two - run single in the eighth . Mike Gonzalez ( 3 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing three runs and one hit in one - third of an inning . Mike Gonzalez ( 3 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing three runs and one hit in one - third of an inning . Mike Gonzalez ( 3 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing three runs and one hit in one - third of an inning . Mike MacDougal pitched the ninth for his fourth save in four chances . He walked pinch - hitter Josh Bard leading off the inning , then gave up a single to pinch - hitter Ronnie Belliard to load the bases . Peter Moylan came on to face Dunn , who hit a 1 - 0 pitch into the right - field corner to tie it at 3 . Dunn hit a 2 - 2 pitch over the wall in right - center to make it 3 - 1 . Dunn hit a solo homer in the seventh to make it 3 - 1 . It was his first home run since May 2 .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- The Texas Rangers have been waiting for David Price to find a way to beat the Tampa Bay Rays . Andruw Jones hit a three - run homer , Taylor Teagarden had a tiebreaking RBI double in the sixth and the Rangers beat the Rays 12 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Rangers have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . Derek Holland ( 2 - 5 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Dioner Navarro hit a three - run homer and Dioner Navarro had a three - run shot for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Derek Holland ( 2 - 5 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Dioner Navarro hit a three - run homer and Dioner Navarro had a three - run shot for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Derek Holland ( 2 - 5 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings for the Rangers , who have won four of five . The Rangers have lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . The Rays have lost five of six . The Rays have lost five of six . The Rays have lost five of six . The Rays have lost five of six . The Rays have lost five of six . The Rays have lost five of six . The Rays have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals have been struggling to score runs in their past two games . They 've got to take advantage of a couple of mistakes . Alberto Callaspo drove in three runs and the Royals beat the Chicago White Sox 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Luke Hochevar ( 4 - 3 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings for the Royals , who have won six of seven . Gavin Floyd ( 6 - 6 ) gave up five runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings , while walking three and striking out four . Floyd ( 6 - 6 ) gave up five runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . Floyd ( 6 - 6 ) gave up five runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . The White Sox have lost six of eight . Gavin Floyd ( 6 - 6 ) gave up five runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . The White Sox have lost six of eight . Gavin Floyd ( 6 - 6 ) gave up five runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . The White Sox scored three runs in the fifth to take a 3 - 0 lead . Alexei Ramirez led off with a double and scored on Dewayne Wise 's two - out single . Dye hit a 2 - 0 pitch over the wall in right - center to give the White Sox a 3 - 0 lead in the third . Dye hit a two - out , two - run homer in the third to give the White Sox a 3 - 0 lead . Dye hit a two - run shot in the third to give the White Sox a 3 - 0 lead .
PHILADELPHIA -- Jimmy Rollins had a big night at the plate . Rollins hit a two - run double in the fourth inning , Jamie Moyer pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the New York Mets 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Moyer ( 7 - 6 ) allowed one run and five hits in 6 1/3 innings to win for the first time in five starts . He struck out one and walked one . Fernando Nieve ( 3 - 2 ) allowed four runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Fernando Nieve ( 3 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked six and struck out three . The Phillies jumped ahead 1 - 0 in the first on Jayson Werth 's sacrifice fly . The Phillies got a run back in the fifth when Nick Evans led off with a double and scored on Jayson Werth 's sacrifice fly . The Mets cut it to 3 - 1 in the fifth on Nick Evans 's two - out single and a run - scoring single by Nick Evans . The Mets got a run back in the fifth on Jayson Werth 's sacrifice fly and Jayson Werth 's sacrifice fly . The Mets cut it to 3 - 1 in the fifth on Nick Evans 's two - out double and a run - scoring single by Rollins . The Mets cut it to 3 - 1 in the fifth on Nick Evans 's two - out double and a run - scoring single by Rollins . The Mets cut it to 3 - 1 in the fifth on an RBI single by Rollins .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- John Danks and the Chicago White Sox are on a roll . Danks pitched shutout ball into the eighth inning , A. J. Pierzynski and A. J. Pierzynski homered and the White Sox beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Danks ( 7 - 6 ) allowed five hits , struck out five and did not walk a batter in 7 1/3 innings . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his past five starts . Scott Linebrink got the final five outs for his second save . Greinke ( 10 - 4 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . Danks ( 7 - 6 ) gave up five hits , struck out five and did not walk a batter . Scott Linebrink got the final five outs for his second save . Greinke ( 10 - 4 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Royals have lost five of their last six games . The Royals were shut out for the third time this season . The Royals were shut out for the third time this season . The Royals were shut out for the third time this season . The Royals were shut out for the third time this season . The Royals were shut out for the third time this season . The Royals were shut out for the third time this season .
CINCINNATI -- Johnny Cueto gave up a leadoff single to Felipe Lopez in the first inning , then walked Chad Tracy to load the bases with one out in the sixth . Cueto struck out Justin Upton to end the threat , and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Cueto ( 8 - 4 ) allowed one hit in six innings , struck out eight and walked four . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last seven starts . Francisco Cordero pitched a perfect ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . Jon Garland ( 4 - 8 ) gave up one run and six hits in six innings for the Diamondbacks , who have lost three of four . Arizona 's Jon Garland ( 4 - 8 ) gave up one run and six hits in six innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . The Diamondbacks have scored only four runs in their last five games . The Diamondbacks have scored three runs or less in five of their last six games . The Diamondbacks have scored three runs or less in five of their last six games . They 've scored only five runs in their last five games .
MIAMI -- Cody Ross and the Florida Marlins are starting to look like a team . Ross hit a go - ahead solo homer in the seventh inning , and the Marlins beat the Washington Nationals 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Ross hit a solo home run in the seventh inning , and the Marlins rallied for a 5 - 3 win over the Nationals . Ross Gload led off the eighth with a single off Julian Tavarez ( 3 - 6 ) and advanced to third on Emilio Bonifacio 's single . Ramirez followed with a run - scoring fielder 's choice . Dan Meyer ( 2 - 0 ) got two outs for the win , and Leo Nunez pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save in five chances . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Josh Willingham . The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the third . Emilio Bonifacio led off with a single , stole second and scored on a two - out double by Ramirez . The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the third . Emilio Bonifacio led off with a single , stole second and scored on a two - out double by Ramirez . The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the third . Emilio Bonifacio led off with a double , moved to third on a groundout and scored on a two - out double by Ramirez . The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the third . Emilio Bonifacio led off with a double and scored on a two - out double by Ramirez . The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the third when Emilio Bonifacio led off with a single and scored on a two - out double by Ramirez .
MILWAUKEE -- Trevor Hoffman got the final out in the Milwaukee Brewers ' 4 - 1 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Hoffman pitched a scoreless ninth for his 29th save in 34 chances . The Brewers have won six of seven and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . Jeff Suppan ( 6 - 8 ) gave up one run and eight hits in six innings for the Brewers . Trevor Hoffman pitched the ninth for his 29th save in 34 chances . Ross Ohlendorf ( 11 - 9 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings for the Pirates . He struck out six and walked two . Ohlendorf ( 11 - 9 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . Ohlendorf ( 11 - 9 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a solo homer by McGehee . The Pirates tied it in the third on a two - out homer by Garrett Jones . The Pirates tied it in the third on a two - out homer by Jones , his 14th of the season . The Pirates tied it in the third on a two - out homer by Jones , his 21st of the season . The Pirates tied it in the third on Jones ' two - out solo homer to right . The Pirates tied it in the third on a two - out homer by Jones , his 14th of the season .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Edgar Renteria 's first career grand slam put the San Francisco Giants ahead to stay . Renteria hit a go - ahead grand slam off Rafael Betancourt in the seventh inning , and the Giants beat the Colorado Rockies 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Renteria hit a go - ahead grand slam off Rafael Betancourt ( 1 - 3 ) in the seventh to give the Giants a 6 - 5 lead . Brandon Medders ( 3 - 1 ) got the win with two outs in the seventh . Troy Tulowitzki had four hits and drove in three runs for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Brandon Medders ( 3 - 1 ) got the win , allowing one hit in two - thirds of an inning . Troy Tulowitzki had four hits and drove in three runs for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Brandon Medders ( 3 - 1 ) got the win in relief of Matt Cain , who allowed four runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Troy Tulowitzki had four hits and drove in three runs for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Colorado starter Jason Hammel allowed two runs and four hits in five - plus innings . He walked one and struck out two . Colorado starter Jason Hammel allowed two runs and four hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out two . Colorado starter Jason Hammel allowed two runs and four hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out two . Colorado starter Jason Hammel allowed two runs and four hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out two .
SEATTLE -- Zack Greinke is pitching like a Cy Young Award winner . Greinke pitched a one - hitter for his first career complete game , leading the Kansas City Royals to a 3 - 0 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Wednesday night . Greinke ( 13 - 8 ) struck out five and walked one , throwing 74 of his 114 pitches for strikes . He threw 74 of 114 pitches for strikes , striking out five and walking one . Greinke ( 13 - 8 ) struck out five and walked one in his second career complete game . He struck out five , walked one and lowered his ERA to 2.32 . Ryan Rowland-Smith ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs and five hits in eight innings for the Mariners . He struck out seven and walked one . It was the first complete game of the season for Rowland-Smith ( 2 - 2 ) , who gave up three runs and five hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Rowland-Smith ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs and five hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Rowland-Smith ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs and five hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Rowland-Smith ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs and five hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Rowland-Smith ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs and five hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Rowland-Smith ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs and five hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked one .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Jason Kubel and the rest of the Minnesota Twins have been waiting for a lot of fun . Kubel hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the fourth inning and the Twins rallied for a 5 - 3 victory over the Texas Rangers on Tuesday night . Kubel 's two - run homer in the fourth gave the Twins a 2 - 1 lead , and Kubel 's two - run homer in the fourth gave the Twins a 2 - 1 lead . Kubel 's two - run homer in the fourth gave the Twins a 2 - 1 lead . It was the first time this season the Twins have hit back - to - back home runs this season . Kubel 's two - run shot in the fourth gave the Twins a 2 - 1 lead , and Kubel 's two - run homer in the fourth gave the Twins a 2 - 1 lead . Kubel 's two - run homer in the fourth gave the Twins a 2 - 1 lead . It was the third time this season the Twins have hit back - to - back home runs . Kubel 's two - run shot in the fourth gave the Twins a 2 - 1 lead . It was the first time this season that the Twins have hit back - to - back home runs this season . Kubel 's two - run homer in the fourth gave the Twins a 2 - 1 lead . It was the first time this season that the Twins have hit back - to - back home runs this season . Kubel 's two - run homer in the fourth gave the Twins a 2 - 1 lead . It was the first time this season that the Twins have hit back - to - back home runs this season . Kubel 's two - run homer in the fourth gave the Twins a 2 - 1 lead . It was the first time this season that the Twins have hit back - to - back home runs this season . Cruz 's two - run shot in the seventh gave the Rangers a 3 - 2 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Baker this season . Baker allowed three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one .
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting for Felix Pie to get a chance to be in the lineup . The Orioles ' first baseman had three hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in four runs to lead the Orioles to a 13 - 4 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Markakis had three hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in three runs , and Matt Wieters had three hits and four RBIs for the Orioles , who took two of three from the AL Central leaders . Jason Berken ( 4 - 11 ) allowed two runs and five hits in five innings for the Orioles , who have won three straight and five of six . Roberto Hernandez ( 3 - 9 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 32 since the All-Star break . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 32 since the All-Star break . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 32 since the All-Star break . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 32 since the All-Star break . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 32 since the All-Star break . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 32 since the All-Star break . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 32 since the All-Star break . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . Cleveland went up 1 - 0 in the first inning when Luis Valbuena doubled and scored on a two - out single by Jhonny Peralta . In the second , Markakis hit a two - out RBI double and scored on a single by Markakis . In the bottom half , Markakis hit a two - out RBI double and scored on a single by Markakis . In the bottom half , Markakis hit a two - out RBI double and scored on a single by Markakis . In the bottom half , Markakis hit a two - out RBI double and scored on a single by Markakis .
BOSTON -- David Ortiz 's first game - ending homer of the season gave the Boston Red Sox a stunning 3 - 2 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Ortiz hit a 1 - 0 pitch from Ramon Pena ( 6 - 5 ) into the seats above the Green Monster to give the Red Sox a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the inning . It was the first game - ending homer of Ortiz 's career and the first game - ending homer of Ortiz 's career . Daniel Bard ( 1 - 1 ) struck out three in 1 1/3 innings for the win . Alex Gonzalez homered for the Red Sox , who won for just the second time in nine games . Daniel Bard ( 1 - 1 ) struck out three in 1 1/3 innings for the win . Boston starter Tim Wakefield gave up one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI triple by Paul Konerko and a run - scoring triple by Paul Konerko . The White Sox tied it in the bottom half on Alex Gonzalez 's first homer of the season . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom half on Alex Gonzalez 's first homer of the season . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom half on Alex Gonzalez 's first homer of the season . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom of the second on a solo homer by Alex Gonzalez . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom of the second on a solo homer by Alex Gonzalez . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom half on Gonzalez 's solo homer .
ATLANTA -- Mat Latos gave the San Diego Padres a much - needed win . Latos allowed two hits in seven scoreless innings , Adrian Gonzalez hit a solo homer and the Padres beat the Atlanta Braves 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Latos ( 5 - 0 ) earned the win with 1 1/3 innings of two - hit ball , striking out four and walking none . Edward Mujica pitched the 12th for his second save . Joe Thatcher ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Edward Mujica pitched the 12th for his second save . Joe Thatcher ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Edward Mujica pitched the 12th for his second save . Jurrjens gave up five hits , one run , two walks and struck out seven in 7 2/3 innings . The right - hander has a 2.91 ERA in his last five starts . The Braves tied it 1 - 1 in the bottom of the inning when Adam LaRoche 's single drove in pinch - runner Reid Gorecki . Adam LaRoche 's single drove in pinch - runner Reid Gorecki , who led off the inning with a single . Adam LaRoche drove in pinch - runner Reid Gorecki with a single off Bell to tie the game at 1 - 1 . Adam LaRoche drove in pinch - runner Reid Gorecki with a single to center field to bring in pinch - runner Reid Gorecki . Adam LaRoche drove in pinch - runner Reid Gorecki with a single to center field to make it 1 - 1 . Adam LaRoche drove in pinch - runner Reid Gorecki with a single to center field to make it 1 - 1 . Adam LaRoche drove in pinch - runner Reid Gorecki with a single to make it 1 - 1 . Adam LaRoche drove in pinch - runner Reid Gorecki with a single to make it 1 - 1 . Adam LaRoche drove in pinch - runner Reid Gorecki with a single to make it 1 - 1 . Adam LaRoche drove in Gorecki with a single off Bell to tie the game at 1 - 1 . Adam LaRoche drove in Atlanta 's first run with a single in the ninth .
ATLANTA -- Brian McCann 's first homer of the season gave the Atlanta Braves a lift . McCann hit a three - run homer and drove in five runs , Matt Diaz had a career - high four hits and the Braves beat the Florida Marlins 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . McCann had a three - run homer in the first inning and a two - run single in the eighth off Kiko Calero ( 2 - 2 ) to give the Braves a 7 - 5 lead . Peter Moylan ( 6 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth for his 20th save in 21 chances . The Braves trailed 5 - 4 in the seventh when Jeremy Hermida led off with a double off Kiko Calero ( 2 - 2 ) and scored on a sacrifice fly by Reid Gorecki . Peter Moylan ( 6 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth for his 20th save in 21 chances . Kiko Calero ( 2 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and one hit in one inning . Florida starter Ricky Nolasco gave up nine hits and four runs in 4 1/3 innings . The Marlins took a 5 - 3 lead in the fourth on Cody Ross ' run - scoring double and Ronny Paulino 's three - run double . The Marlins took a 5 - 3 lead in the fourth . Jeremy Hermida led off with a double and scored on Cody Ross ' double . Paulino followed with a three - run double to give the Marlins a 5 - 3 lead . Lowe gave up nine hits , five runs , three earned , in five innings . He struck out three and walked one .
SAN DIEGO -- The St. Louis Cardinals ' Chris Carpenter did n't have his best stuff . Carpenter pitched seven shutout innings and Matt Holliday hit a three - run homer , leading the Cardinals to a 7 - 0 victory over the San Diego Padres on Wednesday night . Carpenter ( 14 - 3 ) allowed three hits , struck out six and walked three . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.16 ERA in four starts against the Padres this season . Carpenter ( 14 - 3 ) gave up three hits , struck out six and walked three . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in his last five starts . Carpenter ( 14 - 3 ) gave up three hits , struck out six and walked three . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in his last five starts . Carpenter ( 14 - 3 ) allowed three hits , struck out six and walked three . He lowered his ERA to 2.16 . Kevin Correia ( 8 - 10 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . The Padres have lost four of five . Kevin Correia ( 8 - 10 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . The Padres have lost four of five . San Diego 's Kevin Correia ( 8 - 10 ) was charged with five runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . The Padres have lost five of their last six games . San Diego 's Kevin Correia ( 8 - 10 ) allowed five runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Brian Duensing was n't happy with his first win of the season . Duensing pitched five effective innings , Jason Kubel hit a two - run double and the Minnesota Twins beat the Kansas City Royals 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Duensing ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He struck out three and walked one . Matt Guerrier got the final five outs for his first major league save . Kyle Davies ( 4 - 9 ) gave up six runs , four hits and three walks in 5 2/3 innings for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Davies ( 4 - 9 ) gave up six runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . Cuddyer hit a solo home run in the second inning and a two - run double in the third . Davies ( 4 - 9 ) gave up six runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . The Royals took a 3 - 0 lead in the third on Miguel Olivo 's two - run double and Mark Teahen 's run - scoring single . The Royals added a run in the sixth on an RBI single by Mark Teahen and a run - scoring single by Mark Teahen . The Royals scored twice in the seventh to take a 7 - 4 lead . Mark Teahen had three hits , including an RBI single , and Yuniesky Betancourt drove in two runs for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Davies ( 4 - 9 ) gave up six runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three .
CHICAGO -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting for Brian Roberts to find a way to beat the Chicago White Sox . Roberts hit two home runs and drove in three runs , Jeremy Guthrie pitched seven strong innings and the Orioles beat the White Sox 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Roberts hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and a two - run shot in the eighth , giving the Orioles a 3 - 1 lead . It was Roberts ' second multihomer game of the season and second of his career . It was his first multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Gavin Floyd ( 10 - 8 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Floyd ( 10 - 8 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Floyd ( 10 - 8 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Jim Thome homered for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Gavin Floyd ( 10 - 8 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The White Sox have lost five of six . Floyd ( 10 - 8 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The White Sox have lost four of five . Floyd ( 10 - 8 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres are n't going to let Ryan Dempster get a win . Kyle Blanks hit a tiebreaking , two - run homer in the eighth inning , and the Padres beat the Chicago Cubs 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Dempster ( 6 - 7 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in seven innings , struck out 10 and walked three . Derrek Lee homered for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Dempster ( 6 - 7 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in seven innings , struck out 10 and walked three . He had two hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth off Angel Guzman . Dempster ( 6 - 7 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in seven innings , struck out 10 and walked three . He had two hits , including an RBI single in the first . Dempster ( 6 - 7 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in seven innings , struck out 10 and walked three . He had two hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth off Angel Guzman . Dempster ( 6 - 7 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in seven innings , struck out 10 and walked three . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last seven starts . The Padres took a 3 - 1 lead in the third . Will Venable led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch . He scored on Chase Headley 's fielder 's choice grounder . Kouzmanoff followed with an RBI single to give the Padres a 3 - 1 lead . Dempster gave up four runs and eight hits in seven innings , struck out 10 and walked three . The Cubs took a 3 - 1 lead in the third . Will Venable led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch . He scored on Chase Headley 's fielder 's choice grounder . Kouzmanoff followed with an RBI single to give the Padres a 3 - 1 lead .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Ian Kinsler and the rest of the Texas Rangers have been waiting for the rest of the season . Kinsler hit a go - ahead homer in the sixth inning , Dustin Nippert pitched six effective innings and the Rangers beat the Boston Red Sox 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Kinsler hit a solo homer in the second inning off Junichi Tazawa ( 1 - 2 ) , who gave up four runs and 10 hits in five - plus innings . Dustin Pedroia and Dustin Pedroia homered for the Red Sox , who have lost three of four . Dustin Nippert ( 4 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings for the Rangers . Frank Francisco pitched a perfect ninth for his 17th save . Dustin Pedroia and Dustin Pedroia homered for the Red Sox , who have lost three of four . Boston has lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Boston has lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Boston has lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Boston has lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Boston has lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Boston has lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Boston has lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Boston has lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Boston has lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost six of seven .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Julio Borbon had a career - high four hits , including a tiebreaking two - run single in the eighth inning , and the Texas Rangers beat the Boston Red Sox 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Borbon had four hits and scored three runs , and Elvis Andrus had three hits and scored three times . Derek Holland ( 6 - 7 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings to win for the first time in five starts . He struck out three and walked two . Brad Penny ( 7 - 7 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Brad Penny ( 7 - 7 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Penny ( 7 - 7 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked four . Penny ( 7 - 7 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked four . Penny ( 7 - 7 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked four . Penny ( 7 - 7 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked four . Penny ( 7 - 7 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked four . Penny ( 7 - 7 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked four .
BALTIMORE -- John Lackey and the Los Angeles Angels are on a roll . Lackey pitched seven innings of seven - hit ball , Vladimir Guerrero and Robb Quinlan each drove in a run and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Baltimore Orioles 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Lackey ( 8 - 5 ) allowed one run and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Brian Fuentes pitched a perfect ninth for his 33rd save . Chone Figgins had three hits and scored a run for the Angels , who have won four of five . Brian Fuentes pitched a perfect ninth for his 33rd save . Baltimore starter Brian Matusz ( 1 - 2 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and 11 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out seven , walked three and hit a batter . Matusz ( 1 - 2 ) gave up five runs , four earned , and 11 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out seven , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . Matusz ( 1 - 2 ) gave up five runs , four earned , and 11 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out seven , walked three and hit a batter . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against the Angels this season . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a bases - loaded walk to Vladimir Guerrero . The Angels made it 5 - 0 in the third . Erick Aybar led off with a double and scored on a single by Juan Rivera . Juan Rivera followed with an RBI single to make it 5 - 0 .
MILWAUKEE -- Ryan Braun hit two home runs and Yovani Gallardo pitched six strong innings to lead the Milwaukee Brewers to an 11 - 2 victory over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . Braun hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the second and a solo shot in the second . He also hit a solo shot in the second and a solo shot in the second and a solo shot in the second . Braun hit a solo shot in the second and a solo shot in the second . He also hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth and added a sacrifice fly in the fourth . Lopez had three hits , including a three - run homer in the first , and added a sacrifice fly in the fourth . Braun hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the second . He also hit a solo shot in the second and a solo shot in the second . Braun hit a solo shot in the second and a solo shot in the second . He added a sacrifice fly in the fourth . Braun hit a solo home run in the second and a solo shot in the second . He added a sacrifice fly in the fourth . Braun hit a solo shot in the second and a sacrifice fly in the fourth . He also hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth . Lopez had three hits , including a three - run homer in the first , and added a sacrifice fly in the fourth . He also hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth . Braun hit a solo shot in the second and a sacrifice fly in the fourth to make it 10 - 0 .
BOSTON -- Justin Verlander has been the Detroit Tigers ' ace . Verlander pitched eight scoreless innings , Ryan Raburn hit a tiebreaking solo homer and the Tigers beat the Boston Red Sox 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 13 - 6 ) allowed four hits , struck out eight and walked one in eight innings . Fernando Rodney pitched a perfect ninth for his 24th save in 28 chances . Clay Buchholz ( 1 - 3 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and five hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked three . Boston 's Clay Buchholz ( 1 - 3 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and five hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked three . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Miguel Cabrera led off with a double and scored on Raburn 's two - out single . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Miguel Cabrera led off with a double and scored on Raburn 's two - out single . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Miguel Cabrera led off with a double and scored on Raburn 's two - out single . Raburn 's solo homer in the seventh made it 2 - 0 . Buchholz allowed two runs -- one earned -- and five hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked three . Buchholz was coming off his worst start of the season in which he allowed five runs in 3 1/3 innings of a 7 - 4 loss at Detroit . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Raburn 's RBI single .
NEW YORK -- Derek Jeter was hit in the head by a line drive . Jeter was hit by a pitch from Shawn Camp ( 1 - 6 ) with one out in the 11th inning , and the New York Yankees beat the Toronto Blue Jays 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Jeter was hit by a pitch from Shawn Camp ( 1 - 6 ) to start the 11th . He was replaced by pinch - runner John McDonald , who was hit by a pitch from Shawn Camp ( 1 - 6 ) . Jeter was hit by a pitch from Shawn Camp ( 1 - 6 ) and Cano followed with a single to right . Chad Gaudin ( 5 - 10 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . David Robertson struck out the side in the ninth . Shawn Camp ( 1 - 6 ) took the loss . Chad Gaudin ( 5 - 10 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Phil Coke , Phil Coke , David Robertson and Phil Hughes combined for 2 1/3 scoreless innings . Phil Coke , Phil Coke , Phil Hughes , Phil Hughes , Phil Hughes , Phil Hughes , Phil Hughes , Phil Coke and Phil Coke combined for 2 2/3 innings of one - hit relief . Romero allowed three runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . Toronto starter A. J. Burnett gave up three runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jorge Posada 's RBI groundout . The Blue Jays tied it in the sixth on Raul Chavez 's RBI single and a wild pitch .
ATLANTA -- Tommy Hanson did n't have his best stuff of the season . Hanson struck out a career - high nine in 6 2/3 innings , Chipper Jones homered and the Atlanta Braves beat the Washington Nationals 8 - 1 on Tuesday night . Hanson ( 7 - 2 ) allowed one run and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . Hanson ( 7 - 2 ) allowed one run and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . Hanson ( 7 - 2 ) allowed one run and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked none and struck out a season - high nine . Hanson ( 7 - 2 ) allowed one run and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . John Lannan ( 8 - 9 ) gave up six hits and four runs in 4 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out one . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Nyjer Morgan singled , stole second and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's single . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Nyjer Morgan singled , stole second , moved to third on a groundout and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's single . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Nyjer Morgan singled , stole second , moved to third on a groundout and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's single . The Nationals took a 3 - 1 lead in the third . Brian McCann doubled in a run and scored on Brian McCann 's double . Yunel Escobar followed with an RBI double to make it 6 - 1 .
DETROIT -- Miguel Cabrera and the Detroit Tigers did n't have much to do with the Detroit Tigers . Cabrera hit a go - ahead homer in the ninth inning , and the Tigers beat the Minnesota Twins 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Miguel Cabrera and Marcus Thames also homered for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Brandon Lyon ( 5 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 23rd save in 27 chances . Michael Cuddyer homered twice and drove in three runs for the Twins , who have lost three straight and six of seven . Minnesota has lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . Minnesota starter Scott Baker gave up six runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He was replaced by Scott Baker , who gave up six runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Alexi Casilla . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Alexi Casilla . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Alexi Casilla . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Alexi Casilla . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Alexi Casilla . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Alexi Casilla . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Alexi Casilla .
HOUSTON -- Geoff Blum has been impressed with the Houston Astros ' pitching staff . Blum 's two - run homer in the fourth inning gave the Astros a 2 - 0 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Blum 's two - run homer in the fourth gave the Astros a 2 - 0 lead . It was Blum 's second homer of the season , a two - run shot off Yovani Gallardo ( 10 - 9 ) . Blum hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning off Yovani Gallardo ( 10 - 9 ) , who gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings . Gallardo ( 10 - 9 ) allowed six hits and two runs with four walks and four strikeouts in seven innings . Gallardo ( 10 - 9 ) allowed six hits and two runs with four walks and four strikeouts in seven innings . He is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . Gallardo ( 10 - 9 ) allowed six hits and two runs with four walks and four strikeouts in seven innings . He is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . Gallardo allowed six hits and two runs with four walks and four strikeouts in seven innings . He is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . Gallardo has allowed two earned runs or less in each of his last five starts . He has allowed two earned runs or less in each of his last seven starts . The Brewers have lost six of their last seven games . Gallardo allowed six hits and two runs with four walks in seven innings .
DENVER -- The Chicago Cubs ' offense did n't get much better against the Colorado Rockies . Kosuke Fukudome hit a go - ahead homer in the seventh inning , Kosuke Fukudome and Derrek Lee also went deep and the Cubs beat the Rockies 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Ryan Theriot had three hits and drove in a run for the Cubs , who took two of three from the Rockies . Jason Marquis ( 12 - 8 ) gave up five runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked five . Ryan Theriot had three hits and drove in a run for the Cubs , who have won four of five . Jason Marquis ( 12 - 8 ) gave up five runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out four . Marquis ( 12 - 8 ) allowed five runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked five . The Rockies took a 4 - 2 lead in the fourth on Ian Stewart 's RBI single and Omar Quintanilla 's two - out , two - run single . Dempster ( 6 - 5 ) gave up five runs -- five earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Kevin Gregg pitched the ninth for his 22nd save in 25 chances . Marquis ( 12 - 8 ) allowed five runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked five . The Rockies took a 4 - 2 lead in the fourth on Ian Stewart 's RBI single and Omar Quintanilla 's two - out , two - run single . The Rockies took a 4 - 2 lead in the fourth on Ian Stewart 's RBI single and Omar Quintanilla 's two - out , two - run single .
PHILADELPHIA -- Ricky Nolasco has been a big part of the Florida Marlins ' rotation . Nolasco pitched seven strong innings , Nick Johnson and Cody Ross hit solo homers and the Marlins beat the Philadelphia Phillies 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Nolasco ( 8 - 7 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking two . He has won four of his last five starts . Leo Nunez pitched a perfect ninth for his 10th save in 12 chances . Joe Blanton ( 7 - 6 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Blanton ( 7 - 6 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings , striking out four and walking one . Ben Francisco hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Blanton ( 7 - 6 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI double by Dan Uggla . Johnson led off the second with a solo shot to right to make it 3 - 0 . It was the first home run allowed this season by Blanton , who allowed eight hits and three runs in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Johnson led off the second with a homer to right to make it 3 - 0 . Johnson connected in the second to make it 3 - 0 . Johnson connected in the second .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Bruce Chen and the Kansas City Royals are on a roll . Chen pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Mark Teahen hit a two - run double and the Kansas City Royals beat the Seattle Mariners 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Chen ( 1 - 6 ) allowed two runs and 10 hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Mike Sweeney homered and Adrian Beltre had four hits for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Jason Vargas ( 3 - 6 ) gave up eight runs and nine hits in seven innings . Adrian Beltre had four hits for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Jason Vargas ( 3 - 6 ) gave up eight runs and nine hits in seven innings . Adrian Beltre had four hits for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Vargas ( 3 - 6 ) gave up eight runs , nine hits and three walks in seven innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his past five starts . The Mariners scored five runs in the first inning , including a two - run double by Mark Teahen and an RBI double by Yuniesky Betancourt . The Royals scored five runs in the first inning , including a two - run double by Mark Teahen and an RBI double by Yuniesky Betancourt . The Mariners scored four runs in the bottom of the inning on a two - run double by Alberto Callaspo and a run - scoring double by Alberto Callaspo . Yuniesky Betancourt 's RBI double in the first scored Brayan Pena , who led off the inning with a single . Butler added a run - scoring double in the fifth .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Evan Longoria and the Tampa Bay Rays are on quite a roll . Longoria hit a two - run homer with two outs in the 13th inning to lift the Rays to a 4 - 2 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night . Longoria hit a 1 - 0 pitch from Takashi Saito ( 2 - 3 ) over the left - field wall to tie the game 2 - 2 in the eighth . It was Longoria 's second multihomer game of the season and second this season . Lance Cormier ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect inning to earn the win . The Red Sox have lost five of six . Longoria hit a solo homer in the eighth off Takashi Saito ( 2 - 3 ) , who was making his major league debut . Boston starter Jon Lester gave up one run and three hits in six - plus innings . He struck out 10 and walked two . Lance Cormier ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Jon Lester allowed one run and three hits in six innings for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead on Dustin Pedroia 's second - inning homer , but the Red Sox did n't get another hit until Dustin Pedroia 's leadoff homer in the sixth . Garza gave up two runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . Garza gave up two runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . Garza gave up two runs and three hits in seven innings .
NEW YORK -- Mark Reynolds and the rest of the Arizona Diamondbacks are going to have a lot of fun . Reynolds homered twice and drove in three runs , Dan Haren pitched seven effective innings and the Diamondbacks held on for a 6 - 5 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Reynolds hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the second inning , giving Arizona a 6 - 0 lead in the second inning . Reynolds hit a two - run shot in the second inning and a two - run shot in the second to give the Diamondbacks a 6 - 0 lead . It was Reynolds ' first multihomer game of the season and his first since July 8 , 2011 , against the Chicago White Sox . Reynolds connected again in the second , sending a drive into the left - field seats for his 11th home run of the season . Figueroa ( 0 - 2 ) was tagged for six runs and 10 hits in 1 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He was tagged for a season - high six runs and 10 hits in 1 2/3 innings . Daniel Murphy hit a solo homer for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Figueroa ( 0 - 2 ) gave up 10 hits and six runs in 1 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He lasted just 1 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He gave up 10 hits , including three homers , in just 1 2/3 innings , the shortest outing of his big league career . Figueroa 's ERA rose to 10.57 . He gave up 10 hits and six runs in 1 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Scott Feldman has been a big part of the Texas Rangers ' rotation . Feldman pitched seven innings of five - hit ball , Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit a two - run homer and the Rangers beat the Seattle Mariners 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Feldman ( 10 - 4 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . Feldman ( 10 - 4 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . C. J. Wilson worked the ninth for his 13th save . Sean White ( 2 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and two hits in one inning . Seattle starter Ian Snell gave up two runs and three hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out four . Seattle starter Ian Snell allowed two runs and three hits in six - plus innings . He walked three and struck out four . The Mariners took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth when Rob Johnson led off with a double and scored on Jose Lopez 's RBI groundout . Jose Lopez followed with a run - scoring single to give the Mariners a 2 - 1 lead . Murphy 's solo homer in the first gave the Rangers a 1 - 0 lead . The Rangers tied it in the sixth when Rob Johnson led off with a double and scored on Jose Lopez 's RBI groundout . Jose Lopez followed with an RBI single to give the Mariners a 2 - 1 lead .
CLEVELAND -- Carl Pavano did n't have his best stuff . Pavano pitched eight strong innings , Grady Sizemore hit a two - run homer and the Cleveland Indians beat the Detroit Tigers 11 - 1 on Tuesday night . Pavano ( 9 - 8 ) gave up six hits , struck out four and walked one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in his last five starts . Pavano ( 9 - 8 ) gave up six hits , struck out four and walked one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.32 ERA in four starts against Detroit this season . Armando Galarraga ( 5 - 10 ) gave up a season - high eight runs and 11 hits in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . Galarraga ( 5 - 10 ) gave up a season - high eight runs and 11 hits in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . Galarraga ( 5 - 10 ) gave up a season - high eight runs and 11 hits in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . Galarraga ( 5 - 10 ) gave up a season - high eight runs and 11 hits in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . The Indians have lost five of six . The Tigers have lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of seven .
PITTSBURGH -- Andrew McCutchen hit three home runs and drove in six runs to lead the Pittsburgh Pirates to an 11 - 6 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . McCutchen hit a solo homer in the first inning and a three - run shot in the fourth , and McCutchen added a three - run shot in the fourth off Craig Stammen ( 3 - 6 ) to give the Pirates an 11 - 4 lead . McCutchen hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning off Craig Stammen ( 3 - 6 ) and added a three - run shot in the fourth off Craig Stammen ( 3 - 6 ) to give the Pirates an 11 - 4 lead . It was McCutchen 's third three - homer game of the season and first since July 31 , 2011 , against the Mets . McCutchen has homered in three straight games for the first time this season . He also had a two - run double in the third inning and a three - run homer in the fourth off Craig Stammen ( 3 - 6 ) . McCutchen had a career - high six hits , including a three - run homer in the fourth inning off Craig Stammen ( 3 - 6 ) . McCutchen had a career - high six hits , including a three - run homer in the fourth inning off Craig Stammen ( 3 - 6 ) . McCutchen had a career - high six hits , including a three - run homer in the fourth inning off Craig Stammen ( 3 - 6 ) . McCutchen had a career - high six hits , including a three - run homer in the fourth off Craig Stammen ( 3 - 6 ) , who was charged with six runs and eight hits in three - plus innings . Stammen ( 2 - 5 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in five - plus innings . He walked two and struck out two . Vasquez ( 2 - 5 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in five - plus innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Nationals scored twice in the first on RBI doubles by Cristian Guzman and Josh Bard , and Josh Bard 's RBI double to cut the lead to 7 - 3 in the fifth . The Pirates added a run in the sixth when pinch - hitter Austin Kearns drew a one - out walk and scored on Cristian Guzman 's double to make it 7 - 4 . Elijah Dukes ' sacrifice fly cut the lead to 7 - 4 .
CINCINNATI -- Ubaldo Jimenez has been one of the best pitchers in the majors . The right - hander pitched eight innings of five - hit ball , and Seth Smith homered , leading the Colorado Rockies to a 6 - 2 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Jimenez ( 8 - 9 ) gave up five hits and two runs with eight strikeouts in eight innings . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts against the Reds , who have the best record in the majors at 22 - 11 . Jimenez ( 8 - 9 ) gave up five hits , struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander was 0 - 3 in his previous five starts , going 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . The Rockies have won five of their last six games . Jimenez ( 8 - 9 ) gave up five hits , struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander was 0 - 3 in his previous five starts , going 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . Jimenez ( 8 - 9 ) gave up five hits , struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander was 0 - 3 in his previous five starts , going 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . The Rockies have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . Bailey ( 2 - 3 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Bailey ( 2 - 3 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two .
SEATTLE -- Brandon Morrow has been a big part of the Seattle Mariners ' rotation . Ken Griffey Jr. hit a three - run homer , Morrow pitched eight innings of one - hit ball and the Mariners beat the Oakland Athletics 7 - 0 on Tuesday night . Morrow ( 2 - 4 ) struck out nine , walked two and threw 105 pitches . He walked two and struck out nine . Morrow ( 2 - 4 ) struck out nine and walked two in his longest outing of the season . Clayton Mortensen ( 2 - 4 ) was tagged for six runs and eight hits in one inning for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Mortensen ( 2 - 4 ) was tagged for six runs and eight hits in one inning . Mortensen ( 2 - 4 ) was tagged for six runs and eight hits in one - plus innings . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . Oakland has lost six of seven . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season and have lost five of their last six games . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season and have lost five of their last six games . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season and have lost five of their last six games . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season and have been held to one hit in each of the past two games . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season .
DENVER -- Troy Tulowitzki and the Colorado Rockies finally found a way to beat the Milwaukee Brewers . Tulowitzki hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the seventh inning and the Rockies beat the Brewers 10 - 6 on Tuesday night . Todd Helton also homered and Yorvit Torrealba had three hits for the Rockies , who have won four of five . Jason Hammel ( 10 - 8 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings , striking out eight and walking one . He is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Hammel ( 10 - 8 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Hammel ( 10 - 8 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Hammel ( 10 - 8 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Hammel ( 10 - 8 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Hammel ( 10 - 8 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Hammel ( 10 - 8 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a single by Seth Smith . The Brewers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Jason Kendall 's RBI double and Jason Kendall 's run - scoring double in the second . The Brewers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Jason Kendall 's RBI double and Jason Kendall 's run - scoring double in the second . The Brewers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Jason Kendall 's RBI double and Jason Kendall 's run - scoring double in the second . The Brewers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Kendall and a run - scoring double by Kendall . The Brewers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Kendall and a run - scoring double by Kendall .
CINCINNATI -- John Smoltz could n't find a way to beat the St. Louis Cardinals . Laynce Nix hit a grand slam , Bronson Arroyo pitched into the ninth inning and the Cincinnati Reds beat the St. Louis Cardinals 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Smoltz ( 3 - 8 ) gave up six runs and six hits in four - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . He gave up six runs and six hits in four - plus innings . Smoltz ( 3 - 8 ) gave up six runs , six hits and five walks in four - plus innings . Albert Pujols had two hits and an RBI for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Smoltz ( 3 - 8 ) gave up six runs and six hits in four - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . Smoltz ( 3 - 8 ) gave up six runs and six hits in four innings . He walked five and struck out three . Smoltz ( 3 - 8 ) gave up six runs and six hits in four innings . Albert Pujols had two hits and an RBI for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Smoltz ( 3 - 8 ) gave up six runs and six hits in four innings . He walked five and struck out three . Albert Pujols had two hits and an RBI for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Albert Pujols had two hits and an RBI for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Albert Pujols had two hits and an RBI for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Albert Pujols had two hits and an RBI for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five .
ATLANTA -- Ricky Nolasco has been a big part of the Florida Marlins ' rotation . Nolasco struck out a career - high 16 in 7 2/3 innings , Ross Gload hit a two - run homer and the Marlins held on to beat the Atlanta Braves 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Nolasco ( 13 - 9 ) allowed two unearned runs and four hits in 7 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out a season - high 16 . Brendan Donnelly got the final out for his second save . Javier Vazquez ( 15 - 10 ) gave up five hits and five runs -- three earned -- in six innings . He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . Ross Gload hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give Florida a 5 - 0 lead . Ross Gload hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Marlins a 5 - 0 lead . Ross Gload hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give Florida a 5 - 0 lead . Ross Gload hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give Florida a 5 - 0 lead . Vazquez ( 15 - 10 ) gave up eight hits and five runs -- three earned -- in six innings . He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . Ross Gload hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Marlins a 5 - 0 lead . Vazquez allowed eight hits and five runs -- three earned -- in six innings . He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . Vazquez gave up eight hits and five runs -- three earned -- in six innings .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Matt Cain did n't need much run support for the San Francisco Giants . Cain pitched eight innings of three - hit ball , Eli Whiteside had two hits and drove in two runs and the Giants beat the Chicago Cubs 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Cain ( 14 - 7 ) struck out eight and walked two in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Cain ( 14 - 7 ) allowed three hits , walked two and struck out eight to win his third straight start . He struck out eight and walked two . Brian Wilson got the final out for his major league - leading 37th save in 38 chances . Randy Wells ( 11 - 10 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Wells ( 11 - 10 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out one . The Cubs have lost four of five . Wells ( 11 - 10 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out one . The Cubs have lost four of five . Wells ( 11 - 10 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out one . Wells , who had won his previous three starts , gave up five runs and 10 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out one . Wells , who had won his previous three starts , allowed five runs and 10 hits in 5 1/3 innings .
NEW YORK -- CC Sabathia and the New York Yankees did n't need much help from the Boston Red Sox . Sabathia pitched one - hit ball over seven innings , Johnny Damon hit a two - run single in the eighth inning and the Yankees beat the Red Sox 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Sabathia ( 19 - 7 ) struck out eight and walked two in winning for the first time in four starts . He struck out eight and walked two . Sabathia ( 19 - 7 ) struck out eight and walked two in winning his third straight start . He struck out eight and walked two . Phil Hughes struck out two in a perfect eighth , and Mariano Rivera got three outs for his major league - leading 43rd save in 45 chances . Sabathia ( 19 - 7 ) struck out eight and walked two in winning for the first time in four starts . He struck out eight and walked two . Phil Hughes struck out two in a perfect eighth , and Mariano Rivera got three outs for his 43rd save . Matsuzaka ( 3 - 6 ) gave up six hits in seven innings , walking five and striking out three . He is winless in his last three starts . The Red Sox have lost five of six . Matsuzaka ( 3 - 6 ) gave up six hits , walked five and struck out three in seven innings . He is winless in his last three starts . The Red Sox have lost five of six . Matsuzaka ( 3 - 6 ) gave up six hits , walked five and struck out three in seven innings . He is winless in his last three starts .
HOUSTON -- Cincinnati Reds manager Dusty Baker was happy to see his team win the game . Jay Bruce hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , Laynce Nix added a two - run shot and the Reds beat the Houston Astros 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . Bruce hit a two - run homer in the second inning , a two - run double in the fifth and a two - run double in the fifth that made it 8 - 2 . Bruce hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Bruce added a two - run shot in the ninth for the Reds . Miguel Tejada had four hits and drove in two runs for the Astros . Miguel Tejada had four hits and drove in two runs for the Astros . Miguel Tejada had four hits and drove in two runs for the Astros . Miguel Tejada had four hits and drove in two runs for the Astros . Miguel Tejada had four hits and drove in two runs for the Astros . Miguel Tejada had four hits and drove in two runs for the Astros . Miguel Tejada had four hits and drove in two runs for the Astros , who have lost three of four . Miguel Tejada had a career - high four hits for the Astros , including a solo homer in the second . The Reds cut the lead to 5 - 2 in the third on a solo homer by Hunter Pence , his 21st of the season . Tejada 's RBI single in the fifth cut the lead to 8 - 4 . Tejada 's RBI single cut it to 8 - 4 in the bottom of the inning .
CLEVELAND -- Fausto Carmona is making his first start since being called up from Triple-A Columbus . Carmona ( 4 - 12 ) allowed two runs and nine hits in six innings to help the Cleveland Indians beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Carmona ( 4 - 12 ) allowed two runs and nine hits over six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Hernandez ( 4 - 12 ) allowed two runs and nine hits over six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Kerry Wood pitched a perfect ninth for his 20th save in 22 chances . David Hernandez ( 4 - 9 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Hernandez ( 4 - 12 ) allowed two runs and nine hits over six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Kerry Wood pitched the ninth for his 20th save in 22 chances . David Hernandez ( 4 - 9 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in six innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Orioles have lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Hernandez ( 4 - 9 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in six innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in four starts since being recalled from Triple-A Norfolk on Aug. 1 . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Luke Scott led off with a double and scored on Michael Aubrey 's single .
CLEVELAND -- Edwin Jackson did n't have his best stuff . Jackson pitched seven shutout innings , Ryan Raburn hit a solo homer and the Detroit Tigers beat the Cleveland Indians 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Jackson ( 13 - 7 ) gave up seven hits , walked three and struck out two . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Jackson ( 13 - 7 ) gave up seven hits , walked three and struck out two . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 34th save . Aaron Laffey ( 7 - 7 ) gave up one run and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . Laffey ( 7 - 7 ) gave up one run and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Indians have lost six of seven . Laffey gave up one run and seven hits over 6 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Indians , who have lost six of seven , fell to 0 - 5 on their homestand . Laffey gave up one run and seven hits over 6 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts .
NEW YORK -- Tim Redding was n't as sharp as he was in his previous start , when he gave up two runs in the seventh inning of a loss to the New York Mets on Sunday . The New York Mets ' right - hander pitched seven solid innings , leading the Mets to a 3 - 2 victory over the Nationals . Redding ( 3 - 6 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in seven - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . Francisco Rodriguez struck out two in a perfect ninth for his 32nd save in 34 chances . John Lannan ( 9 - 12 ) gave up three runs and five hits in seven - plus innings . He struck out three and walked one . Redding ( 3 - 6 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in seven - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth for his 32nd save in 34 chances . John Lannan ( 9 - 12 ) gave up three runs and five hits in seven - plus innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Adam Dunn . The Nationals tied it in the seventh . Cristian Guzman led off with a single , moved to third on Ryan Zimmerman 's single and scored on Adam Dunn 's single . The Nationals tied it in the seventh . Cristian Guzman led off with a single , moved to third on Ryan Zimmerman 's single and scored on Adam Dunn 's single .
PHOENIX -- The Colorado Rockies have been waiting for pinch - hitter Jason Giambi to come through in a big way . Giambi hit a pinch - hit , three - run homer in the ninth inning , and the Rockies beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 10 - 4 on Wednesday night . Carlos Gonzalez and Carlos Gonzalez also homered for the Rockies , who have won four of five . Hammel ( 9 - 8 ) allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings , striking out five and walking two . Justin Upton hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Justin Upton hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Justin Upton hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Justin Upton hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Arizona has lost four of five . Justin Upton hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Arizona has lost four of five . The Diamondbacks have lost five of six . Arizona has lost four of five . The Diamondbacks have lost five of six . Arizona has lost four of five . The Diamondbacks have lost five of six . Arizona has lost four of five . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Justin Upton 's three - run homer and a three - run shot by Upton .
MILWAUKEE -- Trevor Hoffman has been the Milwaukee Brewers ' closer . Hoffman pitched a perfect ninth inning for his 34th save , leading the Brewers to a 3 - 2 victory over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . Hoffman pitched a perfect ninth for his 34th save in 38 chances . The Brewers have lost four of five . David Weathers ( 4 - 5 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win , and Trevor Hoffman pitched a perfect ninth for his 34th save in 38 chances . Lance Berkman homered for the Astros , who have lost four of five . David Weathers ( 4 - 5 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Trevor Byrdak , the fourth Astros reliever , struck out the only two batters he faced in the eighth . David Weathers ( 4 - 5 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Trevor Byrdak got the final out in the eighth , and David Weathers ( 4 - 5 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Milwaukee starter Bud Norris gave up one run and three hits in five innings . He struck out eight and walked three . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Berkman 's second homer of the season . The Brewers tied it in the third on a two - out RBI single by Corey Hart . The Astros tied it in the bottom of the inning on a two - out RBI single by Corey Hart . Milwaukee tied it in the bottom of the inning on a two - out RBI single by Corey Hart . The Astros tied it in the third on a two - out RBI single by Corey Hart .
ST. LOUIS -- Sean West has been a big part of the Florida Marlins ' rotation . Dan Uggla hit a two - run homer , Dan Uggla added a two - run shot and the Marlins beat Adam Wainwright and the St. Louis Cardinals 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . West ( 7 - 5 ) gave up one run and six hits in six innings , striking out nine and walking three . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in his last five starts . Leo Nunez pitched a perfect ninth for his 21st save in 26 chances . Wainwright ( 18 - 8 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Cardinals have lost five of six . Albert Pujols had two hits and drove in a run for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Albert Pujols had two hits and drove in a run for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Albert Pujols had two hits and sacrifice flies for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Albert Pujols had two hits and sacrifice flies for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Wainwright ( 18 - 8 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked one . St. Louis starter Adam Wainwright ( 18 - 8 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked one . St. Louis starter Adam Wainwright ( 18 - 8 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked one .
CINCINNATI -- The Cincinnati Reds have been waiting for Roy Oswalt to find a way to beat the Houston Astros . Scott Rolen hit a go - ahead double in the sixth inning , Scott Rolen drove in two runs and the Reds rallied to beat the Astros 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Drew Stubbs and Drew Stubbs also homered for the Reds , who have won four of five . Daniel Herrera ( 4 - 4 ) pitched one - third of an inning for the win . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth for his 36th save in 39 chances . The Reds have lost six of their last seven games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games .
SEATTLE -- Bobby Jenks and the Chicago White Sox held on for a 6 - 3 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . Jenks got the final three outs for his 29th save in 34 chances . The White Sox won for the sixth time in seven games and improved to 6 - 1 on their nine - game road trip . Freddy Garcia ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings for the White Sox . Bobby Jenks pitched the ninth for his 29th save in 31 chances . He struck out pinch - hitter Josh Wilson with runners on first and second to end the game . Jenks struck out pinch - hitter Josh Wilson with runners on first and second to end the game . The White Sox have won five of their last six games and have the worst record in the American League . Freddy Garcia ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings for the White Sox . Bobby Jenks pitched the ninth for his 29th save in 31 chances . He struck out pinch - hitter Josh Wilson with runners on first and second to end the game . Mariners starter Ian Snell allowed two runs and five hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out four . Seattle starter Ian Snell allowed two runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He walked two and struck out four . Mariners starter Ian Snell allowed two runs and five hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out four . Seattle starter Ian Snell allowed two runs and five hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out four .
CINCINNATI -- Bronson Arroyo has been one of the best pitchers in the majors . The right - hander pitched seven innings of six - hit ball , Brandon Phillips homered and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Houston Astros 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Arroyo ( 13 - 12 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings , striking out six and walking none . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in four career starts against the Astros . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth for his 35th save in 37 chances . Wandy Rodriguez ( 13 - 10 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Rodriguez ( 13 - 10 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Rodriguez ( 13 - 10 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Rodriguez ( 13 - 10 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Rodriguez ( 13 - 10 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Rodriguez ( 13 - 10 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Rodriguez ( 13 - 10 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Rodriguez ( 13 - 10 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants have been waiting for Tim Lincecum to find a way to beat the Colorado Rockies . Lincecum struck out 11 in seven innings , Eugenio Velez drove in a career - high four runs and the Giants beat the Rockies 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Lincecum ( 14 - 5 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings , struck out 11 and walked four . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 2.64 ERA in his last four starts . Lincecum ( 14 - 5 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out 11 . Bob Howry , Jeremy Affeldt and Bob Howry each pitched an inning to complete the six - hitter . Jason Hammel ( 8 - 8 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings for the Rockies , who have lost three of four . Hammel ( 8 - 8 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out five . The Rockies have lost five of six . Hammel ( 8 - 8 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out five . The Rockies have lost five of their last six games and have dropped eight of 10 overall . Hammel ( 8 - 8 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out five . The Rockies have lost five of their last six games and have dropped eight of 10 overall . Hammel ( 8 - 8 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals have n't been able to do much better against the Detroit Tigers this season . Billy Butler had a go - ahead sacrifice fly in the seventh inning , and the Royals rallied for a 7 - 5 victory over the Tigers on Wednesday night . The Royals have won four straight and six of eight . The Royals have lost six of seven and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Royals have lost four of five . Yasuhiko Yabuta ( 1 - 1 ) got the win with 2 1/3 innings of scoreless relief . Joakim Soria struck out the side in the ninth for his 23rd save in 26 chances . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Detroit starter Rick Porcello gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out four . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Aubrey Huff 's two - out RBI single . The Tigers took a 3 - 2 lead in the third on Aubrey Huff 's two - out , two - run single . The Royals took a 3 - 2 lead in the third on Aubrey Huff 's two - run single . The Royals took a 3 - 2 lead in the third on Aubrey Huff 's two - run single . The Royals took a 3 - 2 lead in the third on Aubrey Huff 's two - run single . The Royals took a 3 - 2 lead in the third on Aubrey Huff 's two - run single . The Royals took a 3 - 2 lead in the third on Aubrey Huff 's two - run single .
DENVER -- Eric Young Jr. made the most of it . Young homered in the sixth inning and the Colorado Rockies beat the Cincinnati Reds 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Marquis ( 15 - 10 ) allowed one run and four hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Franklin Morales pitched the ninth for his fifth save in five chances . Matt Maloney ( 0 - 4 ) gave up one run and four hits in five innings for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Matt Maloney ( 0 - 4 ) gave up one run and four hits in five innings for the Reds , who have lost four of five . The Reds have lost six of their last seven . The Reds have lost seven of their last nine games . The Reds have lost seven of their last nine games . The Reds have lost seven of their last nine games . The Reds have lost seven of their last nine games . The Reds have lost seven of their last nine games . The Reds have lost seven of their last nine games . The Reds have lost seven of their last nine games . The Reds have lost seven of their last nine games . The Reds have lost seven of their last nine games . The Reds have lost seven of their last nine games . The Reds have lost seven of their last nine games . The Reds have lost seven of their last nine games . The Reds have lost seven of their last nine games . The Reds have lost seven of their last nine games . The Reds have lost six of seven .
NEW YORK -- Nick Swisher and the New York Yankees are starting to come up with a big hit . Swisher hit a game - ending solo homer in the bottom of the ninth inning , lifting the Yankees to a 3 - 2 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Nick Swisher homered from both sides of the plate for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Mariano Rivera ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Mariano Rivera ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Mariano Rivera ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . David Price allowed two runs and three hits in six innings , striking out six and walking two . Evan Longoria hit a solo homer off Phil Hughes in the eighth for the Rays , who have lost six of seven . David Price allowed two runs and three hits in six innings , striking out six and walking two . The right - hander was coming off his worst start of the season in a loss to the New York Yankees in his previous start , when he gave up six runs in 4 1/3 innings of a 7 - 5 loss to the Rays . The right - hander had been 0 - 3 in five starts since beating the New York Yankees on June 3 . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a solo homer by Bartlett . It was the first run allowed by Gaudin in the first two games of the four - game series . Gaudin allowed one run and six hits in six innings , striking out six and walking two .
CHICAGO -- Carlos Quentin and the Chicago White Sox are starting to feel good at the plate . Quentin hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning , Mark Buehrle pitched seven strong innings and the White Sox beat the Boston Red Sox 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . The White Sox won for just the second time in eight games . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Beckett ( 14 - 6 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . Beckett ( 14 - 6 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . Beckett ( 14 - 6 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . Beckett ( 14 - 6 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jacoby Ellsbury led off with a double and scored on Kevin Youkilis ' single . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jacoby Ellsbury led off with a double and scored on Kevin Youkilis ' single . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jacoby Ellsbury led off with a double and scored on Kevin Youkilis ' single . The White Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth , but Buehrle escaped the jam by getting Mike Lowell to ground into a double play . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the fourth , but Buehrle escaped the jam by getting Mike Lowell to fly out .
TORONTO -- The New York Yankees did n't need much offense to beat the Toronto Blue Jays . Mark Teixeira hit a go - ahead homer in the fifth inning , Andy Pettitte pitched six innings to win his third straight start and the Yankees beat the Blue Jays 6 - 4 on Tuesday night , handing the Blue Jays their fourth straight loss . Pettitte ( 13 - 6 ) allowed four runs and four hits in six - plus innings . He walked five and struck out three . Pettitte ( 13 - 6 ) allowed four runs and four hits in six - plus innings . He walked five and struck out three . Pettitte ( 13 - 6 ) allowed four runs and four hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out three . David Robertson worked the seventh and Phil Hughes finished for his third save . Brett Cecil ( 6 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . Blue Jays left - hander Brett Cecil ( 6 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . Blue Jays left - hander Brett Cecil ( 6 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . Blue Jays right - hander Brett Cecil ( 6 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . Cecil ( 6 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four .
ST. LOUIS -- The St. Louis Cardinals ' offense has been a problem for the St. Louis Cardinals . Skip Schumaker had three hits and drove in two runs , Skip Schumaker had three hits and drove in two runs , and the Cardinals beat the Milwaukee Brewers 10 - 3 on Tuesday night . Yadier Molina had three hits and two RBIs , and Yadier Molina had three hits and two RBIs , and Yadier Molina had three hits and two RBIs . Yadier Molina had three hits and two RBIs , and Yadier Molina had three hits and two RBIs , and Yadier Molina had three hits and two RBIs for St. Louis . Dave Bush ( 3 - 6 ) gave up a season - high eight runs and 11 hits in 3 1/3 innings . The Brewers have lost four of five . Casey McGehee had a pair of RBI singles for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Frank Catalanotto had three hits for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Casey McGehee had two hits and drove in two runs for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Frank Catalanotto had three hits for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Frank Catalanotto had three hits for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Frank Catalanotto had three hits for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Frank Catalanotto had three hits for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Casey McGehee hit a two - out RBI single in the first for Milwaukee , which has lost four of five . Casey McGehee hit a two - out RBI single in the first for Milwaukee , which has lost four of five .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres are n't going to have a winning streak . Kevin Correia pitched 7 2/3 innings of three - hit ball , Adrian Gonzalez hit a two - run double and the Padres beat the Washington Nationals 7 - 0 on Tuesday night . Correia ( 10 - 10 ) allowed three hits , walked two and struck out five in 7 2/3 innings , his longest outing of the season . The right - hander is 3 - 1 in his last five starts . Edward Mujica , Edward Mujica , Edward Mujica and Edward Mujica combined for four innings of one - hit ball for the Padres . John Lannan ( 8 - 10 ) allowed five runs and six hits in five innings , struck out three and walked four . The Nationals have lost four of five . John Lannan ( 8 - 10 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings , struck out three and walked four . The Nationals have lost five of six . The Nationals have lost five of six . The Nationals have lost five of six . The Nationals have lost five of six . The Nationals have lost five of six . The Nationals have lost four of five . Lannan ( 8 - 10 ) allowed five runs and six hits in five innings , struck out three and walked four . The Nationals have lost five of their last six games . Lannan ( 8 - 10 ) allowed five runs and six hits in five innings , struck out three and walked four . The Nationals have lost five of their last six games . Lannan allowed five runs and six hits in five innings .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have n't had a winning record since the All-Star break . Matt Kemp and Matt Kemp homered , Matt Kemp homered and the Dodgers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Matt Kemp and Matt Kemp also homered for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Ronald Belisario ( 3 - 3 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings of one - hit relief and Jonathan Broxton got three outs for his 30th save in 30 chances . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games , and Jonathan Broxton pitched a scoreless ninth for his 30th save in 33 chances . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games and have the second - best record in the majors behind the Los Angeles Dodgers in the NL West . Ronald Belisario ( 3 - 3 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings of one - hit relief and Jonathan Broxton got three outs for his 30th save in 30 chances . The Dodgers took a 3 - 1 lead in the third . Russell Martin led off with a double and scored on Andre Ethier 's two - out single to center . Ronald Belisario ( 3 - 3 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Jonathan Broxton pitched the ninth for his 30th save in 34 chances . Arizona starter Vicente Padilla gave up one run and four hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out five and walked two . The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 7.71 ERA in his previous five starts . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a two - out RBI single by Andre Ethier . The Dodgers tied it in the sixth on Rusty Ryal 's two - out RBI single . Arizona starter Vicente Padilla gave up one run and four hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out five and walked two . The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 7.71 ERA in his previous five starts . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Andre Ethier . The Dodgers tied it in the sixth on Gerardo Parra 's two - out RBI single and a run - scoring single by Rusty Ryal .
BALTIMORE -- The New York Yankees have been waiting for Jorge Posada to come through in a big way . Posada hit a pair of two - run homers , Nick Swisher added a two - run shot and the Yankees beat the Baltimore Orioles 9 - 6 on Tuesday night . Posada hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run drive in the fifth , giving the Yankees a 5 - 3 lead . It was Posada 's second multihomer game of the season and second of his career . Damaso Marte ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect seventh inning for the win . Mariano Rivera got three outs for his 38th save in 43 opportunities . Robinson Cano hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Eric Hinske added a solo shot in the seventh . Damaso Marte ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect seventh inning for the win . Mariano Rivera got three outs for his 38th save in 43 chances . The Yankees trailed 6 - 5 before rallying in the sixth . Nick Markakis led off with a double and scored on Melvin Mora 's two - out single . Felix Pie hit a solo homer in the first inning for the Orioles , who have lost three straight and five of six . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the first inning when Markakis hit a one - out double and scored on a one - out single by Cano . The Yankees tied it in the bottom half when Markakis hit a one - out double and scored on a two - out single by Mora . In the bottom half , Cano hit a two - run drive to right , and Cano added a solo shot in the third .
NEW YORK -- Cliff Lee did n't get much help from his defense . Lee threw a six - hitter , Chase Utley homered twice and the Philadelphia Phillies beat CC Sabathia and the New York Yankees 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Lee ( 1 - 0 ) allowed an unearned run and six hits in his first career complete game . He struck out 10 and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . He struck out 10 and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . He threw 122 pitches -- 80 for strikes -- and threw 122 pitches . He threw 122 pitches , 80 for strikes . Sabathia ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out six . Sabathia ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out six . Sabathia ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out six . Sabathia ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out six . The Yankees have lost four of five . Sabathia ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out six . The Yankees have lost six of their last seven postseason games , all on the road . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven and are 1 - 4 in their past two postseason starts .
NEW YORK -- Mark Teixeira and the rest of the New York Yankees have been waiting for a lot to celebrate . Rodriguez hit a tying , two - run homer in the ninth inning off Joe Nathan , and the Yankees rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Mark Teixeira hit a tying , two - run homer off Joe Nathan in the ninth , and Rodriguez hit a tying two - run shot off Joe Nathan in the ninth to give the Yankees a 3 - 1 lead . Mark Teixeira led off the 11th with a homer off Jose Mijares ( 0 - 1 ) , who blew a save for the first time in six chances this season . Rodriguez hit a 3 - 1 pitch from Jose Mijares ( 0 - 1 ) into the right - field seats for his first career game - ending homer . It was the first game - ending hit of Rodriguez 's career , and the first game - ending homer of his big league career . Rodriguez hit a tying , two - run homer in the ninth off Jose Mijares ( 0 - 1 ) , who blew a save for the first time in six chances this season . David Robertson ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Mariano Rivera gave up a two - out RBI single to Nick Punto in the eighth , but Rivera struck out Jason Kubel to end the inning . David Robertson ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Mariano Rivera struck out Jason Kubel with runners on first and second to end the eighth , and David Robertson ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Mariano Rivera gave up an RBI single to Denard Span with two outs in the eighth , then struck out Jason Kubel to end the inning . David Robertson ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Mariano Rivera gave up an RBI single to Denard Span with two outs in the eighth , then struck out Jason Kubel to end it .
SEATTLE -- Felix Hernandez did n't have a chance to become the first 19 - game winner in the major leagues since the All-Star break , and the Seattle Mariners left - hander did n't have a chance to become the first 19 - game winner in the American League . King Felix threw 6 2/3 innings of three - hit ball to lead the Mariners to a 4 - 3 victory over the Texas Rangers on Tuesday night . Hernandez ( 19 - 5 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Hernandez ( 19 - 5 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . David Aardsma pitched the ninth for his 38th save in 41 chances . Scott Feldman ( 17 - 8 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings for the Rangers . He struck out four and walked one . Texas starter Scott Feldman ( 17 - 8 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . Texas starter Scott Feldman ( 17 - 8 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out RBI single by Jose Lopez . The Rangers tied it in the fifth . Ian Kinsler led off with a double and scored on Craig Gentry 's groundout . Chris Davis ' RBI groundout in the seventh made it 4 - 3 .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Philadelphia Phillies are making a habit of late - inning comebacks . Shane Victorino 's pinch - hit RBI single with two outs in the 10th inning lifted the Phillies to a 7 - 6 victory over the Florida Marlins on Tuesday night . Miguel Cairo led off the bottom of the 10th with a single off Dan Meyer ( 3 - 2 ) and advanced to third on Jayson Werth 's one - out single . Greg Dobbs ' pinch - hit single off Dan Meyer ( 3 - 2 ) scored John Mayberry Jr. , who led off the inning with a single . Victorino followed with an RBI single to make it 7 - 6 . Chad Durbin ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . Dan Meyer ( 3 - 2 ) took the loss for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Florida starter Josh Johnson allowed five runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Chris Coghlan 's RBI double and a run - scoring double by Ronny Paulino . The Phillies tied it in the fourth on Ben Francisco 's RBI single and a run - scoring single by Ben Francisco . The Phillies tied it in the fourth on Ben Francisco 's RBI single and a run - scoring single by Ben Francisco . The Phillies tied it in the fourth on Ben Francisco 's RBI single and a run - scoring single by Ben Francisco . The Phillies tied it in the fourth on Ben Francisco 's RBI single and a run - scoring single by Ben Francisco .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting for Zack Greinke to find a way to beat the Kansas City Royals . Delmon Young hit a three - run double to cap a four - run sixth inning , and the Twins beat the Royals 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Mike Jacobs and Mike Jacobs also homered for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Alex Gordon hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Alex Gordon hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Alex Gordon hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Joe Nathan pitched a perfect ninth for his major league - leading 47th save in 48 chances . The Royals have lost six of seven and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The Royals have lost six of seven and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The Royals have lost six of seven and are a major league - best 26 - 8 at home . The Royals have lost six of seven and are a major league - best 26 - 8 at home . The Royals have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Royals starter Nick Blackburn allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season .
CINCINNATI -- The Cincinnati Reds have been waiting for a lot to celebrate . Joey Votto hit a go - ahead , three - run homer in the sixth inning , Scott Rolen also went deep and the Reds beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Scott Rolen hit a solo homer and Scott Rolen also went deep for the Reds , who have won six of their last seven games . Cueto ( 11 - 11 ) gave up five hits and four runs with four walks and six strikeouts in six innings . Joey Votto hit a solo homer off Anthony Claggett in the eighth inning , giving the Reds the lead for good . Johnny Cueto ( 11 - 11 ) gave up five hits and four runs with four walks and six strikeouts in six innings . Delwyn Young had three hits , including a three - run homer , and Delwyn Young had three hits , including a three - run homer . Delwyn Young had three hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in three runs . Delwyn Young had three hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in three runs for the Pirates . Delwyn Young hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs for the Pirates , who have lost three of four . Duke ( 11 - 16 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He walked five and struck out two . Duke ( 11 - 16 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He walked five and struck out two . Rolen hit a solo homer off Anthony Claggett in the eighth .
SEATTLE -- Doug Fister did n't need much run support for the Seattle Mariners . Fister allowed one run in seven innings , Adrian Beltre hit a solo homer and the Mariners beat the Oakland Athletics 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Fister ( 3 - 4 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings , striking out four and walking one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Fister ( 3 - 4 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . David Aardsma gave up a solo homer to Jack Cust in the ninth but struck out Adam Kennedy for his 37th save in 40 chances . Brett Anderson ( 11 - 11 ) gave up four runs -- one earned -- and eight hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . The A 's have lost five of six and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Anderson ( 11 - 11 ) allowed four runs -- one earned -- and eight hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . It was the first time the A 's have been held to four runs or fewer in a game since July 26 , 2011 , when they were 7 - 2 . Oakland 's Jack Cust hit his 16th homer in the ninth off David Aardsma , who earned his 37th save in 40 chances . The A 's have lost five of their last six games . The A 's have lost four of five . Oakland has lost four of five . The A 's have lost four of five . Oakland has lost four of five . The A 's have lost four of five .
ATLANTA -- Tommy Hanson did n't have his best stuff of the season . Hanson pitched eight strong innings , Jason Heyward hit a two - run homer and the Atlanta Braves beat the Houston Astros 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hanson ( 2 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Billy Wagner pitched a hitless ninth for his second save . Brett Myers ( 1 - 2 ) gave up six hits , four runs , four walks and struck out five in seven innings for the Astros , who have lost four of five . The Astros took two of three from the Astros , who have lost six of seven . The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Martin Prado led off with a single , moved to second on Heyward 's throwing error and scored on Heyward 's first homer of the season . Heyward 's two - run homer in the third gave the Braves a 4 - 2 lead . The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Martin Prado led off with a single , moved to second on Heyward 's throwing error and scored on Heyward 's first homer of the season . Heyward 's two - run homer in the third gave the Braves a 4 - 2 lead . The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Martin Prado led off with a single , Troy Glaus walked and Heyward hit his second homer of the season into the right - field seats . The Braves tied it in the second . Geoff Blum led off with a single , moved to third on Carlos Lee 's single and scored on Hunter Pence 's single . J. R. Towles followed with an RBI single .
DENVER -- Chris Young had a big night at the plate . Young hit a three - run homer and drove in five runs , Kelly Johnson also went deep and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the Colorado Rockies 12 - 11 on Tuesday night . The Diamondbacks scored six runs in the first inning , including a three - run homer by Kelly Johnson and a three - run shot by Kelly Johnson . Young had a three - run homer in the first inning and a three - run shot in the first inning off Kris Benson , who gave up seven runs -- seven earned -- and four hits in two - plus innings . The Diamondbacks scored six runs in the third off Kris Benson , highlighted by Troy Tulowitzki 's two - run double and Melvin Mora 's two - run double . Melvin Mora had a two - run double and Melvin Mora had a two - run double for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Bob Howry ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Juan Gutierrez pitched the 10th for his first career save . Dexter Fowler had three hits , including a homer , and Melvin Mora had two hits and drove in two runs for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Bob Howry ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Juan Gutierrez pitched the 10th for his first career save . Colorado starter Kris Benson allowed seven runs -- four earned -- and four hits in two - plus innings . Juan Gutierrez pitched a scoreless 10th for his first career save . Arizona starter Kris Benson allowed seven runs -- four earned -- and four hits in two - plus innings . He walked two and struck out two .
ST. LOUIS -- Cardinals manager Tony La Russa was happy to see the St. Louis Cardinals get back on track . Bryan Anderson 's pinch - hit double in the eighth inning tied it at 3 , and the Cardinals rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . Colby Rasmus and Colby Rasmus also homered for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Dennys Reyes ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Ryan Franklin allowed two hits in the ninth before finishing for his seventh save in seven chances . Takashi Saito ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up a leadoff double to Ryan Ludwick in the eighth and a walk to Skip Schumaker . Yadier Molina followed with an RBI double to tie it at 3 . Dennys Reyes ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth , and Ryan Franklin worked the ninth for his seventh save in seven chances . Dennys Reyes ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Ryan Franklin worked the ninth for his seventh save in seven chances . Franklin gave up a two - out double to Matt Diaz and a two - out single to Matt Diaz , but struck out Yunel Escobar for his seventh save in seven chances . Franklin gave up a two - out double to Matt Diaz and a two - out single to Matt Diaz , but struck out Yunel Escobar for his seventh save in seven chances . Franklin gave up a two - out double to Matt Diaz and a two - out single to Matt Diaz , but struck out Yunel Escobar for his seventh save in seven chances . Hudson allowed three runs and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Braves scored three runs in the third to take a 3 - 0 lead . Melky Cabrera led off with a double and scored on Brian McCann 's sacrifice fly . Brian McCann 's sacrifice fly and Nate McLouth 's RBI double made it 3 - 0 in the fourth .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Brian Bannister did n't have his best stuff , but he did n't need much help . Bannister ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings to lead the Kansas City Royals to a 4 - 3 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Bannister ( 1 - 1 ) , who was acquired in a trade with the Chicago White Sox last month , allowed two runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked two and did not strike out a batter . Bannister ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked two and did not strike out a batter . Justin Morneau homered and drove in two runs for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Kevin Slowey ( 2 - 2 ) gave up four runs , eight hits and three walks in 5 1/3 innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Slowey ( 2 - 2 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Alberto Callaspo led off with a single and scored on Guillen 's sacrifice fly . The Twins took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on J. J. Hardy 's RBI single . The Royals tied it in the fourth when Alberto Callaspo led off with a double and scored on Guillen 's sacrifice fly . The Royals tied it in the fourth on Mitch Maier 's two - out single , and Guillen 's homer in the fifth .
HOUSTON -- Brett Myers did n't have his best stuff of the season . Myers pitched six solid innings and Carlos Lee drove in two runs , leading the Houston Astros to a 10 - 3 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Myers ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs and 11 hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Myers ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs and 11 hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Andy LaRoche had four hits and drove in two runs for the Pirates . Andy LaRoche had four hits and drove in two runs for the Pirates . Andy LaRoche had four hits and drove in two runs for the Pirates . Andy LaRoche had four hits and drove in two runs for the Pirates . Andy LaRoche had four hits and drove in two runs for the Pirates . Andy LaRoche had four hits and drove in two runs for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Andy LaRoche had four hits and drove in two runs for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Pittsburgh starter Charlie Morton ( 0 - 4 ) allowed five runs and five hits with two strikeouts in three - plus innings . Berkman hit his first homer of the season in the second inning to tie it 1 - 1 . Tommy Manzella 's RBI double and Feliz 's two - run single made it 5 - 1 . Berkman tied it at 1 with a solo homer to the Crawford Boxes in left field in the second inning . Berkman tied it at 1 with a solo shot to the Crawford Boxes in left field .
BOSTON -- David Ortiz and the Boston Red Sox did n't need much offense . Ortiz hit a solo homer in the second inning and the Red Sox beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Ortiz hit a solo homer in the second inning and a sacrifice fly in the third to give Boston a 2 - 0 lead . Manny Delcarmen ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his fourth save in five chances . Adam Jones hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Manny Delcarmen ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his fourth save in five chances . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on J. D. Drew 's sacrifice fly and Adrian Beltre 's run - scoring double - play grounder . Boston made it 3 - 0 in the fifth when J. D. Drew led off with a double and scored on J. D. Drew 's sacrifice fly . Manny Delcarmen ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his fourth save in five chances . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on J. D. Drew 's sacrifice fly and Adrian Beltre 's RBI double . Boston made it 3 - 0 in the fifth when Jeremy Hermida led off with a double and scored on J. D. Drew 's sacrifice fly . The Orioles took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on J. D. Drew 's sacrifice fly .
WASHINGTON -- Adam Dunn 's first home run of the season gave the Washington Nationals a 5 - 1 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Friday night . Dunn hit a pair of solo homers , Luis Atilano ( 1 - 0 ) pitched six innings of one - run ball and Adam Dunn homered twice , leading the Nationals to a 5 - 1 victory . Atilano ( 1 - 0 ) gave up one run and five hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out one . Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard and Miguel Batista each pitched a perfect inning to complete the five - hitter . Charlie Haeger ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Haeger ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . Haeger ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Justin Maxwell walked , stole second and scored on Adam Kennedy 's single . The Nationals tied it in the fourth . James Loney led off with a double and scored on A. J. Ellis ' groundout . The Nationals tied it in the fourth . James Loney led off with a double and scored on A. J. Ellis ' groundout . The Dodgers tied it in the fourth . James Loney led off with a double and scored on A. J. Ellis ' groundout .
CINCINNATI -- Adrian Gonzalez 's first career grand slam gave the San Diego Padres a 10 - run lead in a 10 - 4 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Friday night . Gonzalez hit a two - run homer off Bronson Arroyo ( 0 - 2 ) , who gave up eight hits and eight runs in three innings . It was his shortest outing of the season . Arroyo ( 0 - 2 ) gave up eight hits and eight runs -- eight earned -- with two walks and no strikeouts in three - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . Kevin Correia ( 3 - 1 ) gave up three hits and three walks in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . Correia ( 3 - 1 ) gave up three hits and three walks while striking out five in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.37 ERA in his last three starts . Correia ( 3 - 1 ) gave up three hits and three walks in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . Correia ( 3 - 1 ) gave up three hits and three walks with five strikeouts in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in four career starts against the Reds . The Padres have won five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games .
PITTSBURGH -- Ryan Braun had a big night at the plate . Braun hit a three - run homer and drove in five runs , Randy Wolf pitched six scoreless innings and the Milwaukee Brewers routed the Pittsburgh Pirates 20 - 0 on Tuesday night . Braun had four hits , including a three - run homer in the third and a three - run shot in the seventh . He also had a two - run single in the fourth and a three - run homer in the seventh off D. J. Carrasco , who gave up six runs and eight hits over 3 2/3 innings in his first start since being recalled from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . McCutchen , who had three hits , had a two - run single in the fourth and a three - run homer in the seventh . Edmonds , who had three hits , added a three - run homer in the seventh . Edmonds , who had three hits , added a three - run homer in the seventh . Edmonds , who had three hits , added a three - run homer in the seventh . Edmonds , who had three hits , drove in five runs , including a three - run homer in the seventh off D. J. Carrasco , who gave up six runs -- six earned -- and eight hits over 3 2/3 innings in his second start since being recalled from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . The Pirates have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost six of seven .
CHICAGO -- The Tampa Bay Rays have been waiting for Sean Rodriguez to come through in a big way . Rodriguez had three hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in four runs , leading the Rays to a 12 - 0 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Rodriguez had three hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in four runs to help the Rays win for the fourth time in five games . The White Sox have lost four of five . Buehrle ( 2 - 2 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season .
WASHINGTON -- Colorado Rockies manager Jim Tracy was n't surprised to see Jorge De La Rosa get the win . The right - hander pitched into the sixth inning , Troy Tulowitzki homered and the Rockies beat the Washington Nationals 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . De La Rosa ( 2 - 1 ) allowed four runs -- four earned -- and seven hits in five - plus innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Nationals have won six of their last seven games and have won six of their last seven . De La Rosa ( 2 - 1 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked four . Jorge De La Rosa ( 2 - 1 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked four . Jorge De La Rosa ( 2 - 1 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked four . Ryan Spilborghs hit a two - run homer and Cristian Guzman had a career - high four hits for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Jorge De La Rosa ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked four . The Nationals scored four runs in the third . Ian Stewart doubled in a run and scored on Ian Stewart 's single . Ian Stewart 's RBI single made it 4 - 0 , and De La Rosa hit a three - run double to make it 8 - 0 . Ian Stewart 's RBI single made it 4 - 0 , and De La Rosa hit a three - run double to make it 8 - 0 .
ATLANTA -- Troy Glaus ' first home run of the season came on a 2 - 2 pitch from Jose Contreras leading off the 10th inning , lifting the Atlanta Braves to a 4 - 3 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Friday night . Glaus hit a 1 - 1 pitch from Jose Contreras ( 0 - 1 ) into the right - field seats for his first career game - ending homer . It was the first game - ending homer of Glaus ' career . Billy Wagner ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 10th inning to earn the win . Jason Heyward hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Ryan Madson . Billy Wagner ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 10th for the win . Kyle Kendrick pitched a career - high eight innings for the Phillies , allowing four hits and two walks while striking out two . The Phillies took a 3 - 0 lead in the seventh . Shane Victorino led off with a single , stole second and scored on Chase Utley 's single . Ryan Howard followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 . The Phillies took a 3 - 0 lead in the seventh . Placido Polanco led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch . Chase Utley drove in Utley with a single to center . Ryan Howard followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 . The Phillies took a 3 - 0 lead in the seventh . Placido Polanco led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch . Utley followed with a run - scoring single to make it 2 - 0 .
BOSTON -- Tampa Bay manager Joe Maddon was n't surprised by his team 's offense . B. J. Upton hit a three - run homer and Jeff Niemann pitched seven strong innings to lead the Rays to an 8 - 2 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night . Upton hit a three - run homer in the third inning , then added a run - scoring triple in the fourth and scored on Ben Zobrist 's sacrifice fly . Jeff Niemann ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven - plus innings . He walked three and struck out four . Niemann ( 1 - 0 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out four . Niemann ( 1 - 0 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out four . Niemann ( 1 - 0 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out four . Niemann ( 1 - 0 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out four . Niemann ( 1 - 0 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out four . Andy Sonnanstine , Andy Sonnanstine and Andy Sonnanstine each pitched two scoreless innings . Niemann ( 1 - 0 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out four . Andy Sonnanstine , Andy Sonnanstine and Andy Sonnanstine each pitched two scoreless innings . Andy Sonnanstine , Andy Sonnanstine and Andy Sonnanstine each pitched two scoreless innings .
SEATTLE -- Doug Fister did n't allow a hit until Ty Wigginton 's two - out homer in the seventh inning , and the Seattle Mariners beat the Baltimore Orioles 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Fister ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked one . Fister ( 2 - 1 ) gave up one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Mariners had 12 hits , all singles , in the first four innings . Seattle starter Brad Bergesen ( 0 - 2 ) gave up seven runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 2 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out none . Bergesen ( 0 - 2 ) was charged with seven runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 2 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out none . Baltimore starter Brad Bergesen ( 0 - 2 ) gave up seven runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 2 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out none . Baltimore starter Brad Bergesen ( 0 - 2 ) gave up seven runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 2 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out none . Baltimore starter Brad Bergesen ( 0 - 2 ) gave up seven runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 2 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out none . Baltimore starter Brad Bergesen ( 0 - 2 ) allowed seven runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 2 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out none .
NEW YORK -- Andy Pettitte and the rest of the New York Yankees have been waiting for him to get back on track . Pettitte allowed four hits in eight innings , Mark Teixeira and Mark Teixeira homered and the Yankees beat the Texas Rangers 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Pettitte ( 2 - 0 ) gave up two runs and four hits in eight innings . He walked three and struck out four . Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth for his fifth save in five chances . Rich Harden ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 3 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked six . Harden ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 3 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked six . Harden ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 3 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked six . Harden ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 3 2/3 innings . He struck out five , walked six and hit a batter . Harden ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 3 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked six . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Robinson Cano 's sacrifice fly . Posada led off the third with his first home run of the season , tying it at 2 . Robinson Cano 's sacrifice fly made it 2 - 2 , and Ramiro Pena followed with a two - run single to make it 4 - 2 . Teixeira 's homer leading off the seventh made it 5 - 2 .
ST. LOUIS -- Joe Mather had a big day at the plate . Mather hit a sacrifice fly in the 18th inning and the New York Mets beat the St. Louis Cardinals 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Mather had three hits and drove in a run with a sacrifice fly in the 16th inning , and Johan Santana allowed four hits in seven scoreless innings for the Mets , who have won four of five . Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 2 1/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . Mike Pelfrey pitched the 19th for his first save in four chances this season . Yadier Molina had three hits and Yadier Molina had three hits and an RBI for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 2 1/3 innings for the win . Mike Pelfrey pitched the 19th for his first save in four chances this season . Pujols went 2 - for - 5 with two walks and scored a run for St. Louis , which has lost four of five . Mather , who had been 0 - for - 13 in the previous three games , was 0 - for - 5 with three strikeouts . The Cardinals had runners on first and second with one out in the 13th , but Mather grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Cardinals had runners on first and second with one out in the 13th , but Mather grounded into a double play and Felipe Lopez flied out to end the inning . The Cardinals had runners on first and second with one out in the 13th , but Mather grounded into a double play and Felipe Lopez struck out .
PHILADELPHIA -- Roy Halladay did n't need much run support for the Philadelphia Phillies . Halladay pitched eight innings of two - run ball , Chase Utley homered and the Phillies beat the Florida Marlins 8 - 6 on Tuesday night . Halladay ( 3 - 0 ) allowed eight hits and struck out four in eight innings to win for the first time in four starts . Ryan Madson got the final two outs for his third save . Halladay ( 3 - 0 ) allowed eight hits , struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Ryan Madson got the final two outs for his third save . Anibal Sanchez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in six innings for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Sanchez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in six - plus innings . He walked four and struck out one . The Phillies jumped on Anibal Sanchez ( 0 - 1 ) for three runs in the first . Ryan Howard hit an RBI single and Castro followed with a two - out RBI single to give the Phillies a 3 - 0 lead . Juan Castro hit a sacrifice fly in the third to make it 5 - 0 . Uggla 's solo homer in the fourth cut it to 5 - 1 , but the Phillies answered with three runs in the bottom half . Uggla led off with a double and scored on Brett Carroll 's two - out double to make it 8 - 3 . Uggla 's solo homer cut it to 5 - 1 in the fourth .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Dallas Braden and the rest of the Oakland Athletics have been waiting for him to get a win . Braden pitched seven strong innings , Cliff Pennington hit a two - run triple and the A 's beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Braden ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and three hits in seven innings , struck out four and walked one . The right - hander is 6 - 0 in his last seven starts against the Orioles . Andrew Bailey pitched the ninth for his first save . Kevin Millwood ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . Millwood ( 0 - 2 ) gave up nine hits and struck out nine in six innings . He struck out nine and did n't allow a hit until Kevin Kouzmanoff 's one - out single in the fourth . Pennington followed with a two - run triple to give the A 's a 4 - 0 lead . Millwood ( 0 - 2 ) gave up nine hits and four runs -- three earned -- in six innings . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Orioles have lost six of their last seven games . Millwood ( 0 - 2 ) allowed nine hits and four runs -- three earned -- in six innings . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season .
PHILADELPHIA -- Ryan Zimmerman 's first career pinch - hit homer was the difference . Zimmerman hit a pinch - hit , two - run homer in the eighth inning to lift the Washington Nationals to a 7 - 5 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Zimmerman 's pinch - hit , two - run homer off Danys Baez ( 0 - 1 ) gave the Nationals a 5 - 4 lead in the eighth . Tyler Clippard ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Matt Capps allowed Chase Utley 's leadoff homer in the ninth before striking out Chase Utley to earn his fourth save . Chase Utley homered for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Tyler Clippard ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings to earn the win . Matt Capps gave up a leadoff homer to Chase Utley in the ninth before striking out Chase Utley to earn his fourth save in four tries . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 - 10 in their last 13 games at Citizens Bank Park . Tyler Clippard ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings to earn the win . Matt Capps gave up a leadoff homer to Chase Utley in the ninth , but got his fourth save in four chances . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 - 10 in their last 13 games . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 - 10 in their last 13 games . They have n't won a series at Citizens Bank Park since July 5 , 2007 . The Phillies have lost six of seven . They have n't won a series at Citizens Bank Park since July 5 , 2007 . The Phillies have lost six of seven and are 2 - 10 in their last 13 games . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 - 10 in their last 13 games . They have n't scored more than three runs in any of their last six games .
CLEVELAND -- Colby Lewis struck out 10 in 5 1/3 innings , and Nelson Cruz and Nelson Cruz homered to lead the Texas Rangers to a 6 - 2 win over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Lewis ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and three hits in 5 1/3 innings , walking four and striking out 10 . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in five career starts against the Indians . Neftali Feliz got the final four outs for his second save . Justin Masterson ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Masterson ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in four career starts against the Rangers , who acquired the right - hander from the New York Yankees in the offseason . The right - hander struck out nine over six innings , allowing four runs -- two earned -- and five hits . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in four career starts against the Rangers , who acquired the right - hander from the New York Yankees in the offseason . The right - hander struck out nine over six innings , allowing four runs -- two earned -- and five hits .
CINCINNATI -- Mike Leake was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . The right - hander gave up a career - high seven walks in 6 2/3 innings , and the Cincinnati Reds rallied for a 3 - 1 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Leake gave up four hits and a career - high seven walks in 6 2/3 innings , leaving with a 1 - 0 lead . The right - hander had a career - high seven walks and five strikeouts in 6 2/3 innings . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth for his second save in three chances . He gave up a one - out single by Kosuke Fukudome and walked Aramis Ramirez before getting Aramis Ramirez to ground into a game - ending double play . Nick Masset ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth for his second save in three chances . He gave up a one - out single to Kosuke Fukudome and walked Aramis Ramirez before getting Aramis Ramirez to ground into a game - ending double play . The Cubs have lost six of their last seven games . The Cubs have lost six of their last seven games . The Cubs have lost seven of their last eight games . The Cubs have lost six of their last seven games . The Cubs have lost six of their last seven games . The Cubs have lost six of their last seven games . The Cubs have lost six of their last seven games . The Cubs have lost six of their last seven games . The Cubs have lost six of their last seven games . They 've scored only one run in their last three games . The Cubs have lost five of their last six games . The Cubs have lost five of their last six games . The Cubs have lost five of their last six games . The Cubs have lost six of their last seven games .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants are hoping to get back on track . Pablo Sandoval hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning , Tim Lincecum struck out 10 and the Giants beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Pablo Sandoval hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and Pablo Sandoval added a two - run shot in the eighth for the Giants , who have won four of five . Lincecum ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out 10 . Jeremy Affeldt pitched two innings for his first career save . Kenshin Kawakami ( 0 - 1 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings for the Braves . He walked one and struck out one . The Braves have lost five of six . Atlanta has lost four of five . The Braves have lost six of their past seven games and have dropped five of six overall . The Braves have lost six of their past seven games and have dropped five of six overall . The Braves have lost five of their past six games and have scored only one run in their past two games . The Giants have lost five of their last six games and have scored only one run in their past two games . The Braves have scored only one run in their past two games . Sandoval 's two - run homer in the eighth gave the Giants a 5 - 2 lead . It was Sandoval 's first home run at AT & T Park this season . He also had an RBI single in the eighth inning of Game 2 of the NL division series .
DETROIT -- Jeremy Bonderman did n't get much help from his defense . Bonderman pitched five - hit ball over five innings , Magglio Ordonez hit a two - run homer and the Detroit Tigers beat the Cleveland Indians 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Bonderman ( 1 - 0 ) gave up one run and one hit in five innings . He struck out five and walked two . Ryan Perry got the last four outs for his first career save . Mitch Talbot ( 0 - 1 ) allowed four runs and six hits in five innings for the Indians . He walked five and struck out one . Travis Hafner had two hits , including an RBI single in the sixth for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Cleveland starter Mitch Talbot ( 0 - 1 ) allowed four runs and six hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out one . The Indians scored in the fourth when Asdrubal Cabrera led off with a double and scored on Travis Hafner 's two - out single . Travis Hafner 's RBI single in the sixth made it 4 - 2 , but Bonderman struck out Grady Sizemore to end the inning . Detroit 's Travis Hafner had two hits and drove in a run for the Indians , who have lost five of their last six games . Cleveland has scored at least six runs in each of its last five games , including three in a row . The Indians have scored three runs or fewer in seven of their last 10 games . Cleveland has scored at least six runs in each of its last five games , including three in a row . The Tigers have lost five of their last six games .
MIAMI -- Hiroki Kuroda did n't need much run support for the Los Angeles Dodgers . Kuroda pitched eight innings of five - hit ball , James Loney hit a two - run double and the Dodgers beat the Florida Marlins 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Kuroda ( 1 - 0 ) allowed an unearned run and five hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Kuroda ( 1 - 0 ) allowed an unearned run and five hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Kuroda ( 1 - 0 ) allowed an unearned run and five hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Chris Volstad ( 0 - 1 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out two , walked one and hit a batter . Volstad ( 0 - 1 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out two and walked one . The Marlins scored an unearned run in the sixth when Cody Ross walked and scored on a single by Jorge Cantu . The Marlins went ahead 1 - 0 in the sixth when Cody Ross walked and scored on Jorge Cantu 's two - out single . The Marlins went ahead 1 - 0 in the sixth when Cody Ross walked and scored on Jorge Cantu 's two - out single . The Marlins went ahead 1 - 0 in the sixth when Cody Ross walked , stole second , took third on a groundout and scored on a single by Jorge Cantu .
PITTSBURGH -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are n't going to let Chad Billingsley get the win . Ronnie Belliard homered and drove in four runs , Ronnie Belliard homered and drove in four runs and the Dodgers beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Billingsley ( 1 - 0 ) gave up one run and five hits in 5 1/3 innings , striking out seven and walking four . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in four starts against the Pirates this season . Billingsley ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Billingsley ( 1 - 0 ) gave up one run and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked four . The Dodgers scored in the first when Ryan Church led off with a double and scored on Delwyn Young 's two - out single . The Pirates added a run in the third when Ryan Church doubled and scored on Delwyn Young 's sacrifice fly . The Pirates added a run in the sixth when Ryan Church doubled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Jeff Clement . The Dodgers added two more runs in the ninth against Hayden Penn . Loney had an RBI triple and Garret Anderson hit a sacrifice fly to make it 10 - 1 . Maholm ( 0 - 1 ) was charged with four runs , six hits and two walks in six - plus innings in his first start of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last seven starts . Maholm ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings , walking two and striking out three .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Miguel Cabrera and the rest of the Detroit Tigers are starting to feel good at the plate . Cabrera had four hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in four runs , leading the Tigers to a 7 - 3 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . Cabrera had four hits , including a three - run homer in the eighth inning , and Magglio Ordonez had three hits , including his first homer of the season . Eddie Bonine ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win . Magglio Ordonez had three hits , including a solo homer , and Magglio Ordonez had three hits for the Tigers . Eddie Bonine ( 1 - 0 ) picked up the win with one inning of relief , and Jose Valverde pitched a perfect ninth for the Tigers . Eddie Bonine ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless sixth inning for the win . The Royals scored twice in the first inning on Billy Butler 's RBI single and Jose Guillen 's run - scoring single . Ordonez led off the sixth with a double and scored on Austin Jackson 's single . Ordonez led off the sixth with a double and scored on Austin Jackson 's single . Cabrera added an RBI single in the ninth off Roman Colon , who was making his first start of the season . Mendoza ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs , four hits and a walk in 1 2/3 innings . The Royals scored in the first on a two - out single by Jose Guillen , but the Royals answered with two in the bottom half . Ordonez led off with a double and scored on Austin Jackson 's single . Ordonez led off the sixth with a double and scored on Austin Jackson 's single . Ordonez led off the sixth with a double and scored on Austin Jackson 's single .
BOSTON -- New York Yankees manager Joe Girardi was n't happy with his team 's latest comeback win . Curtis Granderson hit a leadoff homer in the 10th inning off Jonathan Papelbon , and the Yankees beat the Boston Red Sox 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Papelbon ( 0 - 1 ) walked Mark Teixeira to load the bases with one out in the 10th , then walked Mark Teixeira to force in a run . Mark Teixeira followed with an RBI groundout . Mariano Rivera worked a perfect 10th for his second save of the season . The Red Sox have lost four of five and were swept in a three - game series at Fenway Park for the first time since they were swept in a three - game series at Yankee Stadium last week . The Red Sox were swept in a three - game series at Fenway Park for the first time since they were swept in a three - game series at Yankee Stadium last week . The Red Sox were swept in a three - game series at Fenway Park for the first time since they were swept in a three - game series at Yankee Stadium last week . The Red Sox were swept in a three - game series at Fenway Park for the first time since they were swept in a three - game series at Yankee Stadium last week . The Red Sox were swept in a three - game series at Fenway Park for the first time since they were swept in a three - game series at Yankee Stadium last week . The Red Sox were swept in a three - game series at Fenway Park for the first time since they were swept in a three - game series at Yankee Stadium last week . The Red Sox were swept in a three - game series at Fenway Park for the first time since they were swept in a three - game series at Yankee Stadium last week . The Red Sox were swept in a three - game series at Fenway Park for the first time since they were swept in a three - game series at Yankee Stadium last week . The Red Sox were swept in a three - game series at Fenway Park for the first time since they were swept in a three - game series at Yankee Stadium last week . The Red Sox were swept in a three - game series at Fenway Park for the first time since they were swept in a three - game series at Yankee Stadium last week . The Red Sox were swept in a three - game series at Fenway Park for the first time since they were swept in a three - game series at Yankee Stadium last week . The Red Sox were swept in a three - game series at Fenway Park for the first time since they were swept in a three - game series at Yankee Stadium last week . The Red Sox were swept in a three - game series at Fenway Park for the first time since they were swept in a three - game series at Yankee Stadium last week . The Red Sox were swept in a three - game series at Fenway Park for the first time since they were swept in a three - game series at Yankee Stadium last week . The Red Sox were swept in a three - game series at Fenway Park for the first time since they were swept in a three - game series at Yankee Stadium last week . The Red Sox were swept in a three - game series at Fenway Park for the first time since they were swept in a three - game series at Yankee Stadium last week . The Red Sox were swept in a three - game series at Fenway Park for the first time since they were swept in a three - game series at Yankee Stadium last week . The Red Sox were swept in a three - game series at Fenway Park for the first time since they were swept in a three - game series at Yankee Stadium last week . The Red Sox were swept in a three - game series at Fenway Park for the first time since they were swept in a three - game series at Yankee Stadium last week . The Red Sox were swept in a three - game series at Fenway Park for the first time since they were swept in a three - game series at Yankee Stadium last week . The Red Sox were swept in a three - game series at Fenway Park for the first time since they were swept in a three - game series at Yankee Stadium last week . The Red Sox were swept in a three - game series at Fenway Park for the first time since they were swept in a three - game series at Yankee Stadium last week . The Red Sox were swept in a three - game series at Fenway Park for the first time since they were swept in a three - game series at Yankee Stadium last week . The Red Sox were swept in a three - game series at Fenway Park for the first time since they were swept in a three - game series at Yankee Stadium last week . The Red Sox were swept in a three - game series at Fenway Park for the first time since they were swept in a three - game series at Yankee Stadium last week . New York took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Dustin Pedroia doubled and scored on David Ortiz 's two - out single . The Yankees tied it in the seventh on Nick Swisher 's two - out RBI single .
ATLANTA -- Tommy Hanson did n't have his best stuff of the season . Hanson pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Troy Glaus hit a two - run homer and the Atlanta Braves beat the Philadelphia Phillies 9 - 3 on Wednesday night . Hanson ( 5 - 3 ) allowed three hits , three walks and struck out two in 6 2/3 innings to improve to 3 - 0 in five career starts against the Phillies . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in five starts against the Phillies this season , including a no - hitter in his last start . Hanson ( 5 - 3 ) gave up three hits , three walks and struck out two in 6 2/3 innings . Jesse Chavez , Jesse Chavez , Jesse Chavez , Jesse Chavez , Jesse Chavez , Jesse Chavez , Jesse Chavez and Jesse Chavez combined for 3 2/3 scoreless innings . Blanton ( 1 - 4 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked one . Blanton ( 1 - 4 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked one . Blanton ( 1 - 4 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked one . Blanton ( 1 - 4 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked one . Blanton ( 1 - 4 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked one .
ST. LOUIS -- The St. Louis Cardinals finally found a way to beat the Cincinnati Reds . Ryan Ludwick drove in two runs , Ryan Ludwick had two hits and drove in two runs and the Cardinals routed the Reds 12 - 4 on Tuesday night . Bronson Arroyo ( 5 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and 10 hits in 4 1 - 3 innings for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Arroyo ( 5 - 3 ) was charged with seven runs and 10 hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out one . Arroyo ( 5 - 3 ) was charged with seven runs , 10 hits and five walks in 4 1 - 3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Reds have lost five of six . Arroyo ( 5 - 3 ) was charged with seven runs and 10 hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out one . Arroyo ( 5 - 3 ) was charged with seven runs , 10 hits and five walks in 4 1/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Reds scored four runs in the fourth to take a 4 - 3 lead . Skip Schumaker had a sacrifice fly and Colby Rasmus had an RBI single , giving St. Louis a 5 - 3 lead . Skip Schumaker followed with a sacrifice fly , and Ludwick 's sacrifice fly made it 5 - 3 . Skip Schumaker followed with a sacrifice fly to make it 8 - 3 . Arroyo ( 5 - 3 ) was charged with seven runs -- seven earned -- and 10 hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out one .
LOS ANGELES -- Manny Ramirez and the Los Angeles Dodgers are on a roll . Ramirez hit a solo homer , Matt Kemp had three hits and the Dodgers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 4 - 4 on Tuesday night to snap a four - game skid . Ramirez 's homer in the second inning gave the Dodgers a 4 - 0 lead , and Justin Upton added a solo homer in the second for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Jonathan Broxton ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Justin Upton hit a two - run homer in the first inning for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Arizona starter Rodrigo Lopez gave up four runs -- two earned -- and six hits in eight innings . He struck out four and walked one . Arizona starter Rodrigo Lopez gave up four runs -- two earned -- and six hits in eight innings . He struck out four and walked one . Arizona starter Rodrigo Lopez gave up four runs -- two earned -- and six hits in eight innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Arizona starter Rodrigo Lopez gave up four runs -- two earned -- and six hits in eight innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Arizona starter Rodrigo Lopez gave up four runs -- two earned -- and six hits in eight innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Arizona starter Rodrigo Lopez gave up four runs -- two earned -- and six hits in eight innings . He struck out four and walked one .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Chicago White Sox did n't have much to do with it . Alex Rios hit a two - run homer and Freddy Garcia pitched seven strong innings to lead the White Sox to a 4 - 2 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Alex Rios hit a two - run homer and Ramon Castro also went deep for the White Sox , who have won five of six . Garcia ( 4 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Matt Thornton got four outs for his second save in as many opportunities . David Price ( 7 - 2 ) gave up three runs and four hits in seven innings for the Rays , who have lost five of six . Price ( 7 - 2 ) gave up three runs and four hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out four . Price ( 7 - 2 ) allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out four . Tampa Bay starter David Price ( 7 - 2 ) gave up three runs and four hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out four . Tampa Bay starter David Price ( 7 - 2 ) gave up three runs and four hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out four . Tampa Bay starter David Price ( 7 - 2 ) gave up three runs and four hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out four . Tampa Bay went ahead 1 - 0 on Evan Longoria 's RBI single in the third .
SAN DIEGO -- Ian Desmond has been a big part of the Washington Nationals ' future . Desmond hit a three - run homer and John Lannan pitched seven strong innings to lead the Nationals to a 5 - 3 victory over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night . Willingham hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning off Clayton Richard ( 4 - 3 ) , who allowed four runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Willingham hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning off Clayton Richard ( 4 - 3 ) , who allowed four runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Willingham hit a three - run homer in the fourth to give the Nationals a 3 - 0 lead . Desmond 's RBI single in the ninth extended the Nationals ' lead to 5 - 2 . Richard ( 4 - 3 ) allowed four runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Padres scored in the fourth on Adrian Gonzalez 's RBI single and a run - scoring single by Adrian Gonzalez in the bottom of the inning . Richard allowed four runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Padres scored in the fourth on Adrian Gonzalez 's RBI single . San Diego cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the seventh on an RBI single by Adrian Gonzalez and a run - scoring single by Adrian Gonzalez . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Lannan struck out Will Venable and Will Venable .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The New York Yankees finally found a way to beat the Minnesota Twins . A. J. Burnett pitched five scoreless innings , Derek Jeter homered and the Yankees beat the Twins 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Derek Jeter and Derek Jeter also homered for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Burnett ( 5 - 2 ) allowed three hits and two walks while striking out five in five - plus innings . Mariano Rivera got three outs for his ninth save in nine chances . The Yankees have won five of six and are a major league - best 23 - 8 since June 1 . Burnett ( 5 - 2 ) gave up three hits and two walks while striking out five in five - plus innings . Mariano Rivera worked the ninth for his ninth save in nine chances . Jeter led off the sixth with a drive to right off Brian Duensing ( 2 - 1 ) . It was his third homer of the season and first since July 8 . Mariano Rivera worked a hitless ninth for his ninth save in nine chances . The Twins have lost five of six and are a major league - worst 32 - 19 at home . The Twins have lost seven of their last nine games . The Twins have lost four of five . Jeter led off the sixth with a homer to right - center off Brian Duensing ( 2 - 1 ) . Jeter led off the sixth with a drive to right off Brian Duensing ( 2 - 1 ) . It was his third homer of the season and first since July 8 . The Twins have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season .
DENVER -- Troy Tulowitzki and the rest of the Colorado Rockies ' lineup did n't help . Tulowitzki homered and Jhoulys Chacin pitched six solid innings to lead the Rockies to a 3 - 2 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night . Chacin ( 3 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings , striking out five and walking two . He was lifted for a pinch hitter in the seventh after allowing two runs and four hits . Manny Corpas pitched the ninth for his fourth save in as many chances . Ian Kennedy ( 3 - 3 ) gave up three runs and five hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out two . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Brad Hawpe led off with a home run , Miguel Olivo walked and Miguel Olivo walked to load the bases . Tulowitzki then hit a 2 - 2 pitch into the left - field bleachers for his third homer of the season . Tulowitzki followed with his eighth homer of the season to make it 3 - 0 . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second when Ian Stewart doubled and scored on a wild pitch by Kennedy . Hawpe homered in the third to make it 3 - 0 . Hawpe hit a solo shot in the third to make it 3 - 0 . Hawpe homered in the third to make it 3 - 0 . Hawpe homered in the third to make it 3 - 0 . Hawpe homered in the third to make it 3 - 0 . Hawpe hit a solo shot in the third to make it 3 - 0 .
CLEVELAND -- Bronson Arroyo gave the Cincinnati Reds exactly what they needed . Jonny Gomes hit a two - run homer , Jonny Gomes added a two - run shot and the Reds beat the Cleveland Indians 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Arroyo ( 4 - 2 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in five career starts against the Indians . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 16 chances . The Indians , who have lost five of six , fell to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game road trip . Cleveland starter Jake Westbrook gave up four runs , seven hits and two walks in five - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Indians , who have lost five of six , fell to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game road trip . Cleveland starter Jake Westbrook gave up four runs and seven hits in five - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 7.16 ERA in four starts since being recalled from Triple-A Columbus on April 28 . The Indians have lost six of seven and are 1 - 5 on their 10 - game homestand . Cleveland starter Jake Westbrook gave up four runs and seven hits in five - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 7.16 ERA in four starts since being recalled from Triple-A Columbus on April 28 . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Lou Marson walked and scored on a double by Trevor Crowe . Trevor Crowe 's RBI double and Choo 's two - run homer tied it at 4 in the fifth .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals have n't had much success against the Colorado Rockies this season . Brian Bannister pitched into the eighth inning and Jose Guillen homered twice , leading the Royals to a 9 - 2 victory over the Rockies on Tuesday night . Bannister ( 3 - 3 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Bannister ( 3 - 3 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Bannister ( 3 - 3 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Jason Hammel ( 1 - 3 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Hammel ( 1 - 3 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Rockies have lost four of five . Hammel ( 1 - 3 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Rockies scored three times in the eighth to make it 9 - 2 . Clint Barmes hit a two - run homer off Bannister in the eighth , and Clint Barmes ' two - run homer in the eighth made it 6 - 2 . Hammel allowed five runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Royals tacked on three more runs in the seventh . Jason Kendall had an RBI single and Scott Podsednik hit a sacrifice fly .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Trevor Cahill did n't need much run support for the Oakland Athletics . Cahill pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Rajai Davis drove in three runs and the A 's beat the San Francisco Giants 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Cahill ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one run and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Cahill ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one run and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Cahill ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one run and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out four . Craig Breslow , Craig Breslow and Craig Breslow completed the six - hitter . Barry Zito ( 6 - 2 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out three . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . Zito ( 6 - 2 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out three . The Giants have lost five of their last six games and are 2 - 5 on their current homestand . Zito ( 6 - 2 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out three . The Giants have lost five of their last six games and have dropped six of seven overall . The Giants have lost five of their last six games and have dropped eight of 10 overall . Zito allowed six runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out three .
BALTIMORE -- Luke Scott 's first major league home run gave the Baltimore Orioles their first win of the season . Scott hit his first home run of the season , Corey Patterson also went deep and the Orioles beat the Kansas City Royals 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Scott hit a solo homer in the fifth inning and a solo shot in the eighth . Alfredo Simon ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings of scoreless relief for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Bryan Bullington ( 0 - 1 ) gave up a run and two hits in one - third of an inning . Alfredo Simon ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings of scoreless relief for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Zack Greinke allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Royals took a 3 - 0 lead in the fifth . Alberto Callaspo led off with a double and scored on a single by Chris Getz . Chris Getz followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 0 . Scott hit a two - out RBI single in the fifth to make it 3 - 0 . Scott hit a two - out RBI single in the fifth to make it 3 - 0 . Scott hit a two - out RBI single in the fifth to make it 3 - 0 . Scott hit a two - out RBI single in the fifth to make it 3 - 0 . Scott hit a two - out RBI single in the fifth to make it 3 - 0 . Scott hit an RBI single in the fifth .
CINCINNATI -- Johnny Cueto gave the Cincinnati Reds a much - needed win . Jonny Gomes hit a three - run homer , Jonny Gomes added a three - run shot and the Reds beat the Milwaukee Brewers 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Cueto ( 3 - 1 ) allowed seven hits and one walk while striking out seven in seven innings . Francisco Cordero got the last two outs for his 13th save in 14 chances . Corey Hart hit a pair of solo homers for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Milwaukee starter Yovani Gallardo allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked six . Milwaukee starter Yovani Gallardo gave up four hits and a run in six - plus innings . He struck out five and walked six . Milwaukee starter Yovani Gallardo allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked six . Milwaukee starter Yovani Gallardo allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked six . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Hart hit a 2 - 1 pitch deep into the right - field seats for his second homer of the season . The Brewers tied it in the sixth on Scott Rolen 's sacrifice fly and Gomes ' three - run homer . Gallardo allowed four hits and one run in six innings . He struck out five and walked six . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Hart hit a 2 - 1 pitch into the right - field seats for his second homer of the season . The Brewers tied it in the sixth on Votto 's RBI double .
MIAMI -- The Florida Marlins have been waiting to see the New York Mets so far this season . Nate Robertson pitched effectively into the sixth inning , Cameron Maybin drove in three runs and the Marlins beat the New York Mets 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Robertson ( 4 - 3 ) allowed three runs , two earned , and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked one . Leo Nunez gave up a run in the ninth but held on for his eighth save in nine chances . Oviedo gave up a run - scoring single to Jason Bay and a run - scoring single to Jason Bay before getting pinch - hitter Alex Cora to fly out to end Nunez 's eighth save in nine chances . Oviedo gave up a two - out RBI single to Jason Bay in the ninth before finishing for his eighth save in nine chances . New York 's Luis Castillo had two hits and drove in two runs for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Robertson ( 4 - 3 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked one . Leo Nunez gave up a run in the ninth but held on for his eighth save in nine chances . He gave up a run - scoring single to Jason Bay and a run - scoring single to Jason Bay before retiring pinch - hitter Alex Cora on a fly to center . Nunez gave up a run - scoring single to Jason Bay in the ninth before striking out Ike Davis for his eighth save in nine chances . New York 's Luis Castillo had two hits and drove in two runs for the Mets , who have lost four of five . New York went ahead 3 - 0 in the first on a bases - loaded walk by Dan Uggla and a two - run single by Maybin . The Mets went ahead 3 - 0 in the first on a bases - loaded walk and Maybin 's two - run single . The Mets tied it in the third . Reyes led off with a double and scored on Jason Bay 's single . Castillo followed with a run - scoring single , and Castillo followed with a two - run single to make it 3 - 0 .
CINCINNATI -- The St. Louis Cardinals have been waiting for Albert Pujols to do a little bit of everything . Pujols hit a two - run homer , Jaime Garcia pitched into the seventh inning and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Cincinnati Reds 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Garcia ( 4 - 2 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Garcia ( 4 - 2 ) gave up five hits and two runs with one walk and six strikeouts in 6 1/3 innings . Ryan Franklin gave up Drew Stubbs ' run - scoring fielder 's choice in the ninth before striking out Miguel Cairo for his eighth save in nine chances . Aaron Harang ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in six innings for the Reds , who have lost four of their last five games . Harang ( 2 - 5 ) gave up eight hits and four runs with two walks and five strikeouts in six innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games .
MIAMI -- Hanley Ramirez was n't going to let the game slip away . The Florida Marlins ' closer Leo Nunez ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth inning to beat the New York Mets 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . The Marlins have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost four of five . Florida 's Josh Johnson allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Florida 's Fernando Nieve ( 1 - 2 ) walked Cody Ross and Cody Ross to start the ninth , then gave up a single to Gaby Sanchez and a walk to Cody Ross . Nieve ( 1 - 2 ) intentionally walked Cody Ross to load the bases , and Chris Coghlan hit an RBI single to give the Marlins a 2 - 1 lead . Leo Nunez ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Fernando Nieve ( 1 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing a run and one hit in 1 1/3 innings . The Mets have lost six of their past seven games . Florida 's Josh Johnson allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Jason Bay doubled and scored on Rod Barajas ' single . Florida tied it in the third when Cody Ross doubled and scored on a single by Chris Coghlan . Florida tied it in the third when Cody Ross doubled and scored on a single by Chris Coghlan .
PHOENIX -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have been waiting for Manny Ramirez to come through in a big way . Ramirez hit a go - ahead three - run double in the seventh inning and the Dodgers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Dodgers have won five of their past six games and have the best record in the majors . The Dodgers have won six of their past seven games and have the best record in the majors . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games and have the best record in the majors . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games and have the best record in the majors . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games and have the best record in the majors . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games and have the best record in the majors . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games and have the best record in the majors . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games and have the best record in the majors . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games and have the best record in the majors . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the majors . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games and have the best record in the majors . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games and have the best record in the majors . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games and have the best record in the majors . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games and have the best record in the majors . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games and have the best record in the majors . The Dodgers have won five of their past six games and are a season - high seven games over .500 for the first time this season . Kuroda ( 4 - 1 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in 7 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out nine . Jonathan Broxton pitched the ninth for his fourth save in five tries , striking out the side in the ninth for his fourth save in five tries . The Dodgers have won four of their past five games . The Diamondbacks have lost four of five . Arizona 's Edwin Jackson ( 1 - 5 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out eight .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Carl Pavano did n't have his best stuff . Pavano pitched seven strong innings , Denard Span had two hits and drove in a run and the Minnesota Twins beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Pavano ( 4 - 3 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings , striking out four and walking one . Jon Rauch pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . John Danks ( 3 - 2 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings for Chicago , which has lost four of five . Danks ( 3 - 2 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked three . Danks ( 3 - 2 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked three . Danks ( 3 - 2 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked three . The White Sox scored twice in the first inning . Juan Pierre led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch . He scored on Paul Konerko 's single . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Juan Pierre led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch . He scored on Paul Konerko 's single to center . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning . Juan Pierre led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch . He scored on Paul Konerko 's single . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Pavano got Mark Kotsay to ground into a double play and struck out Mark Kotsay to end the inning .
DETROIT -- Johnny Damon and the Detroit Tigers are starting to look like a team . Boesch hit a two - run single in the first inning , Johnny Damon and Johnny Damon also homered and the Tigers beat the New York Yankees 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Tigers have won six of their last seven games and have the best record in the majors at 26 - 29 . The Tigers have lost six of seven . Eddie Bonine ( 3 - 0 ) got the win with 2 1/3 innings of scoreless relief . Jose Valverde struck out the side in the ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . Sergio Mitre ( 0 - 1 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- and five hits in 4 1/3 innings for New York . He walked two and struck out four . Eddie Bonine ( 3 - 0 ) got the win with 2 1/3 innings of scoreless relief . Jose Valverde struck out the side in the ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . Sergio Mitre ( 0 - 1 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- and five hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out four . The Yankees took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Boesch and a run - scoring groundout by Austin Jackson . The Yankees made it 3 - 0 in the second on an RBI groundout by Austin Jackson and a run - scoring groundout by Austin Jackson in the second . The Yankees made it 3 - 0 in the second on a run - scoring groundout by Austin Jackson , and Boesch 's RBI groundout in the second .
CHICAGO -- The Toronto Blue Jays have n't had much success against the Chicago White Sox this season . Fred Lewis hit a three - run homer , Vernon Wells added a two - run shot and the Blue Jays beat the White Sox 9 - 7 on Tuesday night . Fred Lewis hit a two - run homer and Vernon Wells added a two - run shot for the Blue Jays , who won for the sixth time in seven games . Jason Frasor ( 2 - 1 ) pitched the ninth for the win and Kevin Gregg worked the ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . Alex Rios had four hits , including a solo homer , and Alex Rios went 4 - for - 4 with a home run for the White Sox . Alex Rios went 4 - for - 4 with a home run and three RBIs for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Alex Rios went 4 - for - 4 with a walk and scored three runs for the White Sox . Alex Rios went 4 - for - 4 with a home run and two doubles for the White Sox . Alex Rios went 4 - for - 4 with a home run and an RBI for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Alex Rios went 4 - for - 4 with a home run and an RBI for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Juan Pierre had three hits and drove in two runs for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Chicago starter Gavin Floyd allowed five runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two .
HOUSTON -- Houston manager Cecil Cooper was happy with his team 's game . Hunter Pence hit a game - ending RBI double in the 11th inning to lift the Astros to a 4 - 3 victory over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night . Hunter Pence hit a solo homer in the sixth inning , and Carlos Lee and Carlos Lee also connected for the Astros . Brandon Lyon ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning for the win . Carlos Lee hit a solo homer in the sixth inning and Hunter Pence added a solo shot in the sixth for the Astros . Brandon Lyon ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 11th for the win . Houston starter Tim Stauffer allowed six hits and struck out one in five innings . He was replaced by Edward Mujica , who gave up Pence 's solo homer in the sixth . Oswalt allowed six hits and three runs with nine strikeouts in eight innings . He was replaced by Ryan Webb ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up a single to Lance Berkman to start the inning . Pence followed with a homer to right field to cut the lead to 3 - 2 . Tony Gwynn Jr. singled in a run in the fifth to make it 3 - 0 . Tony Gwynn Jr. had an RBI single in the fifth for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Padres starter Tim Stauffer allowed six hits and struck out one in five innings . He was replaced by Edward Mujica , who gave up Pence 's solo homer in the sixth . Stauffer gave up six hits and struck out one in his first major league start .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Scott Baker has been the Minnesota Twins ' best pitcher so far this season . Baker pitched eight innings of three - hit ball , Delmon Young had three hits and two RBIs and the Twins beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Baker ( 4 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in eight innings , striking out eight . He did n't walk a batter and did n't walk a batter . Baker ( 4 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter . Baker ( 4 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter . Baker ( 4 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter . Luke Scott homered for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Millwood ( 0 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked three . Luke Scott homered for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Millwood ( 0 - 4 ) gave up three runs -- three earned -- and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked three . Luke Scott hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Millwood ( 0 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked three . Luke Scott homered in the fifth for Baltimore .
NEW YORK -- Jason Bay 's first hit with the New York Mets came to an end in a big way . Blanco hit a leadoff homer in the 11th inning to give the Mets a 5 - 4 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night . Bay 's sacrifice fly off Guillermo Mota ( 0 - 1 ) gave the Mets a 4 - 2 lead . Hisanori Takahashi ( 3 - 1 ) struck out two in a perfect 11th for the win . Guillermo Mota ( 0 - 1 ) gave up a homer to Henry Blanco in the 11th . Hisanori Takahashi ( 3 - 1 ) struck out two in a perfect 11th . Guillermo Mota ( 0 - 1 ) retired the first two batters in the 11th before Blanco hit a 1 - 0 pitch into the left - field seats for his second homer of the season . Hisanori Takahashi ( 3 - 1 ) struck out two in a perfect 11th . Takahashi ( 3 - 1 ) struck out two in a perfect 11th . Takahashi ( 3 - 1 ) struck out two in a perfect 11th . Takahashi ( 3 - 1 ) struck out two in a perfect 11th . Takahashi ( 3 - 1 ) struck out two in a perfect 11th . Takahashi ( 3 - 1 ) struck out two in a perfect 11th . Takahashi ( 3 - 1 ) struck out the only batter he faced in the 11th to earn the win . Santana gave up four runs and eight hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . Santana gave up eight hits and four runs in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out six without a walk .
LOS ANGELES -- Jhoulys Chacin did n't have his best stuff of the season . Chacin pitched shutout ball into the eighth inning , Carlos Gonzalez hit a three - run triple and the Colorado Rockies beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 8 - 0 on Tuesday night . Chacin ( 2 - 0 ) struck out seven and walked two in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out seven , walked two and threw 117 pitches . Chacin ( 2 - 0 ) allowed six hits , struck out seven and walked two in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out seven , walked two and threw 117 pitches . Chacin ( 2 - 0 ) struck out seven and walked two in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out seven , walked two and threw a season - high 117 pitches . Charlie Haeger ( 0 - 4 ) gave up five runs , two hits and three walks in one - third of an inning . Haeger ( 0 - 4 ) was charged with five runs , two hits and three walks in one - third of an inning . He walked three and struck out none . Haeger ( 0 - 4 ) was charged with five runs , two hits and three walks in one - third of an inning . The right - hander walked three and struck out none in his first appearance against the Rockies this season . Haeger ( 0 - 4 ) was charged with five runs , two hits and three walks in one - third of an inning . He was charged with five runs , two earned , and two hits in one - third of an inning . Dodgers starter Ramon Ortiz gave up two runs and six hits in five innings , struck out four and walked two . The right - hander was charged with two runs and six hits in five innings with four strikeouts and two walks .
ST. LOUIS -- The St. Louis Cardinals have been waiting for Kyle Lohse to get a win . Lohse allowed one run in seven innings and Albert Pujols hit a go - ahead single in the eighth inning to lead the Cardinals to a 6 - 3 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Lohse allowed one run and five hits , striking out eight without a walk . He also had two hits , including an RBI single in the eighth . Ryan Franklin ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Carlos Fisher ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and two hits in one inning . He walked Skip Schumaker with the bases loaded to force in the go - ahead run . Ryan Franklin ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Carlos Fisher ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and two hits in one inning . He walked Skip Schumaker with the bases loaded in the eighth to make it 6 - 3 . Ryan Franklin ( 1 - 0 ) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief . St. Louis starter Homer Bailey allowed three runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . The Reds took a 3 - 1 lead in the seventh on a run - scoring double by Skip Schumaker and a bases - loaded walk to Pujols . The Reds took a 3 - 1 lead in the seventh on Skip Schumaker 's RBI double and Matt Holliday 's bases - loaded walk . Bailey allowed seven hits and three runs in 6 2/3 innings .
SAN DIEGO -- Yovani Gallardo and the Milwaukee Brewers are on a roll . Gallardo struck out 11 in seven innings , Rickie Weeks homered and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the San Diego Padres 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Gallardo ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings , struck out 11 and walked two . Trevor Hoffman pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save in five chances . Mat Latos ( 1 - 3 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings , struck out four and walked three . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Padres have lost six of their last seven games . The Padres have lost four of five . Latos ( 1 - 3 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings , struck out four and walked three . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 5.40 ERA in his last four starts . Latos had been 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in his previous three starts . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Weeks ' leadoff homer . The Brewers tied it in the third on Adrian Gonzalez 's two - out RBI single . The Padres tied it in the third on Adrian Gonzalez 's two - out RBI single . The Padres tied it in the third on Adrian Gonzalez 's two - out RBI single . The Padres tied it in the third on Adrian Gonzalez 's two - out RBI single . The Padres tied it in the third on Adrian Gonzalez 's two - out RBI single . The Padres tied it in the third on Adrian Gonzalez 's RBI single .
ATLANTA -- Jair Jurrjens gave the Atlanta Braves exactly what they needed . Jurrjens gave up six hits and one run in five innings , and the Braves beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Jurrjens ( 1 - 3 ) gave up six hits and one run in five - plus innings . He struck out six , walked two and hit a batter . Jurrjens ( 1 - 3 ) gave up six hits , one run and two walks in five - plus innings . He struck out six . Billy Wagner pitched a scoreless ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . The Nationals have lost four of five . Martin Prado had a run - scoring double in the first inning and Martin Prado drove in a run with a sacrifice fly in the fourth . Jurrjens ( 1 - 3 ) gave up six hits and one run in five - plus innings . He walked two and struck out six . Billy Wagner pitched the ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . He struck out the side in the ninth . Billy Wagner earned his 16th save in 19 chances . He struck out the side in the ninth to earn his 16th save in 19 chances . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Martin Prado had a run - scoring double in the first inning and Martin Prado drove in a run with a sacrifice fly in the fourth . Martin Prado 's sacrifice fly in the fourth pushed the lead to 3 - 0 . Martin Prado 's sacrifice fly in the fourth pushed the lead to 3 - 0 . Martin Prado 's sacrifice fly in the fourth pushed the lead to 3 - 0 .
SAN DIEGO -- Clayton Richard and the San Diego Padres finally got their offense going . Richard struck out a career - high 10 in seven innings and drove in two runs , leading the Padres to a 13 - 3 rout of the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Richard ( 6 - 4 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings , struck out a career - high 10 and walked one . The right - hander had a career - high 10 strikeouts and walked one . Richard had a two - run double in the second , a two - run double in the second and a two - run double in the second to give the Rockies a 2 - 0 lead . The Padres tied it at 2 in the second on pinch - hitter Seth Smith 's two - out , two - run double . Richard ( 6 - 4 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings , struck out a career - high 10 and walked one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Jeff Francis ( 2 - 3 ) gave up eight runs and seven hits in three - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander struck out none and walked three . The Rockies scored four runs in the first inning off Jeff Francis ( 2 - 3 ) , who gave up eight runs and seven hits in three - plus innings . He struck out none and walked three . The Padres scored four runs in the first inning , including a two - run double by Everth Cabrera . The Padres tied it in the second on pinch - hitter Seth Smith 's two - out , two - run double . The Padres tied it in the second on pinch - hitter Seth Smith 's two - out , two - run double . The Padres tied it in the second on pinch - hitter Seth Smith 's two - out , two - run double . The Padres tied it in the second on pinch - hitter Seth Smith 's two - out , two - run double .
BALTIMORE -- Baltimore Orioles manager Buck Showalter was happy to see his Baltimore Orioles lose their first game of the season . Scott Moore hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and the Orioles beat the Washington Nationals 7 - 6 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Scott Moore hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and pinch - hitter Scott Moore hit a two - run drive in the eighth for the Orioles , who trailed 6 - 0 before scoring four runs in the eighth . Scott Moore hit a two - run homer in the eighth and pinch - hitter Scott Moore hit a two - run drive in the eighth for the Orioles , who have won three of four . Alfredo Clippard ( 8 - 4 ) gave up four runs , three earned , and four hits in 1 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out none . Alfredo Clippard ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the Orioles , who took two of three from the Nationals . Tyler Clippard ( 8 - 4 ) gave up four runs , three earned , and four hits in 1 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out none . Nyjer Morgan had four hits and scored three runs for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Washington starter J. D. Martin lasted only 4 1/3 innings , allowing three runs and four hits . He walked one and struck out two . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning when Morgan doubled , stole third and scored on a groundout by Ivan Rodriguez . Washington made it 3 - 0 in the third . Morgan led off with a single , stole second and scored on a two - out single by Ivan Rodriguez . In the third , Morgan doubled and scored on a single by Ivan Rodriguez . In the fourth , Morgan doubled and scored on a two - out single by Dunn .
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting for Miguel Tejada and the rest of the lineup . Tejada had four hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in four runs to help the Orioles beat the Florida Marlins 11 - 5 on Tuesday night . Tejada had four hits , including a three - run homer in the seventh inning , and Adam Jones had four hits , including a three - run homer in the seventh inning , and Adam Jones went 4 - for - 5 with a homer and two RBIs for the Orioles . Dan Uggla had four hits and drove in three runs for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Dan Uggla had four hits and drove in three runs for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Dan Uggla had four hits and drove in three runs for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Dan Uggla had four hits and drove in three runs for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Florida went up 5 - 3 in the third on a run - scoring single by Ty Wigginton and a run - scoring double by Ty Wigginton . Baltimore closed to 5 - 4 in the fifth on an RBI single by Gaby Sanchez and a run - scoring single by Gaby Sanchez . The Orioles went up 5 - 3 in the third on a run - scoring single by Tatum and a run - scoring double by Tejada . Baltimore closed to 5 - 4 in the fifth on a run - scoring single by Sanchez and a run - scoring single by Gaby Sanchez . The Marlins pulled away with a three - run third . Tatum hit a leadoff double and scored on a single by Ty Wigginton . Uggla followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 0 .
MILWAUKEE -- Milwaukee Brewers manager Ron Roenicke was happy to see Francisco Liriano lose his third straight start . Rickie Weeks had three hits , including a two - run single in the fourth inning , and the Brewers beat the Minnesota Twins 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Rickie Weeks had three hits , including a two - run single in the fourth that put the Brewers ahead 3 - 2 . Rickie Weeks had three hits and drove in three runs for the Brewers . Manny Parra ( 2 - 5 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . John Axford pitched the ninth for his sixth save in six chances . Justin Morneau had three hits for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Manny Parra ( 2 - 5 ) gave up seven hits and two runs in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . John Axford gave up a run in the ninth but held on for his sixth save . Joe Mauer had three hits , including a two - out RBI double in the ninth off Zach Braddock . John Axford gave up a run in the ninth but got Orlando Hudson to ground into a game - ending double play for his sixth save in six chances . The Twins had runners on second and third with one out in the ninth , but Kameron Loe struck out Orlando Hudson and Orlando Hudson to end the threat . Zach Braddock struck out the side in the eighth and John Axford gave up a run in the ninth but held on for his sixth save in seven chances . The Twins took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a two - run single by Delmon Young . The Twins took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a two - run single by Delmon Young . The Twins tied it in the fourth on a two - run single by Delmon Young .
DETROIT -- Detroit Tigers manager Jim Leyland did n't want to use closer Jose Valverde in the ninth inning of a game for the first time in his career . Magglio Ordonez hit a two - run homer in the first inning and the Tigers rallied to beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Brandon Inge had three hits and drove in a run for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Phil Coke ( 5 - 0 ) got two outs in the eighth and Jose Valverde pitched a perfect ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . Arizona 's Dontrelle Willis gave up five runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked four . Phil Coke ( 5 - 0 ) got two outs in the eighth and Jose Valverde pitched a perfect ninth for his 15th save in 17 chances . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Magglio Ordonez , but the Tigers tied it in the fifth on a two - run single by Chris Young and a two - run single by Chris Young . Arizona starter Armando Galarraga allowed four runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Arizona starter Armando Galarraga allowed four runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Ordonez , his 21st of the year . The Tigers tied it in the fifth on a two - run single by Chris Young and a two - run single by Chris Young .
MIAMI -- Alexi Ogando and the rest of the Texas Rangers ' bullpen made the most of it . Ogando pitched 2 1/3 innings of hitless relief , Ian Kinsler drove in three runs and the Rangers beat the Florida Marlins 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Ogando ( 2 - 0 ) struck out four and walked three in 2 1/3 innings . Neftali Feliz pitched the ninth for his 18th save in 21 chances . Ricky Nolasco ( 5 - 6 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in six innings for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Florida 's Ricky Nolasco ( 5 - 6 ) allowed four runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four , walked one and hit a batter . Nolasco ( 5 - 6 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Marlins scored twice in the second on Chris Coghlan 's fielder 's choice and Chris Coghlan 's run - scoring fielder 's choice . Florida went ahead 3 - 0 in the second on Chris Coghlan 's run - scoring fielder 's choice and Chris Coghlan 's run - scoring fielder 's choice . The Rangers went ahead 3 - 0 in the second on Chris Coghlan 's run - scoring fielder 's choice and Chris Coghlan 's run - scoring fielder 's choice . Florida went ahead 3 - 0 in the second on Chris Coghlan 's run - scoring fielder 's choice and Chris Coghlan 's run - scoring fielder 's choice . The Rangers went ahead 3 - 0 in the second on Chris Coghlan 's RBI fielder 's choice .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago Cubs ' offense has been a problem for the Cubs . Starlin Castro drove in two runs and Alfonso Soriano had two RBIs , leading the Cubs to a 6 - 2 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . Ryan Dempster ( 5 - 5 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Dempster ( 5 - 5 ) gave up eight hits and two earned runs in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Dempster ( 5 - 5 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Gio Gonzalez ( 6 - 5 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in five innings for the A 's . He struck out three and walked three . Ryan Sweeney hit a sacrifice fly in the first and Daric Barton had an RBI groundout in the seventh to make it 6 - 2 . Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth for the Cubs . Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth for the Cubs . Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth for the Cubs . Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth for the Cubs . Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth for the Cubs . Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth for the Cubs . Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth for the Cubs . Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth for the Cubs . Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth for the Cubs . Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth for the Cubs . Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth for the Cubs . Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth for the Cubs .
PITTSBURGH -- The Chicago White Sox needed a win for the first time in more than a month . Gordon Beckham drove in three runs , Gordon Beckham drove in three runs and the White Sox beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Gordon Beckham drove in three runs and Alexei Ramirez had two hits and drove in a run for the White Sox , who won for the seventh time in nine games . Freddy Garcia ( 7 - 3 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . Bobby Jenks pitched the ninth for his 12th save . Andrew McCutchen had three hits and scored twice for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Freddy Garcia ( 7 - 3 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . Bobby Jenks pitched the ninth for his 12th save . Andrew McCutchen had three hits and scored twice for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Andrew McCutchen had three hits and scored twice for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Lincoln ( 0 - 1 ) was charged with five runs and six hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Pirates scored twice in the fifth to tie it at 4 . Neil Walker led off with a double and scored on Ryan Doumit 's single . McCutchen followed with a run - scoring single , and Ryan Doumit followed with a run - scoring single to tie it at 4 . Garcia ( 7 - 3 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out one .
DETROIT -- Max Scherzer was n't as sharp as he was in his previous start , when he gave up four runs in the third inning against the New York Mets . Scherzer struck out nine in six innings , Ryan Raburn hit a three - run homer and the Detroit Tigers beat the Washington Nationals 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Scherzer ( 3 - 6 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked two . Scherzer ( 3 - 6 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked two . Jose Valverde pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 16 chances . John Lannan ( 2 - 4 ) gave up seven runs and 10 hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out one . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Ryan Zimmerman . The Tigers tied it in the bottom of the inning when Brandon Inge led off with a double and scored on Raburn 's fielder 's choice . Raburn 's RBI single made it 1 - 1 in the bottom of the inning . The Tigers tied it in the bottom of the inning on a bases - loaded walk to Miguel Cabrera . The Tigers took a 3 - 1 lead in the third on Josh Willingham 's RBI single and Ryan Zimmerman 's sacrifice fly . The Tigers tied it in the bottom of the inning on a bases - loaded walk by Carlos Guillen , and Raburn 's homer made it 7 - 4 in the fifth . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Ryan Zimmerman .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Carl Pavano has been the Minnesota Twins ' most consistent starter this season . Pavano pitched seven strong innings and Jason Kubel hit a two - run homer , leading the Twins to a 9 - 3 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Pavano ( 7 - 6 ) gave up three runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Pavano ( 7 - 6 ) gave up three runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Aaron Cook ( 2 - 4 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Cook ( 2 - 4 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He gave up five earned runs on nine hits and three walks in his first start against the Twins this season . The Rockies have lost five of six . The Rockies have lost five of their last six games . The Twins have lost five of six . The Rockies have lost five of six . The Twins have lost five of six . Colorado has lost five of its last six games . The Rockies have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their 10 - game road trip . The Rockies have lost five of six and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . The Rockies have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their current homestand . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost five of six . Colorado has lost six of seven .
CHICAGO -- Ted Lilly has been pitching so well this season , the Chicago Cubs are n't going to let him know . Lilly pitched eight innings of one - hit ball , and the Cubs beat the Chicago White Sox 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Lilly ( 2 - 5 ) struck out three and walked one , throwing 72 of 108 pitches for strikes . Carlos Marmol pitched the ninth for his 13th save in 14 chances . Floyd ( 2 - 7 ) allowed one run and three hits in a career - high eight innings . He struck out nine and walked three . Floyd ( 2 - 7 ) allowed one run and three hits in a career - high eight innings . He struck out nine and walked three . The White Sox have lost three of four . Floyd ( 2 - 7 ) allowed one run and three hits in a career - high eight innings . He struck out nine and walked three . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . Chicago 's Gavin Floyd ( 2 - 7 ) allowed one run and three hits in a career - high eight innings . He struck out nine and walked three . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . Chicago 's Gavin Floyd ( 2 - 7 ) allowed one run and three hits in a career - high eight innings . He struck out nine and walked three . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . Chicago 's Gavin Floyd ( 2 - 7 ) allowed one run and three hits in a career - high eight innings . He struck out nine and walked three . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . Chicago 's Paul Konerko went 0 - for - 4 with a walk .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants have been waiting for Aubrey Huff to find a way to beat the Oakland Athletics . Huff hit two home runs and drove in four runs , Juan Uribe added a solo shot and the Giants beat the A 's 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Huff hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning and a two - run shot in the eighth to give the Giants a 6 - 2 lead . It was Huff 's second career multi - homer game and his first since Sept. 28 , 2011 , against the A 's . Huff hit a two - run homer in the sixth off Vin Mazzaro ( 2 - 1 ) and added a two - run shot in the eighth . Santiago Casilla got the final four outs for his second save . Vin Mazzaro ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out one . Jack Cust had three hits for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Jack Cust had three hits for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Jack Cust had three hits for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Jack Cust had three hits for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Oakland 's Jack Cust hit a leadoff double in the fourth and scored on Landon Powell 's single . The A 's scored an unearned run in the eighth off Dan Runzler , cutting San Francisco 's lead to 4 - 2 . Landon Powell had an RBI single in the eighth for Oakland .
CLEVELAND -- Fausto Carmona did n't need much help from his teammates . The right - hander pitched a three - hitter for his first career complete game , leading the Cleveland Indians to a 7 - 1 win over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . Hernandez ( 5 - 5 ) allowed one run and three hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in his last four starts . Hernandez ( 5 - 5 ) allowed one run and three hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Ryan Zimmerman hit a solo homer in the eighth for the Nationals , who have lost three of four . Martin Martin ( 0 - 2 ) gave up nine hits and seven runs in 7 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . Martin Martin ( 0 - 2 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 7 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . Martin Martin ( 0 - 2 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 7 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . Martin Martin ( 0 - 2 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 7 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in four starts since being recalled from Triple-A Syracuse on June 8 . Martin Martin ( 0 - 2 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 7 2/3 innings .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Toronto Blue Jays have n't had much success against the Tampa Bay Rays this season . Alex Gonzalez homered and drove in two runs , Brett Cecil pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Blue Jays beat the Rays 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cecil ( 7 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked three . Kevin Gregg gave up a leadoff homer to Sean Rodriguez in the ninth , but struck out Ben Zobrist with runners on first and second to earn his 15th save in 16 chances . Wade Davis ( 5 - 6 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Davis ( 5 - 6 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . The right - hander struck out seven and walked one . Carlos Pena homered for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Davis ( 5 - 6 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Tampa Bay starter Wade Davis ( 5 - 6 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . The right - hander struck out seven and walked one . Davis gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . The right - hander struck out seven and walked one . Davis gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . The right - hander struck out seven and walked one . Davis gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are n't going to let Hiroki Kuroda get a win . The right - hander pitched seven innings of four - hit ball , leading the Dodgers to a 1 - 0 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Wednesday night . Carpenter allowed six hits , struck out five and walked one . The right - hander was coming off a no - decision in St. Louis ' 4 - 2 loss to St. Louis in which he gave up six runs and eight hits in three innings of a 7 - 1 loss to St. Louis . The Dodgers ' Chris Carpenter allowed six hits in seven innings , struck out five and walked one . The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 3.54 ERA in his previous four starts , including a no - decision at Dodger Stadium in which he gave up six runs and eight hits in three innings of a 7 - 1 loss to St. Louis . The Dodgers ' Chris Carpenter gave up six hits in seven innings , struck out five and walked one . The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 3.54 ERA in his previous four starts , including a no - decision at Dodger Stadium in which he gave up six runs and eight hits in three innings of a 7 - 1 loss to St. Louis . The Dodgers ' Chris Carpenter gave up six hits in seven innings , struck out five and walked one . The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 3.54 ERA in his previous four starts , including a no - decision at Dodger Stadium in which he gave up six runs and eight hits in 3 1/3 innings of a 7 - 1 loss to St. Louis . The Dodgers ' Chris Carpenter allowed six hits in seven innings , struck out five and walked one . The right - hander was coming off a no - decision in his previous start against the Los Angeles Dodgers in which he gave up six runs and eight hits in three innings of a 9 - 1 loss at Dodger Stadium . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the eighth when Rafael Furcal led off with a double and scored on Manny Ramirez 's double into the right - field corner . Manny Ramirez 's RBI double in the eighth gave the Dodgers a 1 - 0 lead .
NEW YORK -- The New York Mets finally found a way to beat the Florida Marlins . Jeff Francoeur hit a three - run homer , Jeff Francoeur hit a go - ahead three - run shot in the seventh inning and the Mets rallied for a 7 - 6 victory over the Marlins on Tuesday night . Jeff Francoeur hit a go - ahead , three - run homer off Tim Wood in the seventh inning , and David Wright had three hits for the Mets . Pedro Feliciano ( 2 - 2 ) got one out for the win . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth for his 12th save in 14 chances . Cody Ross hit a three - run homer for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Pedro Feliciano ( 2 - 2 ) got one out for the win . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth for his 12th save in 14 chances . Cody Ross homered and drove in three runs for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Florida starter Ricky Nolasco gave up three runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out two and walked three . Florida starter Ricky Nolasco gave up three runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out two and walked three . Florida starter Ricky Nolasco gave up three runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out two and walked three . Florida starter Ricky Nolasco gave up three runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out two and walked three . Florida starter Ricky Nolasco gave up three runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out two and walked three .
ST. LOUIS -- Milwaukee Brewers manager Ron Roenicke was happy to see Rickie Weeks hit a go - ahead sacrifice fly in the 10th inning and the Brewers beat the St. Louis Cardinals 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Rickie Weeks also homered for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Zach Braddock ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win and John Axford worked the 10th for his fourth save in five chances . Zach Braddock ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . John Axford pitched the 10th for his fourth save in five chances . Albert Pujols homered for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Zach Braddock ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . John Axford pitched the 10th for his fourth save in five chances . The Cardinals tied it at 3 - all in the eighth on a sacrifice fly by Randy Winn . The Cardinals tied it in the eighth on a sacrifice fly by Randy Winn . The Cardinals tied it at 3 - all in the eighth on Randy Winn 's sacrifice fly off Kameron Loe . Kameron Loe got the last out of the eighth , and John Axford pitched the 10th for his fourth save in five chances . Parra gave up two runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out a season - high 10 . Parra gave up four hits and two earned runs in 5 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out a season - high 10 . Parra gave up two runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out a season - high 10 .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- John Jaso and the Tampa Bay Rays took advantage of the Texas Rangers . Jaso hit a two - run homer and drove in five runs , Matt Garza pitched into the sixth inning and the Rays beat the Rangers 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Jaso hit a two - run homer off Rich Harden ( 3 - 2 ) in the third inning and added a two - run single in the eighth . It was the first time the Rays had scored more than three runs in a game since July 26 , 2010 , against Tampa Bay . Matt Treanor had two hits , including a two - run homer in the ninth for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Matt Treanor had two homers and Matt Treanor also went deep for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Matt Treanor had two homers and Matt Treanor also went deep for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Matt Treanor had two homers and Matt Treanor also went deep for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Matt Treanor homered twice for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Matt Treanor had two homers and drove in two runs for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Harden ( 3 - 2 ) gave up four runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked three . Harden , who had won his previous three starts , gave up four runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out six , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . Harden ( 3 - 2 ) allowed four runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked three .
CHICAGO -- Mitch Talbot and the Cleveland Indians are on quite a roll . Talbot ( 7 - 4 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings to lead the Indians to a 3 - 1 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Talbot ( 7 - 4 ) allowed one run and six hits , struck out five and walked three . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 3.54 ERA in four starts against the White Sox this season . Talbot ( 7 - 4 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked three . Kerry Wood pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save in eight chances . Jake Peavy ( 4 - 5 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings for Chicago . He struck out three and walked one . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Shin-Soo Choo singled , stole second and scored on Russell Branyan 's single . The White Sox loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but Talbot escaped the jam by striking out Andruw Jones and getting Alexei Ramirez to ground into an inning - ending double play . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on an RBI single by Russell Branyan . The White Sox loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but Peavy escaped the jam by getting Lou Marson to ground into a double play . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on an RBI single by Russell Branyan . The White Sox loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but Peavy escaped the jam by getting Lou Marson to ground into a double play .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Josh Hamilton and the Texas Rangers had a big night at the plate . Smoak hit a go - ahead home run in the fourth inning , and the Rangers beat the Tampa Bay Rays 9 - 6 on Tuesday night . Smoak had three hits , including a solo homer in the fourth that made it 4 - 3 . He also had an RBI single in the fourth and scored on Michael Young 's two - run single . Hamilton , who had three hits , had three hits , including a solo homer in the fourth and a three - run double in the fourth off Wade Davis ( 5 - 5 ) . Hamilton , who had three hits , had three hits , including a solo homer in the fourth that made it 4 - 3 . Smoak , who had three hits , had three hits , including a solo homer in the fourth that made it 4 - 3 . Davis ( 5 - 5 ) gave up eight runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . Evan Longoria and Evan Longoria hit back - to - back home runs in the seventh for Tampa Bay , which has lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay went ahead 4 - 0 in the second on Carl Crawford 's two - out , two - run single and Carl Crawford 's two - run single in the second . The Rays had a chance to take the lead in the second , when Zobrist was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second on Kelly Shoppach 's single to left . The Rays had runners on first and second with no outs in the third , but Wilson struck out Longoria and Gabe Kapler to end the threat .
ST. LOUIS -- Adam Wainwright did n't need much run support for the St. Louis Cardinals . Wainwright threw a two - hitter , Colby Rasmus and Colby Rasmus hit two - run homers and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Milwaukee Brewers 8 - 0 on Tuesday night . Wainwright ( 8 - 3 ) struck out eight and walked one . He threw 73 of his 103 pitches for strikes . He threw 73 of his 103 pitches for strikes . Randy Wolf ( 4 - 5 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Wolf ( 4 - 5 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out four . The Brewers have lost five of six . Wolf ( 4 - 5 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out four . The Brewers have lost five of six . Wolf ( 4 - 5 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out four . The Brewers have lost five of six . Wolf ( 4 - 5 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out four . The Brewers have lost five of six . Wolf ( 4 - 5 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out four . The Brewers have lost five of six . Wolf ( 4 - 5 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out four .
BOSTON -- The Oakland Athletics have been waiting for Kurt Suzuki to go deep in the clutch . Suzuki hit a solo homer in the eighth inning and the A 's held on to beat the Boston Red Sox 9 - 8 on Tuesday night . Suzuki hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the eighth , giving the A 's a 9 - 6 lead with a two - run shot off Manny Delcarmen . Vin Mazzaro ( 1 - 0 ) gave up three runs in 3 1/3 innings for the win . Andrew Bailey got his 12th save despite giving up a solo homer to Jeremy Hermida in the ninth . Bill Hall went 4 - for - 5 with a homer and two RBIs for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Bill Hall went 4 - for - 5 with a homer and two RBIs for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Bill Hall went 4 - for - 5 with a homer and two RBIs for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Bill Hall went 4 - for - 5 with a homer and two RBIs for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Bill Hall went 4 - for - 5 with a homer and two RBIs for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Wakefield ( 1 - 4 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in six innings , striking out four and walking none . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Adrian Beltre . The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a run - scoring groundout by Adrian Beltre and a run - scoring groundout by Adrian Beltre . The Red Sox cut it to 5 - 3 in the bottom of the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Hall , who had three hits and scored a run .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Jered Weaver did n't need much run support for the Los Angeles Angels . Weaver pitched seven innings of four - hit ball , Torii Hunter hit a two - run homer and the Angels beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Weaver ( 5 - 2 ) allowed four hits , struck out nine and walked one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his past four starts . Weaver ( 5 - 2 ) gave up four hits , walked one and struck out nine . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his past four starts . Weaver ( 5 - 2 ) gave up four hits , walked one and struck out nine . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his past five starts . Brian Fuentes gave up a two - run homer to pinch - hitter Willie Bloomquist in the ninth , but got Billy Butler to ground into a game - ending double play . It was Fuentes ' seventh save in nine opportunities . Zack Greinke ( 1 - 7 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in six innings for Kansas City . He struck out six and walked three . Greinke ( 1 - 7 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . The Royals scored twice in the eighth to make it 4 - 2 on David DeJesus ' RBI single and Willie Bloomquist 's pinch - hit , two - run pinch - hit homer off Brian Fuentes , who got his seventh save in nine chances . The Royals scored twice in the eighth to make it 4 - 2 on David DeJesus ' RBI single and Willie Bloomquist 's pinch - hit , two - run pinch - hit homer off Brian Fuentes , who got his seventh save in nine chances . Greinke ( 1 - 7 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked three .
CHICAGO -- The Texas Rangers have been waiting for Paul Konerko to do a little bit of everything . Treanor hit two home runs , including a two - run shot in the eighth inning , and the Texas Rangers beat the Chicago White Sox 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Scott Feldman ( 3 - 5 ) allowed five runs and eight hits in eight innings for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Feldman ( 3 - 5 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in eight innings . He struck out three and walked three . Josh Hamilton had three hits and drove in two runs for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Scott Feldman ( 3 - 5 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in eight innings for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Feldman ( 3 - 5 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in eight innings . He struck out three and walked three . Paul Konerko homered twice and drove in four runs for Chicago . Scott Feldman ( 3 - 5 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in eight innings for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Feldman ( 3 - 5 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in eight innings . He struck out three and walked three . The White Sox have lost six of eight and are a season - worst 11 games under .500 . Floyd ( 2 - 6 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 2 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He was charged with six earned runs and eight hits in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained muscle in his left side . The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . Konerko hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the White Sox , who have lost four of five .
MIAMI -- Yovani Gallardo and the rest of the Milwaukee Brewers ' bullpen has been a problem for the Brewers . Gallardo pitched seven strong innings , Prince Fielder homered and the Brewers beat the Florida Marlins 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Gallardo ( 6 - 2 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked four . Gallardo ( 6 - 2 ) allowed two runs , one earned , and four hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked four . John Axford got the final five outs for his third save . Jorge Sosa ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up three runs in 1 2/3 innings . Jorge Sosa ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up three runs and three hits in 1 2/3 innings . Florida starter Chris Volstad allowed one run and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four , walked three and hit a batter . Florida 's Chris Volstad allowed one run and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Brewers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third . Brett Carroll led off with a double and scored on Jorge Cantu 's sacrifice fly . Florida took a 2 - 0 lead in the third . Brett Carroll led off with a single , moved to third on Chris Coghlan 's single and scored on Jorge Cantu 's sacrifice fly . The Brewers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third . Brett Carroll led off with a double and scored on Jorge Cantu 's sacrifice fly .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Scott Baker has been pitching well for the Minnesota Twins this season . Jim Thome hit a two - run homer , Alexi Casilla added a two - run shot and the Twins beat the Seattle Mariners 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Baker ( 9 - 9 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out two . Matt Capps pitched the ninth for his 27th save in 31 chances . Doug Fister ( 3 - 7 ) gave up five runs -- two earned -- and five hits in five innings for the Mariners . He struck out three and walked one . The Mariners scored three runs in the sixth to take a 5 - 0 lead . J. J. Hardy led off with a single , moved to third on J. J. Hardy 's single and scored on Casilla 's two - out , two - run homer . The Mariners loaded the bases with one out in the sixth , but Baker struck out Casey Kotchman and Casey Kotchman to end the threat . The Mariners had runners on first and second with one out in the sixth , but Baker struck out Casey Kotchman and Casey Kotchman to end the threat . The Mariners loaded the bases with one out in the sixth , but Baker struck out Casey Kotchman and Casey Kotchman to end the threat . The Mariners loaded the bases with one out in the sixth , but Baker struck out Casey Kotchman and Casey Kotchman to end the threat . Fister allowed five runs -- two earned -- and five hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Mariners scored in the sixth on Wilson 's two - out RBI single .
BOSTON -- Jhonny Peralta had a big night for the Detroit Tigers . Peralta homered twice and drove in three runs , Robbie Weinhardt threw two scoreless innings and the Tigers beat the Boston Red Sox 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Peralta hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning off Jon Lester ( 11 - 6 ) , who gave up four runs and 11 hits in six innings . Robbie Weinhardt ( 1 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Jon Lester ( 11 - 6 ) gave up four runs and 11 hits in six innings for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Lester ( 11 - 6 ) gave up four runs and 11 hits in six innings . He struck out seven , walked two and hit a batter . Lester ( 11 - 6 ) gave up four runs and 11 hits in six innings . He struck out seven , walked two and hit a batter . Lester ( 11 - 6 ) gave up four runs and 11 hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Austin Jackson and an RBI double by Austin Jackson in the first . Scutaro tied it with a solo homer in the fifth , but the Tigers made it 4 - 0 in the fifth on Peralta 's two - run homer . Scutaro led off the fifth with a solo homer , his second of the season . The Red Sox had taken a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a double by Austin Jackson and a double by Austin Jackson .
SAN DIEGO -- Florida Marlins manager Ozzie Guillen was happy to see his team win the game . The Marlins ' 4 - 2 victory over the San Diego Padres on Friday night was a big win for the Marlins . Cody Ross and Cody Ross hit solo homers off Wade LeBlanc ( 5 - 9 ) , and Cody Ross and Cody Ross also went deep for the Marlins , who have won five of five . Chris Volstad ( 5 - 8 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in five - plus innings . Leo Nunez pitched the ninth for his 25th save in 28 chances . Wade LeBlanc ( 5 - 9 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Padres have lost five of five . The Padres have lost five of five . The Padres have lost five of five . The Padres have lost five of five . The Padres have lost five of five . The Padres have lost five of five . The Padres have lost five of five . The Padres have lost five of five . The Padres have lost five of five . The Padres have lost five of five . The Padres have lost five of five . LeBlanc ( 5 - 9 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Padres have lost five of five . LeBlanc ( 5 - 9 ) allowed four runs and five hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Adrian Gonzalez .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Alex Gordon hit a three - run homer with two outs in the ninth inning , lifting the Kansas City Royals to a 7 - 5 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . Alex Gordon hit a three - run homer off Alfredo Simon ( 2 - 2 ) with two outs in the ninth to give the Royals a 7 - 5 lead . Blake Wood ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Alex Gordon hit a three - run homer in the ninth off Alfredo Simon ( 2 - 2 ) . Alex Gordon hit a three - run homer off Alfredo Simon ( 2 - 2 ) . Wilson Betemit had three hits and drove in two runs for the Royals , who have won four of five . Blake Wood ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Jake Arrieta allowed three runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings for the Orioles . He walked five and struck out four . The Orioles took a 5 - 4 lead in the eighth on Felix Pie 's sacrifice fly and Luke Scott 's sacrifice fly . Arrieta allowed three runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out four . The Orioles took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Betemit and a two - run single by Betemit . The Orioles tied it in the third on a sacrifice fly by Felix Pie and a sacrifice fly by Felix Pie . Wigginton hit a two - out double in the third and scored on Felix Pie 's sacrifice fly .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants have found a way to beat the Florida Marlins . Andres Torres hit a go - ahead single with one out in the bottom of the 10th inning , and the Giants beat the Marlins 10 - 9 on Tuesday night to snap a five - game losing streak . The Giants have won five of their last six games and have the worst record in the majors . The Giants have won five of their last six games and have the best record in the majors . The Giants have won five of their last six games and have the best record in the majors . The Giants have won five of their last six games and have the best record in the majors . The Giants have won five of their last six games and have the best record in the majors at 39 - 25 . Dan Uggla homered and drove in three runs for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Chris Ray ( 4 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 10th for the win . Dan Uggla homered and drove in three runs for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Florida starter Jonathan Sanchez gave up five runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Marlins scored four runs in the first inning , including a two - run triple by Uribe and a two - run single by Uribe . The Giants added a run in the third on Aubrey Huff 's RBI single and Torres ' two - run triple in the third . The Giants scored seven runs in the first two innings against Sanchez , who allowed five runs and seven hits in six - plus innings .
PHILADELPHIA -- Ryan Howard and the rest of the Philadelphia Phillies are going to have a lot of fun . Howard hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the seventh inning , Cody Ransom added a two - run shot and the Phillies beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Ryan Howard hit a two - run homer and Cody Ransom added a two - run shot for the Phillies , who took two of three from the Diamondbacks . David Herndon ( 1 - 2 ) pitched one inning for the win . Ryan Howard hit a two - run homer and Cody Ransom also went deep for the Phillies . David Herndon ( 1 - 2 ) pitched one inning for the win . Ryan Howard hit a two - run homer for the Phillies , who have won four of five . David Herndon ( 1 - 2 ) pitched one inning for the win . Ryan Howard hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Phillies , who have won four of five . The Phillies took a 5 - 4 lead in the sixth on Miguel Montero 's sacrifice fly and Stephen Drew 's RBI single . Arizona starter Rodrigo Lopez gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out four . Lopez gave up four runs and seven hits in five - plus innings . He walked five and struck out four . Arizona starter Rodrigo Lopez gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out four . Lopez gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out four .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Nelson Cruz hit a two - run homer in the 10th inning to lift the Texas Rangers to a 3 - 1 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . Cruz hit a 1 - 1 pitch from Michael Wuertz ( 2 - 2 ) into the right - field seats for his 15th homer of the season . It was the first game - ending homer of his career . Neftali Feliz ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . Nelson Cruz hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Michael Wuertz ( 2 - 2 ) . Neftali Feliz ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . Texas starter Gio Gonzalez gave up one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . Oakland 's Gio Gonzalez gave up one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . Oakland starter Gio Gonzalez gave up one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . Oakland starter Gio Gonzalez gave up one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . Oakland starter Gio Gonzalez gave up one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . Oakland starter Gio Gonzalez gave up one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . Gonzalez gave up one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . Texas starter Gio Gonzalez allowed one run and five hits in six innings .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- David Ortiz and the Boston Red Sox did n't have much to celebrate . Ortiz homered twice and drove in three runs , Clay Buchholz pitched seven solid innings and the Red Sox beat the Los Angeles Angels 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Ortiz hit a two - run shot off Dan Haren ( 7 - 9 ) in the eighth inning and a two - run homer off Fernando Rodney in the eighth to give the Red Sox a 4 - 1 lead . Ortiz hit a two - run shot off Dan Haren ( 7 - 9 ) in the eighth inning and a two - run homer off Fernando Rodney in the eighth to give the Red Sox a 4 - 1 lead . Kevin Youkilis had three hits for the Red Sox , who have won four of five . Dan Haren ( 7 - 9 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings , struck out eight and walked none . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . Haren ( 7 - 9 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings , struck out eight and walked none . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Bobby Abreu hit a 1 - 1 pitch into the lower seats in the right - field corner for his 12th homer . It was the first home run by a Red Sox player this season , and the second time this season the Red Sox have hit back - to - back home runs . The Red Sox tied it in the second on Victor Martinez 's run - scoring single .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- The Los Angeles Angels have been waiting for Ervin Santana to find a way to beat the Texas Rangers . Santana pitched eight innings of five - hit ball , Jeff Mathis hit a solo homer and the Angels beat the Rangers 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Santana ( 9 - 7 ) allowed two runs and five hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Santana ( 9 - 7 ) allowed two runs and five hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Scott Feldman ( 5 - 9 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Feldman ( 5 - 9 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 5 1 - 3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Rangers have lost five of six and are a season - worst 11 games under .500 . Santana ( 9 - 7 ) allowed two runs and five hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth , giving up a hit and striking out three . Texas starter Scott Feldman ( 5 - 9 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Rangers have lost five of six and are a season - worst 11 games under .500 . Feldman allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 1 - 3 innings . He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts .
LOS ANGELES -- The San Francisco Giants have been struggling to score runs in their last three games , and they 're still in the thick of the NL West race . Andres Torres hit a go - ahead two - run double in the ninth inning , and the Giants beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 7 - 5 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Andres Torres hit a tying two - run double in the sixth inning , and Buster Posey had an RBI single in the ninth . Santiago Casilla ( 3 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Jeremy Affeldt pitched the ninth for his third save in four chances . Andre Ethier hit a two - run homer for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Santiago Casilla ( 3 - 2 ) pitched the final two innings for the win . Jeremy Affeldt pitched the ninth for his third save in four chances . Andre Ethier and Andre Ethier hit two - run homers for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Santiago Casilla ( 3 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Jeremy Affeldt pitched the ninth for his third save in four chances . The Giants ' bullpen has allowed two runs or fewer in nine of 11 games . The Giants ' bullpen has allowed two runs or fewer in each of his last five outings . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . The Dodgers ' first three batters reached in the first , but Lincecum struck out Andre Ethier and Andre Ethier with runners at second and third to end the inning . The Giants got a run back in the second on Paul 's RBI single , and a run - scoring double by DeWitt in the third .
BALTIMORE -- The Tampa Bay Rays have been waiting for a couple of days to get a win . Wade Davis pitched eight innings of one - run ball , Jason Bartlett hit a two - run single and the Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 8 - 1 on Tuesday night . Jason Bartlett had two hits and drove in two runs for the Rays , who have won six of seven . Tampa Bay went ahead 1 - 0 in the second inning when Matt Joyce doubled in a run and scored on a double by Carl Crawford . Tampa Bay added three runs in the third . B. J. Upton hit an RBI double and scored on a single by Ben Zobrist . Tampa Bay went up 8 - 0 in the third . B. J. Upton hit an RBI double and scored on a single by Ben Zobrist . Tampa Bay went up 8 - 0 in the third . B. J. Upton hit an RBI double and scored on a single by Ben Zobrist . Tampa Bay went up 8 - 0 in the third . B. J. Upton hit an RBI double and scored on a single by Carl Crawford . Tampa Bay went up 8 - 0 in the third . B. J. Upton hit an RBI double and scored on a single by Carl Crawford . Tampa Bay went up 8 - 0 in the third . B. J. Upton hit an RBI double and scored on a single by Carl Crawford . Tampa Bay went up 8 - 0 in the third . B. J. Upton hit an RBI double and scored on a single by Carl Crawford . Tampa Bay went up 8 - 0 in the third .
LOS ANGELES -- The San Francisco Giants have been waiting for Madison Bumgarner to get a win . Bumgarner pitched effectively into the sixth inning and Nate Schierholtz hit a two - run homer , leading the Giants to a 5 - 2 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Tuesday night . Bumgarner ( 3 - 2 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Bumgarner ( 3 - 2 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Brian Wilson struck out the side in the ninth for his 26th save in 30 chances . James McDonald ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in five innings , struck out five and walked two . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four career starts against the Giants . Rafael Furcal and Rafael Furcal hit back - to - back homers in the sixth for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . McDonald ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in five innings , struck out five and walked two . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in his last four starts . The Giants have lost six of their last seven games . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six .
ATLANTA -- Brian McCann 's first career grand slam put the Atlanta Braves ahead to stay in the game . McCann hit a grand slam and drove in five runs to lead the Braves to an 11 - 6 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . The Braves have won six of seven and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Braves have lost five of six . Derek Lowe ( 10 - 8 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Braves , who have won four of five . Lowe ( 10 - 8 ) gave up eight hits and three runs in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . Rickie Weeks homered twice and Ryan Braun had three hits and Ryan Braun had three hits for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Derek Lowe ( 10 - 8 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in 5 1 - 3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . Prince Fielder hit a solo homer in the eighth and Ryan Braun had three hits for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Ryan Braun had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the ninth for Milwaukee , which has lost four of five . The Brewers have lost five of six . Parra gave up 10 runs , 10 hits and two walks in 5 1/3 innings . He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . Weeks hit a leadoff homer in the first and a run - scoring single in the sixth to make it 8 - 3 . Parra gave up 10 runs and 10 hits in 5 1/3 innings .
NEW YORK -- Yankees manager Joe Girardi was happy to see the New York Yankees come to town for a three - game series . Jorge Posada hit a tying homer in the eighth inning , Nick Swisher hit a go - ahead homer in the eighth and New York rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Robinson Cano and Robinson Cano hit back - to - back home runs in the sixth inning , and Nick Swisher added a solo shot off Joaquin Benoit in the eighth to give the Yankees a 4 - 3 lead . Mariano Rivera ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win , and Mariano Rivera ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Nick Swisher homered and drove in three runs for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Mariano Rivera ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . New York won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 6 - 1 against the Rays this season . New York has won seven of its last eight against the Rays , including a three - game sweep in New York . New York has won five of six overall and seven of eight overall . The Rays have lost six of seven . Tampa Bay went ahead 4 - 3 in the seventh on Willy Aybar 's sacrifice fly and Evan Longoria 's run - scoring fielder 's choice . Tampa Bay 's Ben Zobrist hit an RBI double in the third and Willy Aybar drove in a run with a sacrifice fly in the seventh . New York took a 4 - 3 lead in the seventh on Willy Aybar 's sacrifice fly .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Gio Gonzalez did n't need much run support for the Oakland Athletics . Gonzalez pitched seven strong innings , Kevin Kouzmanoff had two hits and drove in two runs and the A 's beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Gonzalez ( 8 - 6 ) allowed one run and seven hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out three . Gonzalez ( 8 - 6 ) gave up one run and seven hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out three . Gonzalez ( 8 - 6 ) allowed one run and seven hits in seven innings , while striking out three and walking one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 2.08 ERA in his past five starts . Michael Wuertz and Craig Breslow each pitched a scoreless inning to complete the seven - hitter . Zack Greinke ( 5 - 9 ) gave up five runs -- two earned -- and four hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out three . Greinke ( 5 - 9 ) was charged with five runs -- two earned -- and four hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Royals scored in the first when Coco Crisp singled , stole second and scored on Jack Cust 's sacrifice fly . Greinke ( 5 - 9 ) gave up five runs -- two earned -- and four hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Royals scored a run in the first on a double - play grounder by Jack Cust and a run - scoring single by Mark Ellis in the third .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Chicago White Sox have been waiting for Bobby Jenks to get his first save of the season . The White Sox closer gave up an RBI single to Delmon Young with two outs in the ninth inning , and the White Sox held on for an 8 - 7 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Jenks gave up an RBI single to Delmon Young and a run - scoring single to J. J. Hardy before striking out Jason Kubel to end it . Joe Mauer had three hits and three RBIs for the Twins , who have lost four of five . John Danks ( 9 - 7 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in six innings for the White Sox , who have won four of five . Joe Mauer had three hits and three RBIs for the Twins , who have lost four of five . John Danks ( 9 - 7 ) allowed six runs and nine hits in six innings for the White Sox , who have won four of five . Joe Mauer had three hits and three RBIs for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer had three hits and three RBIs for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer had three hits and three RBIs for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer had three hits and three RBIs for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer had three hits and three RBIs for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer had three hits and three RBIs for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer had three hits and three RBIs for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer had three hits and three RBIs for the Twins , who have lost four of five .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels are n't going to have a winning season for the Los Angeles Angels . Bobby Abreu hit a go - ahead , two - run single in the sixth inning , Erick Aybar had three hits and three RBIs and the Angels beat the Seattle Mariners 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Joel Pineiro ( 10 - 6 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings , striking out four and walking one . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 2.08 ERA in his last seven starts . Ichiro Suzuki hit a three - run double in the fifth for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Joel Pineiro ( 10 - 6 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings , striking out four and walking one . The right - hander is 5 - 0 in his last seven starts . Ichiro Suzuki hit a three - run double in the fifth for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Joel Pineiro ( 10 - 6 ) gave up three runs and six hits over seven innings for the Angels . He struck out four and walked one . Ichiro Suzuki hit a three - run double in the fifth for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . Fister gave up six runs and 12 hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out two and walked one . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . Fister , who had won his previous three starts , allowed a season - high 12 hits in 5 2/3 innings .
BOSTON -- Tommy Hunter did his best to keep the Texas Rangers in the game . Nelson Cruz had three hits and three RBIs , Nelson Cruz had three hits and three RBIs and the Rangers beat the Boston Red Sox 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hunter ( 6 - 0 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out one . The Red Sox scored six runs in the first inning against Wakefield ( 3 - 8 ) , who was tagged for seven runs and eight hits in two - plus innings . Wakefield ( 3 - 8 ) was tagged for seven runs and eight hits in two - plus innings . He was tagged for seven runs and eight hits in two - plus innings . Wakefield ( 3 - 8 ) gave up seven runs , six earned , and eight hits in two - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . He was tagged for seven runs , six earned , and eight hits in two - plus innings . Wakefield ( 3 - 8 ) gave up seven runs , six earned , and eight hits in two - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . He was tagged for seven runs and eight hits in two - plus innings of a 7 - 2 loss to the Yankees in his previous start . Wakefield ( 3 - 8 ) gave up seven runs , six earned , and eight hits in two - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . He was tagged for seven runs , six earned , and eight hits in two - plus innings . Wakefield ( 3 - 8 ) gave up seven runs , six earned , and eight hits in two - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . He was tagged for seven runs and eight hits in two - plus innings of a 7 - 2 loss to the Yankees in his previous start . The Red Sox took a 6 - 0 lead in the first on Cruz 's RBI single and a two - run single by Cruz . The Red Sox took a 7 - 0 lead in the third on Cruz 's RBI double and a run - scoring double by Cruz that made it 7 - 0 . Wakefield gave up seven runs and eight hits in two - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season .
PHOENIX -- Ian Kennedy has been one of the best pitchers in the major leagues this season . Kennedy pitched into the sixth inning and Chris Snyder hit a two - run homer , leading the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 5 - 4 victory over the Florida Marlins on Tuesday night . Kennedy ( 4 - 7 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Juan Gutierrez pitched a perfect ninth for his second save . Ian Kennedy ( 4 - 7 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Juan Gutierrez pitched a perfect ninth for his second save . Nate Robertson ( 6 - 7 ) gave up five runs and six hits in six innings for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . The Marlins have lost five of their last six games . The Marlins have lost five of their last six games and have dropped five of six overall . The Marlins have lost five of six and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . The Marlins have lost five of six . The Marlins have lost five of six . The Marlins have lost five of six . The Marlins have lost five of six . The Marlins have lost five of six . The Marlins have lost five of six . Florida 's Mike Stanton homered for the second straight game , a solo shot in the fifth that put Florida ahead 3 - 0 . The Marlins cut it to 3 - 2 in the sixth on pinch - hitter Ronny Paulino 's two - out , two - run single .
MILWAUKEE -- Milwaukee Brewers manager Ron Roenicke was happy to see his team win the game . Corey Hart hit a two - run homer in the first inning , Corey Hart added a two - run shot and the Brewers beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Corey Hart hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Prince Fielder added a solo shot in the eighth for the Brewers . John Axford ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . Andrew McCutchen homered and drove in two runs for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . John Axford ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . Milwaukee starter Paul Maholm allowed two runs and three hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out four . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Carlos Gomez led off with a double and scored on George Kottaras ' single to cut the lead to 2 - 1 . The Pirates tied it at 2 in the fourth on a solo homer by Lastings Milledge , his 12th of the season and second in two games . The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the inning when Rickie Weeks was hit by a pitch , stole second and advanced to third on catcher Ryan Doumit 's throwing error . Hart followed with a homer to left - center to give the Brewers a 2 - 0 lead . The Pirates tied it at 2 in the third on a solo homer by Lastings Milledge , his 13th of the season . The Pirates tied it in the third on Pedro Alvarez 's RBI single .
PHOENIX -- Aramis Ramirez had a big night for the Chicago Cubs . Ramirez homered twice and drove in four runs , Carlos Silva pitched six effective innings and the Cubs beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning and added a two - run shot in the eighth . He also had a two - run homer in the sixth inning and a two - run shot off Aaron Heilman in the eighth . Carlos Marmol got the final five outs for his 16th save in 19 tries . The Cubs have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Diamondbacks have won six of their past seven games . Ramirez hit a two - run homer off Barry Enright ( 1 - 1 ) in the sixth inning and added a two - run shot in the eighth . He also hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning of the Cubs ' 4 - 3 win over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Ramirez 's second homer of the game tied it at 1 in the sixth , and Ramirez hit a two - run shot off Aaron Heilman in the eighth to make it 6 - 2 . Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the sixth off Barry Enright ( 1 - 1 ) , who gave up three runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the sixth to give the Cubs a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Enright , who allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Chris Young reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second and scored on Stephen Drew 's sacrifice fly . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Chris Young reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second and scored on Stephen Drew 's sacrifice fly .
DETROIT -- Miguel Cabrera and the Detroit Tigers did n't have much to celebrate . Cabrera hit a two - run homer with one out in the bottom of the 11th inning , lifting the Tigers to a 7 - 5 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . Cabrera hit a 1 - 1 pitch from David Hernandez ( 3 - 7 ) into the right - field stands for his fifth homer of the season . It was the first game - ending hit of Cabrera 's career , and he also hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning to give the Tigers a 7 - 5 win over the Orioles on Tuesday night . Cabrera hit a 1 - 1 pitch from David Hernandez ( 3 - 7 ) into the right - field stands for his fifth homer of the year . It was the first game - ending hit of Cabrera 's career , and the first game - ending homer of his career . Cabrera hit a 1 - 1 pitch from David Hernandez ( 3 - 7 ) into the right - field stands for his fifth homer of the year . It was the first game - ending hit of Cabrera 's career , and the first game - ending hit of his career . The Tigers took a 4 - 3 lead in the top of the ninth on Nick Markakis ' two - run homer off Armando Galarraga ( 2 - 4 ) , who allowed three runs and 10 hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . Detroit starter Jake Arrieta allowed one run and seven hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Baltimore starter Armando Galarraga allowed three runs and 10 hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Baltimore starter Armando Galarraga allowed three runs and 10 hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Baltimore starter Jake Arrieta allowed one run and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two .
NEW YORK -- Johan Santana and the New York Mets finally found a way to beat the Cincinnati Reds . Santana pitched a three - hitter for his first career shutout , and Jason Bay hit a two - run single to lead the Mets to a 3 - 0 victory Tuesday night . Santana ( 6 - 5 ) pitched a three - hitter for his third career shutout and third shutout this season . He threw 78 of 113 pitches for strikes in his second career shutout and third shutout this season . He threw 78 of 113 pitches for strikes in his second career shutout and third shutout this season . He threw 78 of 113 pitches for strikes in his second career shutout and third shutout this season . Santana ( 6 - 5 ) pitched a three - hitter for his fourth career shutout and third shutout this season . He threw 78 of 113 pitches for strikes in his second career shutout and fourth complete game . He threw 78 of 113 pitches for strikes and threw 78 of 113 pitches for strikes . He threw 78 of 113 pitches for strikes in his second career shutout and third shutout this season . He threw 78 of 113 pitches for strikes in his second career shutout and fourth complete game . Matt Maloney ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Maloney ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . Maloney ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one .
ATLANTA -- Dan Uggla 's first homer of the season gave the Florida Marlins a boost . Uggla hit a solo homer and drove in three runs , Ricky Nolasco struck out a season - high 11 in seven innings and the Marlins beat the Atlanta Braves 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Uggla hit a two - run single in the first inning , then added a solo homer in the fourth . He also had a two - run single in the first inning and a solo homer in the fourth . Nolasco ( 8 - 6 ) gave up six hits , two runs and one walk with a season - high 11 strikeouts in seven innings . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Leo Nunez pitched a perfect ninth for his 17th save . Tim Hudson ( 8 - 4 ) gave up three runs and six hits in eight innings for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Hudson ( 8 - 4 ) gave up three runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Hudson ( 8 - 4 ) gave up six hits and three runs with one walk and seven strikeouts in eight innings . The Braves have lost five of six . Hudson ( 8 - 4 ) gave up three runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Chris Coghlan led off with a single and scored on Uggla 's two - out , two - run single . The Braves cut the lead to 3 - 1 in the bottom of the first . Martin Prado led off with a double and scored on Eric Hinske 's sacrifice fly . The Braves cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the bottom of the first . Martin Prado led off with a double and scored on Eric Hinske 's sacrifice fly . The Braves cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the bottom of the first on Hinske 's sacrifice fly .
CLEVELAND -- Gio Gonzalez did n't need much run support for the Oakland Athletics . Gonzalez allowed five hits in 6 2/3 innings , and the Oakland Athletics beat the Cleveland Indians 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Gonzalez ( 7 - 5 ) allowed five hits , struck out five and walked four in 6 2/3 innings . Andrew Bailey pitched the ninth for his 16th save in 16 chances . Mitch Talbot ( 8 - 7 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in 5 1/3 innings for Cleveland . The right - hander struck out five , walked four and hit a batter with a pitch . The Indians were shut out for the third time this season . The Indians have lost five of six . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost five of six . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost five of six . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost five of six . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost five of six . Talbot allowed three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . The Indians were shut out for the third time this season and have been shut out three times in their last five games . Cleveland has scored just three runs in its last five games . Talbot allowed three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . Talbot gave up three runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants are doing their best to make the playoffs for the first time this season . Buster Posey hit a tiebreaking two - run double in the eighth inning , and the Giants beat the Colorado Rockies 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Andres Torres also homered for the Giants , who have won four of five . Buster Posey hit a two - run double in the eighth off Matt Belisle ( 6 - 5 ) . Brian Wilson pitched a perfect ninth for his major league - leading 37th save in 40 chances . Melvin Mora and Melvin Mora also homered for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Colorado starter Madison Bumgarner allowed one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked three . Melvin Mora and Melvin Mora also homered for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Colorado starter Madison Bumgarner gave up one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked three . Melvin Mora and Melvin Mora hit back - to - back home runs in the eighth off Jeremy Affeldt ( 4 - 3 ) . Brian Wilson pitched a perfect ninth for his major league - leading 37th save in 37 chances . The Giants have lost six of their last seven games . Colorado starter Esmil Rogers allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Rockies took a 1 - 1 lead in the fifth when Sanchez doubled and scored on a double by Posey . Posey 's two - out double in the fifth put the Giants ahead 2 - 1 .
CLEVELAND -- Asdrubal Cabrera was n't going to let the Cleveland Indians get a win . Cabrera hit a leadoff homer in the 10th inning to lift the Indians to a 4 - 3 win over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . Cabrera hit a 2 - 1 pitch from Jesse Chavez ( 5 - 4 ) into the right - field seats for his 12th homer of the season . Chris Perez ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . Wilson Betemit hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Chris Perez ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . The Indians have lost six of seven . Wilson Betemit hit a two - run homer off Jeanmar Gomez in the sixth for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Chris Perez ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . Cleveland starter Jeanmar Gomez gave up two runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander is winless in his last five starts . The Royals tied it in the eighth on Betemit 's two - out , two - run homer off Jeanmar Gomez , who gave up six hits and two runs in 5 2/3 innings . The Royals tied it in the eighth on Betemit 's two - out , two - run homer off Jeanmar Gomez . Cleveland starter Jeanmar Gomez allowed two runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander is winless in his last five starts . Gomez gave up six hits and two runs in 5 2/3 innings .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Tampa Bay Rays took advantage of the Boston Red Sox . B. J. Upton led off the bottom of the 10th inning with a home run , leading the Rays to a 3 - 2 victory over the Red Sox on Tuesday night . Dan Johnson tied it at 2 with a leadoff homer in the eighth off Scott Atchison ( 2 - 2 ) . Randy Choate ( 4 - 3 ) retired the only batter he faced to earn the win . Joaquin Benoit gave up a solo homer to Victor Martinez in the top of the 10th , and Victor Martinez homered off Joaquin Benoit in the eighth to give the Red Sox a 2 - 1 lead . Victor Martinez went 4 - for - 5 with a home run and David Ortiz had three hits for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Victor Martinez went 4 - for - 5 with a homer and a double for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Matt Garza allowed one run and six hits over seven innings for the Rays . He struck out three and walked one . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Adrian Beltre 's sacrifice fly . Martinez led off the fourth with a double and scored on Adrian Beltre 's sacrifice fly . The Rays tied it in the seventh on Matt Joyce 's sacrifice fly and Matt Joyce 's sacrifice fly . Boston starter Matt Garza allowed one run and six hits in seven innings , striking out three and walking one . Garza gave up one run and six hits in seven innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against the Red Sox this season .
ATLANTA -- Tim Hudson has been the Atlanta Braves ' most consistent starter . Hudson struck out a season - high 13 in seven innings , Martin Prado homered and drove in five runs and the Atlanta Braves beat the Florida Marlins 12 - 3 on Tuesday night . Hudson ( 15 - 5 ) allowed one run and six hits , striking out 13 in seven innings . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in his last five starts . Hudson ( 15 - 5 ) gave up one run and six hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out a season - high 13 . Hudson ( 15 - 5 ) gave up one run and six hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out a season - high 13 . Hudson ( 15 - 5 ) gave up one run and six hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out a season - high 13 . Kyle Farnsworth gave up a run in the eighth and Kyle Farnsworth gave up a run in the eighth . Kyle Farnsworth gave up a run in the eighth and Kyle Farnsworth gave up an RBI double to pinch - hitter Brad Davis in the eighth . Kyle Farnsworth gave up a run in the eighth and Kyle Farnsworth gave up an RBI double to Donnie Murphy in the eighth . Kyle Farnsworth gave up a run in the eighth and Kyle Farnsworth gave up an RBI double to pinch - hitter Brad Davis in the eighth . Kyle Farnsworth gave up a run in the eighth and Kyle Farnsworth gave up an RBI double to pinch - hitter Brad Davis in the eighth .
CHICAGO -- Edwin Jackson did n't need much run support for the Chicago White Sox . Jackson pitched eight shutout innings and Alex Rios homered and drove in three runs , leading the White Sox to an 8 - 0 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . Jackson ( 8 - 10 ) allowed three hits , walked two and struck out 10 in eight shutout innings . Jackson ( 8 - 10 ) allowed three hits , walked two and struck out a season - high 10 . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Jake Arrieta ( 4 - 6 ) gave up four runs , seven hits and three walks in four innings for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Jake Arrieta ( 4 - 6 ) gave up four runs , seven hits and three walks in four innings for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Arrieta ( 4 - 6 ) gave up four runs , seven hits and three walks in four - plus innings . He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The White Sox have won six of their last eight games and have scored at least 10 runs in each of their last five games . Jackson ( 8 - 10 ) allowed three hits , walked two and struck out a season - high 10 . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts and is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . The White Sox have won five of their last six games and have scored at least 10 runs in each of their last five games . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . Chicago 's Jake Arrieta ( 4 - 6 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in four innings . He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts .
DENVER -- The Colorado Rockies had a 10 - run lead in the eighth inning , and the Atlanta Braves rallied for a wild 12 - 10 victory over the Braves on Wednesday night . Seth Smith homered and drove in two runs , Seth Smith homered and drove in two runs , and the Rockies rallied from a seven - run deficit to beat the Braves 12 - 10 in the opener of a day - night doubleheader . Seth Smith hit a solo homer and drove in two runs for the Rockies , who won for the seventh time in nine games . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . Atlanta 's Jair Jurrjens gave up seven runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He was lifted after giving up a two - run double to Ryan Spilborghs and pinch - hitter Ryan Spilborghs ' two - run double in the sixth . Matt Belisle ( 6 - 4 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Joe Beimel , Joe Beimel and Joe Beimel combined for 2 2/3 innings of one - hit relief . Atlanta starter Jair Jurrjens gave up seven runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Braves took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on Melky Cabrera 's RBI single and Melky Cabrera 's run - scoring groundout . Prado 's two - run double in the second made it 5 - 0 . Melky Cabrera 's RBI double in the second made it 7 - 0 .
DENVER -- Jorge De La Rosa has been a big part of the Colorado Rockies ' rotation . Carlos Gonzalez homered and drove in two runs , Jorge De La Rosa pitched seven solid innings and the Rockies beat the Atlanta Braves 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Seth Smith hit a solo homer and Eric Young Jr. had three hits for the Rockies , who took two of three from the Braves . Jorge De La Rosa ( 5 - 4 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking one . Huston Street pitched a perfect ninth for his 12th save in 14 chances . Derek Lowe ( 11 - 12 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Lowe ( 11 - 12 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . Lowe ( 11 - 12 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Ian Stewart doubled and scored on Fowler 's two - out single . The Rockies cut the lead to 3 - 1 in the second on Alex Gonzalez 's solo homer . The Rockies cut it to 2 - 1 in the second on Alex Gonzalez 's solo homer . The Rockies cut the lead to 3 - 1 in the second on a two - out homer by Gonzalez , his 16th of the season . The Rockies cut the lead to 3 - 1 in the second on a two - out RBI single by Gonzalez .
CHICAGO -- Rick Ankiel has been a big part of the Atlanta Braves ' late - season surge . Ankiel hit a three - run triple in the ninth inning and the Braves rallied for a 5 - 3 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Peter Moylan ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth and Billy Wagner got three outs for his 30th save in 34 chances . Aramis Ramirez hit a solo homer and drove in two runs for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Peter Moylan ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Billy Wagner pitched the ninth for his 30th save in 34 chances . Aramis Ramirez hit a solo homer and drove in two runs for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Peter Moylan ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Billy Wagner pitched the ninth for his 30th save in 34 chances . Aramis Ramirez homered and drove in two runs for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Peter Moylan ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Billy Wagner pitched the ninth for his 30th save in 34 chances . Aramis Ramirez homered and drove in two runs for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Peter Moylan ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Billy Wagner pitched the ninth for his 30th save in 34 chances . Aramis Ramirez homered and drove in two runs for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Ryan Dempster allowed two runs and four hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked two .
LOS ANGELES -- Homer Bailey has been a big part of the Cincinnati Reds ' rotation . Bailey pitched seven innings of four - hit ball , Brandon Phillips had three hits and drove in three runs and the Reds beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Bailey ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings , struck out six and walked two . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.41 ERA in his last four starts . Bailey ( 3 - 2 ) gave up one run and four hits in seven innings , struck out six and walked two . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth for his 33rd save in 35 chances . Monasterios ( 3 - 4 ) was charged with three runs -- one earned -- and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Phillips . The Reds tied it in the third on Ryan Theriot 's RBI single . The Dodgers tied it in the third on Ryan Theriot 's RBI single , but the Reds tied it in the bottom half on Ryan Theriot 's RBI single . The Dodgers tied it in the bottom half on Ryan Theriot 's RBI single , but the Dodgers tied it in the bottom half on Ryan Theriot 's RBI single . The Dodgers tied it in the third on Ryan Theriot 's RBI single , but the Dodgers tied it in the bottom half on Ryan Theriot 's RBI single . The Dodgers tied it in the third on Ryan Theriot 's RBI single .
PHOENIX -- Bronson Arroyo has been a big part of the Cincinnati Reds ' rotation . Arroyo pitched into the eighth inning and Scott Rolen had three hits and three RBIs , leading the Reds to a 6 - 2 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night . Arroyo ( 13 - 7 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 7 1/3 innings , striking out five and walking two . The right - hander has won his last three starts and is 3 - 0 in his last five starts . Arroyo ( 13 - 7 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Reds have won six of their last seven games . The Diamondbacks have lost five of six . Arizona has lost five of six . The Diamondbacks have lost five of six . Arizona has lost five of six . The Diamondbacks have lost five of six . Arizona has lost five of six . The Diamondbacks have lost five of six . Arizona has lost five of six . The Diamondbacks have lost five of six . Arizona has lost five of six . The Diamondbacks have lost five of six . Arizona has lost five of six . The Diamondbacks have lost five of six . Arizona has lost five of six . The Diamondbacks have lost five of six . Arizona has lost five of six . The Diamondbacks have lost five of six . Arizona has lost five of six . The Diamondbacks have lost five of six . Arizona has lost five of six . The Diamondbacks have lost five of six . Arizona has lost five of six . The Diamondbacks have lost five of six .
NEW YORK -- Kyle Kendrick and the Philadelphia Phillies are on a roll . Kendrick pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Placido Polanco drove in the go - ahead run and the Phillies beat the New York Mets 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Kendrick ( 8 - 5 ) allowed one run and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Brad Lidge pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Mike Pelfrey ( 11 - 7 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Kendrick ( 8 - 5 ) allowed one run and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Brad Lidge pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Mike Pelfrey ( 11 - 7 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings for the Mets , who have lost three straight and six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . New York has lost six of seven and is 1 - 5 on a nine - game road trip that has the worst record in the majors .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Tampa Bay Rays have been waiting for Kelly Shoppach to get his first career grand slam . Shoppach hit a grand slam and drove in five runs , Andy Sonnanstine pitched five effective innings and the Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Shoppach hit a grand slam off Brian Matusz ( 4 - 12 ) during a four - run fourth inning that put the Rays ahead 5 - 3 . Shoppach hit a grand slam off Brian Matusz ( 4 - 12 ) during a five - run fourth that put the Rays ahead 5 - 3 . Willy Aybar had three hits and drove in a run for the Rays , who have won three of four . Sonnanstine ( 3 - 1 ) gave up three runs and three hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out two . Lance Cormier and Joaquin Benoit each pitched a scoreless inning to finish the four - hitter . Sonnanstine ( 3 - 1 ) allowed three runs and three hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out two . Lance Cormier and Joaquin Benoit each pitched a scoreless inning to finish the four - hitter . Sonnanstine ( 3 - 1 ) gave up three runs and three hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out two . Lance Cormier , Joaquin Benoit and Joaquin Benoit combined for four innings of no - hit relief for the Rays . Joaquin Benoit pitched the eighth and Alfredo Simon gave up Shoppach 's second homer of the season in the eighth . Joaquin Benoit pitched the eighth and Alfredo Simon gave up Shoppach 's homer in the eighth .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Philadelphia Phillies have been struggling to score runs in their last six games , and they 're still in the thick of the NL wild - card race . Carlos Ruiz hit a two - run double in the ninth inning and the Phillies rallied from a five - run deficit to beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 10 - 9 on Tuesday night . Carlos Ruiz had three hits and three RBIs , and Carlos Ruiz had three hits and three RBIs for the Phillies . Carlos Ruiz had three hits and three RBIs , and Carlos Ruiz had three hits and three RBIs . Carlos Ruiz had three hits and three RBIs , and Carlos Ruiz had three hits and three RBIs . Carlos Ruiz had three hits and three RBIs , and Carlos Ruiz had three hits and three RBIs . Carlos Ruiz had three hits and three RBIs , and Carlos Ruiz had three hits and three RBIs . Carlos Ruiz had three hits and three RBIs , and Carlos Ruiz had three hits and three RBIs . Carlos Ruiz had three hits and three RBIs , and Carlos Ruiz had three hits and three RBIs . Danys Baez ( 3 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Matt Kemp hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Danys Baez ( 3 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Matt Kemp hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Jamey Carroll had two hits and drove in two runs for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . The Phillies jumped out to a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Ruiz and a run - scoring single by Ruiz . The Phillies cut it to 3 - 1 in the second on Ronnie Belliard 's RBI groundout and Kemp 's run - scoring groundout . Belliard had an RBI groundout in the second and Belliard hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth .
SAN DIEGO -- Adrian Gonzalez had four hits and drove in two runs , Jerry Hairston Jr. hit a two - run homer and the San Diego Padres beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 8 - 5 on Tuesday night . Gonzalez had four hits and scored three runs , and Kevin Correia ( 9 - 7 ) allowed four runs and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Heath Bell pitched a perfect ninth for his 33rd save in 38 chances . The Padres have lost five of six . Kevin Correia ( 9 - 7 ) allowed four runs and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Heath Bell pitched a perfect ninth for his 33rd save in 37 chances . The Padres have lost five of six . Kevin Correia ( 9 - 7 ) allowed four runs and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Heath Bell pitched a perfect ninth for his 33rd save in 37 chances . The Padres have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost five of six and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . The Pirates have lost five of six and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 .
NEW YORK -- Mike Pelfrey and the New York Mets finally found a way to beat the Colorado Rockies . Pelfrey allowed four hits over seven innings and New York held on for a 1 - 0 victory Wednesday night . Pelfrey ( 11 - 6 ) allowed four hits and one walk while striking out four in seven innings . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth for his 25th save in 31 chances . Jimenez ( 17 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked four . Jimenez ( 17 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked four . Jimenez ( 17 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked four . Jimenez ( 17 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked four . Jimenez ( 17 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked four . Jimenez ( 17 - 3 ) gave up four hits , walked four and struck out eight in seven - plus innings . The right - hander is 3 - 1 in his last five starts and is 3 - 1 in his last five starts . Jimenez ( 17 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked four . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Jose Reyes . Jimenez ( 17 - 3 ) allowed four hits and four walks in seven innings . He struck out eight .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have been struggling to score runs in their last six games , and they 're still in first place in the NL West . Andre Ethier went 4 - for - 4 with a walk and three RBIs , Andre Ethier went 4 - for - 4 with a walk and three RBIs , and the Dodgers beat the Philadelphia Phillies 15 - 9 on Tuesday night . Andre Ethier went 4 - for - 4 with a walk , a walk and four RBIs , and James Loney had a pair of RBI singles for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Vicente Padilla ( 6 - 3 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings for the Dodgers , who have won five of their last six games . Kyle Kendrick ( 7 - 5 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 3 1/3 innings for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Kendrick ( 7 - 5 ) gave up six runs , five earned , and eight hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out one . Phillies starter Vicente Padilla ( 6 - 3 ) allowed four runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked two . Ronald Belisario gave up a two - run homer to Ross Gload in the seventh . The Phillies jumped on Kendrick in the first . Scott Podsednik led off with a double and scored on Loney 's single . Loney followed with a run - scoring single and Blake followed with a run - scoring single to make it 3 - 0 . The Phillies tacked on two more runs in the fourth on RBI singles by Loney and Gibbons and a run - scoring single by Loney to make it 7 - 0 .
DETROIT -- Johnny Damon had a big night for the Detroit Tigers . Damon had three hits and three RBIs , Will Rhymes had three hits and drove in two runs and the Tigers beat the Los Angeles Angels 9 - 4 on Tuesday night . Rick Porcello ( 5 - 10 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in six innings for the Tigers , who have won five of six . Porcello ( 5 - 10 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in six innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Trevor Bell ( 1 - 3 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Angels starter Trevor Bell ( 1 - 3 ) allowed six runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Angels starter Trevor Bell ( 1 - 3 ) allowed six runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Jeff Mathis ' RBI single , but the Tigers tied it in the sixth on Bobby Abreu 's RBI single and a run - scoring single by Jeff Mathis . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Jeff Mathis ' RBI single . The Angels tied it in the sixth on Bobby Abreu 's RBI single , and Jeff Mathis ' RBI single made it 3 - 2 .
SEATTLE -- Ichiro Suzuki has been a big part of the Seattle Mariners ' late - season surge . Suzuki hit a one - out single in the eighth inning and scored on a single by Casey Kotchman to lift the Mariners to a 3 - 2 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . Jason Kendall led off the inning with a double and scored on Mike Aviles ' two - out single to give the Royals a 1 - 0 lead . Vargas ( 8 - 5 ) gave up one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked three . David Aardsma gave up a solo homer to Alex Gordon in the ninth , but held on for his 20th save in 21 chances . Kyle Davies ( 5 - 7 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He struck out five and walked two . Royals starter Kyle Davies ( 5 - 7 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He struck out five and walked two . Alex Gordon hit a pinch - hit homer in the ninth for the Royals , who have lost three straight and six of seven . The Royals have lost five of their last six games . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . Davies allowed two runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth on an RBI single by Mike Aviles .
BALTIMORE -- The Chicago White Sox did n't get much going against Baltimore right - hander Gavin Floyd . Floyd pitched seven innings of six - hit ball , Carlos Quentin homered and the White Sox beat the Orioles 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Floyd ( 8 - 8 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . J. J. Putz pitched a perfect ninth for his third save in three tries . Gavin Floyd ( 8 - 8 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . J. J. Putz pitched a perfect ninth for his third save . Baltimore starter Kevin Millwood gave up one run , four hits and two walks in six innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the third . Nick Markakis led off with a double and scored on a single by Ty Wigginton . In the bottom half , Jones hit a 1 - 1 pitch into the left - field seats . It was his third homer of the season and second in two games . The White Sox pulled even in the fourth . Alexei Ramirez led off with a double and scored on a double by Gordon Beckham . The White Sox pulled even in the seventh . Alexei Ramirez led off with a single , stole second and scored on a single by A. J. Pierzynski . In the eighth , Juan Pierre singled and scored on a two - out single by A. J. Pierzynski . J. J. Putz pitched a perfect ninth for his third save .
PHILADELPHIA -- The New York Mets are starting to feel good at the plate . Johan Santana pitched into the eighth inning and Jeff Francoeur homered to lead the New York Mets to a 1 - 0 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Santana ( 9 - 6 ) allowed five hits and three walks while striking out six in 7 1/3 innings . Santana ( 9 - 6 ) gave up five hits , struck out six and walked three . Francisco Rodriguez got five outs for his 24th save in 28 chances . Hamels ( 7 - 8 ) gave up one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out 11 and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Hamels ( 7 - 8 ) gave up one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out 11 and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Phillies have lost five of six . Hamels ( 7 - 8 ) gave up one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out 11 and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Phillies have lost five of six . Hamels ( 7 - 8 ) gave up one run and six hits in seven innings . He walked none and struck out 11 . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . They 've been shut out three times this season , including three in a row . Hamels ( 7 - 8 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He walked none and struck out a season - high 11 . Phillies manager Charlie Manuel was ejected in the seventh inning by plate umpire Gary Darling for arguing balls and strikes .
BALTIMORE -- Ty Wigginton has been a big part of the Baltimore Orioles ' modest winning streak . Wigginton hit an RBI single with two outs in the 10th inning , lifting the Orioles to a 2 - 1 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Nick Markakis went 4 - for - 5 with a double and a double for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Nick Markakis went 4 - for - 5 with a double and a double for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Alfredo Simon ( 3 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Nick Markakis had four hits , and Nick Markakis had four hits for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Alfredo Simon ( 3 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Baltimore starter John Danks allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Baltimore starter John Danks allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning when Markakis singled , stole second and scored on a single by Adam Jones . Baltimore tied it in the third . Beckham hit a 2 - 1 pitch into the left - field seats . Baltimore tied it in the third . Beckham hit a 2 - 1 pitch into the left - field seats . Baltimore tied it in the third . Beckham hit a 2 - 1 pitch into the left - field seats . Baltimore tied it in the bottom half when Markakis doubled and scored on a single by Wigginton .
PHILADELPHIA -- Mike Sweeney was n't surprised to see the Philadelphia Phillies lose a game . Sweeney had an RBI single in the eighth inning and the Phillies rallied from a four - run deficit to beat the New York Mets 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Sweeney had a two - out RBI single in the eighth off Bobby Parnell ( 0 - 1 ) , and Placido Polanco drove in the go - ahead run with a sacrifice fly . Chad Durbin ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Brad Lidge got the final out for his 13th save in 16 chances . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jimmy Rollins ' RBI double . Placido Polanco 's RBI double in the first gave the Phillies a 1 - 0 lead . Placido Polanco 's RBI double in the first gave the Phillies a 1 - 0 lead . Placido Polanco 's RBI double in the first gave the Phillies a 1 - 0 lead . New York tied it in the third when David Wright led off with a double and scored on Jose Reyes ' single . The Mets tied it at 1 in the third on an RBI single by Jose Reyes . The Mets tied it in the third when David Wright led off with a double and scored on Jose Reyes ' single . The Mets tied it at 1 in the third on an RBI single by Jose Reyes . The Mets tied it in the third when David Wright led off with a double and scored on Reyes ' single to right . The Mets tied it in the third on an RBI single by Jose Reyes .
PHOENIX -- Arizona Diamondbacks manager Clint Hurdle had no problem with the way Barry Enright was pitching . Enright pitched six effective innings , Justin Upton drove in two runs and the Diamondbacks beat the Washington Nationals 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Enright ( 3 - 2 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings , striking out three and walking two . He also helped himself with an RBI single in the fourth . Enright ( 3 - 2 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked two . Ryan Zimmerman hit two home runs for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Ryan Zimmerman homered twice for the Nationals , who have lost three of four . Ryan Zimmerman hit two home runs for the Nationals , who have lost three of four . Ryan Zimmerman hit two home runs for the Nationals , who have lost three of four . Zimmerman 's solo shot in the third cut the lead to 2 - 1 . The Nationals cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the third on a solo home run by Roger Bernadina , his third of the season . The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the third on a solo home run by Roger Bernadina , his third of the season . The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the third on a solo home run by Roger Bernadina , his third of the season . The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the third on a solo home run by Kennedy , his third of the season . The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the third on a solo home run by Kennedy .
LOS ANGELES -- Vicente Padilla did n't allow a hit until Ryan Ludwick 's two - out single in the seventh inning , and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the San Diego Padres 9 - 0 on Tuesday night . Padilla ( 5 - 3 ) struck out a career - high nine , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . The right - hander had a career - high nine strikeouts , walked two and threw 77 of his 105 pitches for strikes . The right - hander had a career - high nine strikeouts , walked two and threw 77 of his 105 pitches for strikes . Andre Ethier homered and drove in two runs for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Wade LeBlanc ( 5 - 10 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings , struck out six and walked one . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the second against Wade LeBlanc ( 5 - 10 ) , who gave up four runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . LeBlanc ( 5 - 10 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings , struck out six and walked one . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . The Dodgers increased the margin to 4 - 0 in the third on Scott Podsednik 's two - out , two - run single and Ethier 's two - run homer in the eighth .
PHOENIX -- Adam Dunn and the Washington Nationals are starting to feel good at the plate . Dunn homered twice and drove in four runs , Craig Stammen won for the first time in five starts and the Nationals beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Dunn hit a two - run homer in the first inning , a solo shot in the fourth and a solo shot in the eighth . He also hit a two - run homer in the first inning against Ian Kennedy ( 6 - 9 ) , who gave up four runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . Kennedy ( 6 - 9 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in four - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked none and struck out two . Kennedy ( 6 - 9 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter . Kennedy ( 6 - 9 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . He walked none and struck out two . Dunn hit a two - run homer in the first off Ian Kennedy ( 6 - 9 ) , who gave up four runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . He walked none and struck out two . Dunn hit a two - out , two - run homer in the first off Ian Kennedy ( 6 - 9 ) , who gave up four runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . He walked none and struck out two . Dunn hit a two - out , two - run homer in the first off Kennedy ( 6 - 9 ) , who gave up four runs and eight hits in four innings .
ST. LOUIS -- Angel Sanchez had a career - high six RBIs and drove in a career - high six runs as the Houston Astros beat the St. Louis Cardinals 18 - 4 on Tuesday night . Sanchez had four hits and drove in a career - high six runs , and Chris Johnson had three hits and drove in two runs for the Astros , who have won three of four . Jaime Garcia ( 9 - 5 ) gave up eight runs -- four earned -- and 10 hits in five innings for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . Jaime Garcia ( 9 - 5 ) gave up eight runs -- four earned -- and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter . Chris Johnson had three hits and drove in two runs for the Astros , who have won three of four . Jaime Garcia ( 9 - 5 ) gave up eight runs -- four earned -- and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . Garcia ( 9 - 5 ) gave up eight runs -- four earned -- and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . Garcia ( 9 - 5 ) gave up eight runs -- four earned -- and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . Garcia ( 9 - 5 ) gave up eight runs -- four earned -- and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter for the first time this season .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Kansas City Royals manager Ned Yost was n't happy with his team 's latest loss . Alex Gordon and Alex Gordon hit back - to - back home runs in the second inning , and the Royals rallied for a 3 - 2 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . Gordon led off the second inning with a home run off Oakland starter Vin Mazzaro to give the Royals a 1 - 0 lead . Gordon led off the second with his 14th home run of the season to give the Royals a 1 - 0 lead . Gordon led off the second with his 14th home run of the season to give the Royals a 1 - 0 lead . The Royals tied it in the fourth on Kurt Suzuki 's RBI single and Kurt Suzuki 's run - scoring single in the bottom of the inning . Oakland tied it in the bottom half on Kurt Suzuki 's run - scoring single . The Royals tied it in the bottom of the fifth on Matt Watson 's RBI double and Kurt Suzuki 's run - scoring double off Kyle Davies ( 4 - 6 ) in the fifth . The Royals tied it in the bottom of the fifth on Matt Watson 's RBI double and Kurt Suzuki 's run - scoring double off Kyle Davies . Davies allowed two runs -- one earned -- and five hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out six . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Gordon led off with his 14th home run of the season , a drive into the right - field seats . The Royals tied it in the fourth on Kurt Suzuki 's RBI single .
ST. LOUIS -- Adam Wainwright has been pitching well in his first season in the majors . The St. Louis Cardinals ' right - hander gave up one run in seven innings , Albert Pujols hit a two - run homer and the Cardinals beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Wainwright ( 15 - 6 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings , striking out five and walking none . He also had two hits and drove in a run with a sacrifice fly in the third . Wainwright ( 15 - 6 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked none . He also had an RBI single in the second and an RBI single in the fifth . Wainwright ( 15 - 6 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked none . He also had an RBI single in the second and an RBI single in the fifth . Wainwright ( 15 - 6 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked none . He also had an RBI single in the second and an RBI single in the fifth . Wainwright also had an RBI single in the second , a two - run sacrifice fly in the third and a two - run sacrifice fly in the fifth . Wainwright ( 15 - 6 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked none . He also had two hits and drove in a run with a sacrifice fly in the second . Wainwright also had an RBI single in the second and a two - run sacrifice fly in the fifth . Miles ' RBI single in the fifth gave the Cardinals a 4 - 1 lead . Miles ' sacrifice fly made it 4 - 1 , and Miles ' sacrifice fly made it 4 - 1 . Miles ' sacrifice fly made it 4 - 1 , and Miles ' sacrifice fly made it 4 - 1 . Miles ' sacrifice fly made it 4 - 1 , and Miles followed with a sacrifice fly .
SEATTLE -- The Oakland Athletics have n't had much success at Safeco Field this season . Gio Gonzalez pitched four - hit ball over seven innings and Chris Carter hit a two - run homer , leading the Athletics to an 8 - 1 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . Cliff Pennington and Cliff Pennington also homered for the A 's , who won for just the second time in eight games . Gonzalez ( 15 - 9 ) allowed four hits , walked five and struck out eight . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Gonzalez ( 15 - 9 ) allowed four hits , walked five and struck out eight . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Gonzalez ( 15 - 9 ) allowed four hits , walked five and struck out eight . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts and is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Oakland 's Doug Fister ( 6 - 14 ) gave up six runs and a career - high 13 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He has lost four of his last five decisions . Fister ( 6 - 14 ) gave up six runs and a career - high 13 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He did not strike out a batter and did not strike out a batter for the first time this season . Fister ( 6 - 14 ) gave up six runs and a career - high 13 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He did not strike out a batter and did not strike out a batter for the first time this season .
CINCINNATI -- Nelson Figueroa has been a tough - luck loser for the Houston Astros . Figueroa pitched 6 2/3 innings of six - hit ball and Carlos Lee had three hits , leading the Astros to a 2 - 0 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Figueroa ( 6 - 4 ) gave up six hits and three walks while striking out five . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Brandon Lyon pitched the ninth for his 20th save in 21 chances . The Astros have won three of their last four games . The Astros have won six of their last seven games . The Astros have won six of their last seven games . They have won seven of their last 10 games . Figueroa ( 6 - 4 ) allowed six hits and three walks with five strikeouts in 6 2/3 innings . Brandon Lyon pitched the ninth for his 20th save in 25 chances . The Reds have won three of four . The Reds have won six of their last seven games . The Reds have won seven of their last 10 games . The Reds have won seven of their last 10 games . The Reds have won seven of their last 10 games . The Reds have won seven of their last 10 games . The Reds have won seven of their last 10 games . The Reds have won seven of their last 10 games . The Reds have won seven of their last 10 games . The Reds have won seven of their last 10 games . The Reds have won seven of their last 10 games . The Reds have won seven of their last 10 games . The Reds have won seven of their last 10 games . The Reds have won seven of their last 10 games . The Reds have won seven of their last 10 games . The Reds have won seven of their last 10 games . The Reds have won seven of their last 10 games .
DENVER -- Matt Kemp 's first career grand slam put the Los Angeles Dodgers ahead 5 - 1 in the third inning . Kemp 's grand slam capped a five - run third inning and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Colorado Rockies 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Kemp 's grand slam in the third gave the Dodgers a 5 - 1 lead . It was the second grand slam of the season for Kemp , who was acquired in a trade with the New York Mets on July 31 . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Troy Tulowitzki led off with a single and scored on Ian Stewart 's sacrifice fly . Miguel Olivo hit a solo homer in the third , and Ryan Spilborghs had three hits and drove in two runs for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Ramon Troncoso ( 2 - 3 ) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief . Ronald Belisario gave up a run in the ninth but held on for his second save in three chances . Troy Tulowitzki went 4 - for - 4 and scored four runs for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Jhoulys Chacin ( 9 - 11 ) gave up seven runs -- two earned -- and four hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked three . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Tulowitzki doubled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Todd Helton . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Tulowitzki doubled and scored on Ian Stewart 's sacrifice fly . Olivo 's homer in the third cut the lead to 5 - 2 , but the Rockies answered in the bottom half when Tulowitzki doubled and scored on Ian Stewart 's groundout .
DENVER -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have n't had much success against the Colorado Rockies this season . Matt Kemp hit a pair of solo home runs , Rafael Furcal had two hits and drove in two runs and the Dodgers beat the Rockies 9 - 7 on Tuesday night . Rafael Furcal had two hits and drove in two runs , and James Loney also homered for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Kenley Jansen got four outs for his third save in four chances . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Melvin Mora led off with a double and scored on Carlos Gonzalez 's single . Todd Helton 's two - run homer off Ronald Belisario ( 3 - 1 ) gave the Rockies a 6 - 6 lead in the seventh . It was the first home run allowed by Belisario ( 3 - 1 ) , who gave up a tying two - run homer to Dexter Fowler in the seventh inning of a 6 - 5 loss to the Rockies on Wednesday night . Jansen came on in the bottom of the ninth and got pinch - hitter Michael McKenry to ground into a game - ending double play . Los Angeles starter Hiroki Kuroda gave up five runs and six hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Kuroda gave up five runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Melvin Mora doubled and scored on Carlos Gonzalez 's two - out single . Kuroda gave up five runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one .
DENVER -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have n't had much success against the Colorado Rockies this season . Ted Lilly pitched eight strong innings and Casey Blake had three hits and drove in two runs , leading the Dodgers to a 3 - 1 win over the Rockies on Tuesday night . Lilly ( 9 - 12 ) allowed one run and four hits in eight innings , striking out eight and walking two . He is 6 - 1 in his last seven starts . Lilly ( 9 - 12 ) allowed one run and four hits in eight innings , striking out eight and walking two . He is 6 - 1 in his last seven starts . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Lilly ( 9 - 12 ) allowed one run and four hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Rafael Furcal led off with a double and scored on Casey Blake 's two - out single . Blake added a two - out RBI single in the ninth off Matt Belisle , who was recalled from Triple-A Albuquerque earlier in the day . Jimenez ( 19 - 8 ) gave up two runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked four . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Rafael Furcal led off with a double and scored on Blake 's two - run single . Blake added an RBI single in the ninth off Matt Belisle , who was recalled from Triple-A Albuquerque earlier in the day .
MILWAUKEE -- Trevor Hoffman has been one of the few bright spots for the Milwaukee Brewers . Ryan Braun drove in three runs , Ryan Braun drove in three runs and the Brewers beat the Florida Marlins 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Ryan Braun had two hits and three RBIs , and Ryan Braun drove in three runs for the Brewers . Jeremy Jeffress ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two innings of one - hit relief , and Trevor Hoffman gave up an RBI single to Ozzie Martinez in the ninth . Jeremy Jeffress ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two innings for the win . Milwaukee starter Andrew Miller ( 1 - 4 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He gave up eight hits and four runs with two walks and four strikeouts . Florida 's Mark Rogers allowed one run and struck out four in three innings . Zach Braddock , Kameron Loe and Trevor Hoffman combined for four innings of one - run ball . Milwaukee starter Andrew Miller ( 1 - 4 ) lasted only 4 1/3 innings , giving up four runs and eight hits . He walked two and struck out four . The Marlins added a run in the eighth on pinch - hitter Emilio Bonifacio 's sacrifice fly . Zach Braddock , Kameron Loe and Trevor Hoffman combined for four innings of one - run ball . Zach Braddock , Kameron Loe and Trevor Hoffman combined for four innings of one - run ball . Zach Braddock and Kameron Loe pitched scoreless relief . Kameron Loe pitched the eighth and Trevor Hoffman gave up an RBI single to Ozzie Martinez in the ninth .
NEW YORK -- Jed Lowrie and the Boston Red Sox did n't need much help from the New York Yankees . Lowrie had four hits , including a three - run homer , and Josh Beckett pitched into the seventh inning to lead the Red Sox to a 10 - 8 victory over the Yankees on Tuesday night . Lowrie had four hits , including a three - run homer in the second inning off Andy Pettitte ( 11 - 3 ) , who gave up seven runs and 10 hits in 3 1/3 innings . Pettitte ( 11 - 3 ) allowed seven runs -- six earned -- and 10 hits in 3 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . Pettitte ( 11 - 3 ) allowed seven runs -- six earned -- and 10 hits in 3 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . Pettitte ( 11 - 3 ) gave up seven runs -- six earned -- and 10 hits in 3 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander gave up seven runs in 3 1/3 innings in a loss to the New York Yankees last week . Pettitte ( 11 - 3 ) allowed seven runs -- six earned -- and 10 hits in 3 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander gave up seven runs in 3 1/3 innings in a loss to the New York Yankees on July 31 . Pettitte ( 11 - 3 ) gave up seven runs -- six earned -- and 10 hits in 3 1/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts and has n't won since July 26 .
NEW YORK -- David Price and the Tampa Bay Rays did n't need much run support for the New York Yankees . Price pitched six effective innings and Carl Crawford had three hits and two RBIs , leading the Rays to a 10 - 3 victory over the Yankees on Tuesday night . Price ( 18 - 6 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in six - plus innings , striking out seven and walking four . The right - hander is 6 - 1 with a 2.28 ERA in his last eight starts at Yankee Stadium . Price ( 18 - 6 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in six innings , striking out seven and walking four . The right - hander is 4 - 1 in his last five starts and is 4 - 1 with a 2.28 ERA in his last seven starts . The Rays have won five of their last six games at Yankee Stadium , their longest winning streak since a 10 - game run in June 2008 . Price ( 18 - 6 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in six - plus innings . He struck out seven and walked four . The right - hander is 6 - 1 with a 2.28 ERA in his last eight starts at Yankee Stadium . Marcus Thames hit a two - run homer in the second for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Sabathia ( 20 - 7 ) gave up a season - high seven runs -- seven earned -- and 10 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . Carl Crawford had three hits and drove in two runs for the Rays , who have won six of their last seven . Tampa Bay has won six of its last seven games at Yankee Stadium . The Yankees have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven .
WASHINGTON -- Michael Morse hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning , and the Washington Nationals beat the Houston Astros 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Ross Detwiler ( 1 - 2 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in six innings for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Nelson Figueroa ( 5 - 4 ) gave up five runs and six hits in six - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Astros have lost four of five . Ross Detwiler ( 1 - 2 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in six innings for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Nelson Figueroa ( 5 - 4 ) gave up five runs and six hits in six innings . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on Hunter Pence 's RBI double . Houston took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth . Jason Bourgeois led off with a double and scored on Hunter Pence 's two - out single . Houston took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth . Jason Bourgeois led off with a double and scored on Hunter Pence 's two - out single . Houston took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth . Jason Bourgeois led off with a double and scored on Hunter Pence 's two - out single . Houston took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth . Jason Bourgeois led off with a double and scored on Hunter Pence 's two - out single . Houston took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth . Jason Bourgeois led off with a double and scored on Hunter Pence 's single .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting for a lot to celebrate this season . Jim Thome hit a go - ahead homer in the eighth inning and the Twins rallied for a 6 - 4 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Jim Thome and Jim Thome also homered for the Twins , who trailed 4 - 1 in the sixth inning and 4 - 1 in the eighth . Glen Perkins ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth to get the win . Matt Capps pitched a perfect ninth for his 41st save in 48 chances . The Indians have lost five of six and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season .
TORONTO -- Ichiro Suzuki had four hits , including a home run , and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Seattle Mariners 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Ichiro Suzuki went 4 - for - 4 with a walk and scored twice for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Marc Rzepczynski ( 2 - 4 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out eight . Rzepczynski ( 2 - 4 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out a career - high eight . Rzepczynski ( 2 - 4 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out a career - high eight . Shawn Camp got two outs and Kevin Gregg gave up Jose Lopez 's two - out RBI single in the ninth before finishing for his 34th save in 37 chances . Suzuki had four hits for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . French ( 4 - 6 ) allowed five runs and seven hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out two . French , who walked one and struck out two in his first career start against the Blue Jays , allowed five runs and seven hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out two . French , who walked one and struck out two in his first career start against the Blue Jays , allowed five runs and seven hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out two . French , who walked one and struck out two in his first career start against the Blue Jays , allowed five runs and seven hits in seven innings .
BOSTON -- Baltimore Orioles manager Buck Showalter was n't happy with his team 's latest loss . Luke Scott drove in the go - ahead run with a sacrifice fly in the seventh inning , Luke Scott drove in the go - ahead run with a sacrifice fly in the seventh and the Orioles beat the Boston Red Sox 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Luke Scott drove in the go - ahead run with a sacrifice fly in the seventh . David Hernandez ( 8 - 8 ) pitched two innings for the win . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth for his 10th save in 12 chances . Baltimore starter Daisuke Matsuzaka ( 9 - 6 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out four . David Hernandez ( 8 - 8 ) earned the win with two innings of one - run relief . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth for his 10th save in 11 chances . Baltimore starter Brian Matusz gave up one run and three hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked three . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth for his 10th save . Baltimore starter Brian Matusz gave up one run and three hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out four . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Ty Wigginton . The Orioles tied it in the bottom of the first on RBI singles by Victor Martinez and Bill Hall . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom of the first on an RBI single by Victor Martinez . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom of the first on an RBI single by Victor Martinez .
DETROIT -- The Detroit Tigers needed a lot of help from the Kansas City Royals . Alex Avila hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the sixth inning , Will Rhymes added a two - run shot and the Tigers beat the Royals 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Alex Avila had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Will Rhymes added a two - run shot for the Tigers . Greinke ( 9 - 13 ) allowed six runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in six - plus innings . He struck out three and walked two . Greinke ( 9 - 13 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in six - plus innings . He struck out three and walked two . Brad Thomas ( 6 - 2 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Phil Coke got the final two outs for his second save . Greinke ( 9 - 13 ) allowed six runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Ramon Santiago 's two - out RBI single . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Ramon Santiago 's two - out RBI single . Betancourt hit a three - run homer in the fifth to pull Kansas City within 4 - 3 . Betancourt hit a run - scoring single in the fifth to give Kansas City a 5 - 4 lead . Avila hit a two - run homer in the sixth to give the Tigers a 6 - 5 lead .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Jered Weaver and the Los Angeles Angels are on a roll . Weaver allowed three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings , leading the Los Angeles Angels to a 7 - 4 victory over the Texas Rangers on Tuesday night . Weaver ( 13 - 11 ) allowed three runs and nine hits , struck out two and walked two in 6 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in his last five starts against the Rangers . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 12th save in 14 chances . Derek Holland ( 3 - 4 ) gave up four runs and six hits over 3 2/3 innings in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained muscle in his left side . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 5.45 ERA in his last five starts . Holland ( 3 - 4 ) was charged with four runs and six hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out one . David Murphy had a career - high five hits for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . David Murphy had a career - high five hits for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . David Murphy had a career - high five hits for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . David Murphy had a career - high five hits for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . David Murphy had a career - high five hits for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . David Murphy had a career - high five hits for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . David Murphy had a career - high five hits for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . David Murphy had a career - high five hits for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . David Murphy had a career - high five hits for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . David Murphy had a career - high five hits for the Rangers , who have lost four of five .
CHICAGO -- The Detroit Tigers have n't had a winning season since the All-Star break . Justin Verlander pitched a six - hitter , Scott Sizemore hit a three - run homer and the Tigers beat the Chicago White Sox 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 17 - 8 ) struck out eight and walked one in his second complete game of the season . He struck out eight and walked one . Verlander ( 17 - 8 ) allowed three runs and six hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out eight and walked one . Verlander ( 17 - 8 ) gave up three runs and six hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out eight and walked one . The White Sox have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 10 - 21 since the All-Star break . Detroit has lost four of five . Verlander ( 17 - 8 ) allowed three runs and six hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out eight and walked one . The White Sox have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 10 - 21 since the All-Star break . Detroit has lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 11 games under .500 . Verlander ( 17 - 8 ) allowed three runs and six hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out eight and walked one . The White Sox have lost six of eight and are a major league - worst 10 - 21 since the All-Star break . They have lost six of eight . Detroit 's Lucas Harrell pitched five innings , giving up three runs and eight hits . He struck out five and walked two . Lucas Harrell pitched five innings , giving up three runs and eight hits . He struck out five and walked two . Lucas Harrell pitched five innings for Chicago , allowing three runs and eight hits . He struck out five and walked two .
PHILADELPHIA -- Kyle Kendrick did n't have his best stuff . Kendrick pitched six strong innings and Ryan Howard hit a two - run homer to lead the Philadelphia Phillies to a 5 - 2 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . Kendrick ( 10 - 9 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . Jordan Zimmermann ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in three - plus innings for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . The Nationals have lost five of six . Zimmermann ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in three innings . He walked one and struck out three . Zimmermann ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in three innings , his shortest outing of the season . He gave up three homers in a game for the first time this season . The Phillies jumped ahead 1 - 0 on Ian Desmond 's RBI triple in the first . Danny Espinosa led off the game with a double and scored on Ian Desmond 's triple to right . Ian Desmond 's RBI triple in the first gave the Nationals a 1 - 0 lead . Ibanez led off the bottom of the second with a double and scored on Wilson Valdez 's double to right to give the Phillies a 2 - 1 lead . The Phillies cut it to 5 - 2 in the sixth on Ian Desmond 's two - out RBI single . Philadelphia cut it to 5 - 2 in the sixth on Ian Desmond 's two - out RBI single . The Phillies cut it to 5 - 2 in the sixth on Ian Desmond 's RBI single .
ST. LOUIS -- The San Diego Padres ' offense has been a problem for the St. Louis Cardinals . Ryan Ludwick hit a three - run homer , Matt Stairs added a pinch - hit home run and the Padres beat the Cardinals 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Will Venable had three hits and drove in a run for the Padres , who have won four of five . Mike Adams ( 4 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Kyle McClellan ( 1 - 4 ) gave up four runs and four hits in 1 1/3 innings for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Mike Adams ( 4 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Kyle McClellan ( 1 - 4 ) gave up four runs and four hits in 1 1/3 innings for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Mike Adams ( 4 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . The Padres took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on Colby Rasmus ' RBI single and Colby Rasmus ' run - scoring single . The Cardinals tied it in the bottom half on Colby Rasmus ' RBI single , and Pedro Feliz 's RBI single off Ryan Webb in the seventh tied it at 4 . The Padres scored three runs in the seventh to tie it at 4 on Colby Rasmus ' RBI single and Pedro Feliz 's run - scoring single off Ryan Webb . The Padres had runners on first and third with one out in the seventh , but Molina grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Young struck out Tyler Greene and Tyler Greene to end the threat .
ST. LOUIS -- Yadier Molina was happy to see the St. Louis Cardinals keep going . Molina matched a career high with five hits and drove in five runs , Yadier Molina had four hits and drove in five runs and the Cardinals routed the San Diego Padres 14 - 4 on Tuesday night . Molina had a career - high four hits , including a two - run single in the second , and Matt Holliday added a solo homer in the sixth to help the Cardinals snap a three - game losing streak . The Cardinals had 19 hits in the first two innings against Mat Latos ( 14 - 7 ) , who gave up eight runs and nine hits in 1 1/3 innings . Latos ( 14 - 7 ) gave up eight runs and nine hits in 1 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He struck out one , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . Latos ( 14 - 7 ) gave up eight runs and nine hits in 1 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He struck out one , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . Latos was charged with eight runs and nine hits in 1 1 - 3 innings . The Cardinals have lost five of six . Latos ( 14 - 7 ) allowed eight runs , eight earned , and nine hits in 1 1/3 innings . He struck out one , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . Latos was charged with eight runs and nine hits in 1 1 - 3 innings . The Padres have lost five of six . Latos ( 14 - 7 ) allowed eight runs , eight earned , and nine hits in 1 1/3 innings . He had won his previous three decisions . The Cardinals have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost six of seven .
BALTIMORE -- Alex Rodriguez and the New York Yankees finally found a way to beat the Baltimore Orioles . Rodriguez hit a tiebreaking three - run homer in the ninth inning off Koji Uehara , and the Yankees beat the Orioles 4 - 3 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Alex Rodriguez homered twice and drove in four runs , and David Robertson ( 4 - 4 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Mariano Rivera pitched a perfect ninth for his 31st save in 34 tries . Rodriguez hit a solo shot in the second inning and a three - run drive in the ninth off Koji Uehara ( 1 - 2 ) , who allowed three runs and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . David Robertson ( 4 - 4 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Mariano Rivera got three outs for his 31st save in 34 tries . The Yankees have won three straight and six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . New York went up 1 - 0 in the second inning when Rodriguez hit a leadoff double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Nick Markakis . The Yankees tied it in the bottom half . Cesar Izturis led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Nick Markakis . The Orioles tied it in the bottom half . Cesar Izturis led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Nick Markakis .
MIAMI -- Ryan Dempster has been one of the Chicago Cubs ' most consistent pitchers this season . Dempster pitched seven innings of four - hit ball , Alfonso Soriano had two hits and drove in a run and the Cubs beat the Florida Marlins 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Dempster ( 14 - 10 ) allowed four hits , walked three and struck out five . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.99 ERA in his last four starts . Dempster ( 14 - 10 ) allowed four hits , walked three and struck out five . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.99 ERA in his last four starts . Carlos Marmol pitched the ninth for his 32nd save in 34 chances . Alex Sanabia ( 4 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Florida 's Alex Sanabia ( 4 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three , walked three and hit a batter . Sanabia ( 4 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three , walked three and hit a batter . Sanabia ( 4 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three , walked three and hit a batter . Sanabia ( 4 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three , walked three and hit a batter . The Marlins went ahead 1 - 0 in the second when Xavier Nady doubled and scored on a double by Alfonso Soriano .
CINCINNATI -- Arizona Diamondbacks manager Kirk Gibson had no problem with the way his team had been playing lately . Rodrigo Lopez pitched seven innings of one - run ball , Kelly Johnson had three hits and an RBI and the Diamondbacks beat the Cincinnati Reds 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Kelly Johnson had three hits and drove in a run for the Diamondbacks , who have won five of their last six games . Rodrigo Lopez ( 6 - 14 ) allowed one run and eight hits in seven innings , striking out four and walking none . Juan Gutierrez pitched the ninth for his 10th save in as many chances . Edinson Volquez ( 3 - 3 ) gave up three runs and six hits in 6 2 - 3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Volquez ( 3 - 3 ) gave up three runs and six hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Drew Stubbs doubled and scored on Jonny Gomes ' double . Volquez allowed three runs and six hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Volquez gave up three runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Volquez allowed three runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Volquez allowed three runs and six hits with two walks and seven strikeouts in 6 1 - 3 innings . Volquez allowed three runs and six hits with two walks and seven strikeouts in 6 1 - 3 innings .
SEATTLE -- Clay Buchholz has been one of the best pitchers in the major leagues this season . Buchholz pitched seven strong innings , Adrian Beltre hit a solo homer and the Boston Red Sox beat the Seattle Mariners 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Buchholz ( 16 - 7 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked three . Buchholz ( 16 - 7 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked three . Hideki Okajima and Hideki Okajima each pitched a scoreless inning to complete the four - hitter . David Pauley ( 2 - 8 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings for the Mariners . He struck out four and walked two . Seattle starter David Pauley ( 2 - 8 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . Beltre led off the fourth with his 18th home run of the season to tie the game at 1 . It was Beltre 's second homer of the season and second in two games . Beltre hit a 2 - 1 pitch from David Pauley ( 2 - 8 ) deep into the left - field seats for his 12th home run of the season . It was the first home run allowed by Pauley ( 2 - 8 ) , who gave up six hits and two runs in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . Beltre led off the fourth with his 21st home run of the season to tie the game 1 - 1 . It was Beltre 's first home run since July 26 .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Alex Rodriguez and the New York Yankees did n't need much help from the Tampa Bay Rays . Cano hit a go - ahead homer in the 10th inning , and the Yankees beat the Rays 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Cano hit a two - run homer off Dan Wheeler ( 2 - 3 ) to put the Yankees ahead 7 - 6 in the fifth . David Robertson ( 3 - 4 ) pitched a perfect eighth and Mariano Rivera got three outs for his 30th save in 34 opportunities . Carlos Pena homered for the Rays , who have lost four of five . David Robertson ( 3 - 4 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Mariano Rivera got three outs for his 30th save in 34 opportunities . Carlos Pena homered and Carl Crawford had two hits for the Rays , who have lost four of five . David Robertson ( 3 - 4 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Mariano Rivera got three outs for his 30th save in 34 opportunities . Tampa Bay 's Matt Garza gave up six runs and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 7.16 ERA in his last five starts . Tampa Bay starter Matt Garza gave up six runs and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 7.16 ERA in his last four starts . Tampa Bay starter Matt Garza gave up six runs and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 7.16 ERA in his last four starts . Garza , who had won his previous three starts , gave up six runs and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings .
DENVER -- Miguel Tejada had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in four runs to lead the San Diego Padres to a 6 - 4 win over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Tejada had three hits , including a two - run homer in the first inning , and Ryan Ludwick had two hits and drove in a run for the Padres , who have won four of five . Ernesto Frieri ( 1 - 1 ) got one out for the win . Heath Bell pitched the ninth for his major league - leading 41st save in 44 chances . The Rockies have lost five of six . Ernesto Frieri ( 1 - 1 ) got one out for the win . Heath Bell pitched the ninth for his major league - leading 41st save in 44 chances . The Rockies have lost five of six . Ernesto Frieri ( 1 - 1 ) pitched one - third of an inning for the win . Heath Bell pitched the ninth for his 41st save in 44 chances . The Rockies have lost five of six . The Rockies have lost five of six . The Rockies have lost five of six . The Rockies have lost five of six . The Rockies have lost five of six . The Rockies have lost five of six . The Rockies have lost five of six . The Rockies have lost five of six . The Rockies have lost five of six . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games and have dropped five of six . The Rockies have lost five of their last six games and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . The Rockies have lost five of six .
CINCINNATI -- Pittsburgh Pirates manager Clint Hurdle decided to go to the bullpen . Andrew McCutchen hit a three - run double with two outs in the ninth inning , rallying the Pirates to a 3 - 1 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won seven of their last nine games . The Pirates have won seven of their last nine games . The Pirates have won seven of their last nine games . The Pirates have won seven of their last nine games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games .
ATLANTA -- Chris Carpenter has been a tough - luck loser for the St. Louis Cardinals . Carpenter hit a go - ahead single in the sixth inning , and the Atlanta Braves rallied to beat the St. Louis Cardinals 8 - 6 on Tuesday night . Carpenter ( 15 - 6 ) gave up eight runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . The right - hander has given up eight runs in his last three starts . Carpenter ( 15 - 6 ) gave up eight runs , six earned , and eight hits in five - plus innings . Peter Moylan ( 6 - 2 ) earned the win with a scoreless eighth . Billy Wagner pitched the ninth for his 33rd save . Matt Holliday had three hits , including a two - run homer , and three RBIs for St. Louis . Matt Holliday had three hits , including a two - run homer , and three RBIs for St. Louis , which has lost four of five . Carpenter ( 15 - 6 ) gave up eight hits and eight runs -- six earned -- in five - plus innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Carpenter 's homer tied it 1 - 1 in the second , but the Braves tied it in the bottom half on Derrek Lee 's run - scoring single and Melky Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Holliday . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Holliday . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Holliday . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Holliday .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres have n't had a winning season for the San Diego Padres . Mat Latos struck out a season - high 10 in seven innings , Adrian Gonzalez hit an RBI double and the Padres beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Latos ( 14 - 5 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings , struck out 10 and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The right - hander is 5 - 0 in his last seven starts . Heath Bell pitched out of a bases - loaded jam in the ninth for his major league - leading 39th save in 37 chances . The Dodgers have lost five of six . Latos ( 14 - 5 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He walked none and struck out 10 . Heath Bell pitched the final 1 2/3 innings for his major league - leading 39th save in 37 chances . The Dodgers have lost five of six . Latos ( 14 - 5 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He walked none and struck out a season - high 10 . Heath Bell pitched out of a bases - loaded jam in the ninth for his major league - leading 39th save in 37 chances . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six .
PHILADELPHIA -- Adalberto Mendez pitched a one - hitter for his first major league win , Dan Uggla had three hits and three RBIs and the Florida Marlins beat the Philadelphia Phillies 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Mendez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games and are a major league - worst 69 - 93 -- the worst record in the majors . The Phillies have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Mendez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out five . Worley ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games and are 3 - 6 on a nine - game road trip . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games and are 3 - 6 on a nine - game road trip . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games and are 3 - 6 since the All-Star break .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox have been waiting for David Ortiz to find a way to beat the Tampa Bay Rays . Kalish hit a two - run homer in the first inning , and the Red Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays 12 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The Red Sox have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The Red Sox have won seven of their last 10 games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The Red Sox have won seven of their last 10 games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season .
NEW YORK -- Yankees manager Joe Girardi was happy to see the New York Yankees get back in the thick of the playoff race . Marcus Thames hit a tiebreaking , two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Yankees beat the Toronto Blue Jays 7 - 5 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight win . Joba Chamberlain ( 2 - 4 ) pitched a perfect seventh for the win , and Mariano Rivera struck out two in a scoreless ninth for his 29th save in 34 chances . Lyle Overbay hit a two - run homer for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Joba Chamberlain ( 2 - 4 ) pitched a perfect seventh for the win . Mariano Rivera worked the ninth for his 29th save in 34 chances . Lyle Overbay hit a two - run homer for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Joba Chamberlain ( 2 - 4 ) pitched a perfect seventh for the win . Mariano Rivera worked the ninth for his 29th save in 34 chances . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . The Blue Jays took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run homer by McDonald and a two - run shot by Lyle Overbay . The Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half on Cano 's two - out , two - run single .
SEATTLE -- Luke French has been a tough - luck loser for the Seattle Mariners . French pitched seven innings of one - hit ball , and the Mariners held on to beat the Cleveland Indians 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . French ( 4 - 4 ) allowed one hit and three walks while striking out four . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.03 ERA in his last four starts . French ( 4 - 4 ) allowed one hit and three walks while striking out four . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.03 ERA in his last four starts . French ( 4 - 4 ) allowed one hit and three walks while striking out four . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.03 ERA in his last four starts . The Mariners have lost six of eight . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . Hernandez allowed four hits , walked five and struck out six in eight innings . He has given up three earned runs or less in each of his last five starts . The Indians have scored just three runs in their last four games . Hernandez allowed four hits , walked five and struck out six in eight innings . He has given up three earned runs or less in each of his last five starts . The Indians have scored just three runs in their last four games .
ATLANTA -- Johan Santana has been a tough - luck loser for the New York Mets . Santana pitched five effective innings and David Wright homered to lead the Mets to a 4 - 2 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . Santana ( 11 - 9 ) allowed one run and three hits in five innings , striking out three and walking one . Hisanori Takahashi pitched the ninth for his third save . Tim Hudson ( 15 - 6 ) gave up eight hits and four runs -- three earned -- in seven innings for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Santana ( 11 - 9 ) gave up three hits and one run in five innings . He walked one and struck out three . Hisanori Takahashi pitched the ninth for his third save . Tim Hudson ( 15 - 6 ) gave up eight hits and four runs -- three earned -- in seven innings . He has lost three straight starts for the first time this season . Hudson ( 15 - 6 ) gave up eight hits and four runs -- three earned -- with four strikeouts and one walk in seven innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Braves have lost six of seven . Atlanta has lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . Atlanta has lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . Atlanta has lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . Atlanta has lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . Atlanta has lost six of seven .
DENVER -- Chase Utley and the rest of the Philadelphia Phillies ' batting order could n't come up with a big hit . Utley hit a three - run homer and drove in six runs , Jayson Werth also went deep and the Phillies beat the Colorado Rockies 11 - 12 on Tuesday night . Utley had three hits , including a three - run homer in the second inning off Manny Delcarmen ( 3 - 3 ) . He also had an RBI single in the fifth and a two - run homer in the seventh off Joe Beimel . Antonio Bastardo ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three runs in the seventh . Brad Lidge pitched the ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . Troy Tulowitzki had three hits and drove in two runs for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Troy Tulowitzki had three hits and drove in two runs for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Troy Tulowitzki had three hits and an RBI for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Troy Tulowitzki had three hits and an RBI for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Troy Tulowitzki had three hits and an RBI for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Troy Tulowitzki had three hits and an RBI for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Troy Tulowitzki had three hits and an RBI for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Jhoulys Chacin allowed three runs -- one earned -- and five hits in 5 1 - 3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Jhoulys Chacin allowed three runs -- one earned -- and five hits in 5 1/3 innings .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Danny Valencia had an RBI single in the 10th inning to lift the Minnesota Twins to a 2 - 1 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Danny Valencia had an RBI single in the 10th for the Twins , who have won four of five . Jon Rauch ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 10th inning for the win . The Twins have lost four of five . Scherzer allowed one run and four hits in his second complete game of the season , striking out nine and walking one . He threw 76 of his 106 pitches for strikes . Scherzer had nine strikeouts and one walk in his second complete game of the season . He threw 76 of his 106 pitches for strikes . Scherzer allowed one run and four hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out nine and walked one in his second complete game of the season . He has allowed two earned runs or less in each of his last five starts . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on Jose Morales ' sacrifice fly , but the Tigers tied it in the eighth on Jhonny Peralta 's two - out RBI single off Matt Guerrier . Jon Rauch ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 10th for the win . Scherzer allowed four hits , struck out nine and walked one . He threw 76 of his 106 pitches for strikes . Scherzer retired the first eight batters before Michael Cuddyer singled with one out in the fifth . Scherzer then struck out Jason Repko and retired Jason Repko on a fly ball to end the inning . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on Jose Morales ' sacrifice fly .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Texas Rangers ' offense finally got to C. J. Wilson . Michael Young hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs , leading the Rangers to a 6 - 0 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Michael Young hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs for the Rangers , who won for the fourth time in five games . The Rangers have won seven of their last 10 games at Tropicana Field , dating to Game 4 of the 1999 ALDS . The Rangers have won seven of their last 10 games at Tropicana Field , dating to Game 4 of the 1999 ALDS . The Rangers have won seven of their last 10 games at Tropicana Field , dating to Game 4 of the 1999 ALDS . The Rangers have won seven of their last 10 games at Tropicana Field , dating to Game 4 of the 1999 ALDS . The Rangers have won seven of their last 10 games at Tropicana Field , dating to Game 4 of the 1999 ALDS . The Rangers have won seven of their last 10 games at Tropicana Field , dating to Game 4 of the 1999 ALDS . The Rangers have won seven of their last 10 games at Tropicana Field , dating to Game 4 of the 1999 ALDS . The Rangers have won seven of their last 10 games at Tropicana Field , dating to Game 4 of the 1999 ALDS . The Rangers have won seven of their last 10 games at Tropicana Field , dating to Game 4 of the 1999 ALDS . The Rangers have won seven of their last 10 games at Tropicana Field , dating to Game 4 of the 1999 ALDS . The Rangers have won seven of their last 10 games at Tropicana Field , dating to Game 4 of the 1999 ALDS . The Rangers have won seven of their last 10 games at Tropicana Field , dating to Game 4 of the 1999 ALDS . The Rangers have won seven of their last 10 games at Tropicana Field , dating to Game 4 of the 1999 ALDS . The Rangers have won seven of their last 10 games at Tropicana Field , dating to Game 4 of the 1999 ALDS . The Rangers have won seven of their last 10 games at Tropicana Field , dating to Game 4 of the 1999 ALDS . The Rangers have won seven of their last 10 games at Tropicana Field , dating to Game 4 of the 1999 ALDS . The Rangers have won seven of their last 10 games at Tropicana Field , dating to Game 4 of the 1999 ALDS . The Rangers have won seven of their last 10 games at Tropicana Field , dating to Game 4 of the 1999 ALDS . The Rangers have won seven of their last 10 games at Tropicana Field , dating to Game 4 of the 1999 ALDS . The Rangers have won seven of their last 10 games at Tropicana Field , dating to Game 4 of the 1999 ALDS . The Rangers have won seven of their last 10 games at Tropicana Field , dating to Game 4 of the 1999 ALDS .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have been waiting for Chad Billingsley to get a win . Billingsley pitched into the eighth inning and Matt Kemp hit a two - run homer , leading the Dodgers to a 3 - 2 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Wednesday night . Billingsley ( 12 - 11 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 7 1/3 innings , struck out nine and walked one . The right - hander has won his last three starts and is 5 - 0 in his last eight starts . Kenley Jansen pitched a scoreless ninth for his fourth save in five chances . Joe Saunders ( 9 - 17 ) gave up three runs and 10 hits in seven innings , striking out five and walking none . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts at Dodger Stadium , where he is 0 - 4 with a 6.35 ERA in his last five starts . Saunders ( 9 - 17 ) allowed two earned runs and 10 hits in seven innings , striking out five and walking none . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts at Dodger Stadium , where he is 0 - 4 with a 6.35 ERA in his last five starts . Saunders ( 9 - 17 ) allowed two earned runs and 10 hits in seven innings , struck out five and did not walk a batter . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts at Dodger Stadium , where he is 0 - 4 with a 6.35 ERA in his last five starts . Saunders ( 9 - 17 ) allowed two earned runs and 10 hits in seven innings , struck out five and did not walk a batter . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts at Dodger Stadium , where he is 0 - 4 with a 6.35 ERA in his last five starts . Saunders ( 9 - 17 ) gave up 10 hits and three runs -- two earned -- in seven innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the third time this season . Saunders ( 9 - 17 ) gave up 10 hits and three runs -- two earned -- in seven innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the third time this season .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox did n't need much help from the New York Yankees . Daniel Nava singled home the winning run in the bottom of the 10th inning , and the Red Sox beat the Yankees 7 - 6 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Felipe Lopez had three hits , including a solo homer , and Felipe Lopez had three hits , including a solo homer , and Felipe Lopez went 3 - for - 5 with a homer for Boston . Robert Manuel ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win . Ivan Nova ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- one earned -- and four hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out one . Nova ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- one earned -- and four hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out five . The Red Sox took a 4 - 1 lead in the third on Curtis Granderson 's sacrifice fly and Curtis Granderson 's sacrifice fly . Cervelli 's sacrifice fly in the third made it 4 - 1 . Cervelli 's sacrifice fly in the third made it 4 - 1 . Cervelli 's sacrifice fly in the third made it 4 - 1 . Cervelli 's sacrifice fly in the third made it 4 - 1 . Cervelli 's sacrifice fly in the third made it 4 - 1 . Cervelli 's sacrifice fly in the third made it 4 - 1 . Cervelli 's sacrifice fly in the third made it 4 - 1 . Cervelli 's sacrifice fly in the third made it 4 - 1 .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Diego Padres are n't going to let Clayton Richard get a win . Adrian Gonzalez hit a three - run homer , Matt Stairs added a solo shot and the Padres beat the San Francisco Giants 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Richard ( 14 - 9 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out one and walked two . The right - hander was 0 - 3 in his previous five starts , allowing only one earned run over his previous 13 2/3 innings . Richard ( 14 - 9 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out one and walked two . Heath Bell got the final four outs for his major league - leading 46th save in 48 chances . The Giants have lost five of six . San Francisco has lost four of five . The Giants have lost five of six . San Francisco has lost four of five . The Giants have lost five of six . San Francisco has lost four of five . The Giants have lost five of six . San Francisco has lost four of five . The Giants have lost five of six . San Francisco has lost four of five . The Giants have lost five of six . San Francisco has lost four of five . The Giants have lost five of six . San Francisco 's offense has been the best in the majors since the All-Star break , going 0 - for - 8 with runners in scoring position . San Francisco has lost five of six . The Giants have lost five of six . San Francisco 's offense has been struggling to score runs . The Giants have lost five of their last six games .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Toronto Blue Jays have n't had much success at Target Field this season . Edwin Encarnacion hit a three - run homer and Ricky Romero pitched eight strong innings to lead the Blue Jays to a 6 - 3 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Romero ( 14 - 9 ) allowed two runs and six hits with five strikeouts and no walks in eight innings to win his third straight start . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Romero ( 14 - 9 ) gave up two runs and six hits with five strikeouts and no walks . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts and is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Romero ( 14 - 9 ) gave up two runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Kevin Gregg got the final out for his major league - leading 37th save in 38 chances . Delmon Young homered in the second inning for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer had an RBI single in the sixth for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer had an RBI single in the sixth for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer had an RBI single in the sixth for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer had an RBI single in the sixth for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer had an RBI single in the sixth for the Twins , who have lost four of five .
NEW YORK -- Yankees manager Joe Girardi was happy to see the New York Yankees get back in the thick of the AL East race . Derek Jeter hit a go - ahead sacrifice fly in the sixth inning , and the Yankees beat the Toronto Blue Jays 5 - 4 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Curtis Granderson had an RBI single and Curtis Granderson added a run - scoring single as the Yankees won for the fifth time in six games . Burnett ( 4 - 1 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Mariano Rivera worked the ninth for his ninth save in nine chances . Mike McCoy hit a leadoff homer in the fifth for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Drabek ( 2 - 1 ) lasted 2 1/3 innings , giving up five runs and seven hits . He walked four and struck out four . Mike McCoy hit a leadoff homer in the fifth for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Drabek ( 2 - 1 ) was charged with five runs and seven hits in 2 1 - 3 innings . He walked four and struck out four . Drabek ( 2 - 1 ) was tagged for five runs and seven hits in 2 1 - 3 innings . He walked four and struck out four . Drabek ( 2 - 1 ) was tagged for five runs and seven hits in 2 1 - 3 innings . He walked four and struck out four . Drabek ( 2 - 1 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out four .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals have n't had much success against the Minnesota Twins this season . Jeff Francoeur and Alex Gordon hit back - to - back RBI singles in the eighth inning , and the Royals beat the Twins 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Blake Wood ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win and Joakim Soria worked a perfect ninth for his sixth save in seven chances . Blake Wood ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win and Joakim Soria worked a perfect ninth for his sixth save in six chances . Blake Wood ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Joakim Soria worked a perfect ninth for his sixth save in six chances . The Royals have lost six of their last seven games . The Royals have lost six of eight . The Royals have lost six of eight . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of eight . The Royals have lost six of eight . The Royals have lost six of eight . The Royals have lost six of eight . The Royals have lost six of eight . The Royals have lost six of eight . The Royals have lost six of eight . The Royals have lost six of eight . The Royals have lost six of eight . The Royals have lost six of eight . The Royals have lost six of eight . The Royals have lost six of eight . The Royals have lost six of eight . The Royals have lost six of eight . The Royals have lost six of eight .
CHICAGO -- Matt Wieters hit a tiebreaking two - run homer in the sixth inning , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Chicago White Sox 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . Wieters hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning , a two - run double in the seventh and a two - run double in the seventh off John Danks ( 0 - 4 ) , who gave up five runs and eight hits in six - plus innings . Wieters hit a two - run homer off John Danks ( 0 - 4 ) in the sixth inning and added a two - run double in the seventh . The White Sox lost for the fourth time in five games . They fell to 1 - 4 on their 10 - game road trip . Jake Arrieta ( 3 - 1 ) gave up three runs and five hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out two . John Danks ( 0 - 4 ) gave up five runs , five earned , and eight hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . Danks ( 0 - 4 ) gave up five runs , five earned , and eight hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . The White Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Pierzynski and a run - scoring single by Juan Pierre . The White Sox cut it to 3 - 2 in the third on a two - out RBI single by Reynolds and a two - out RBI single by Derrek Lee . Danks gave up five runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one .
DETROIT -- The Seattle Mariners are starting to feel good at the start of the season . Michael Pineda struck out nine in six innings , Luis Rodriguez hit a three - run homer and the Mariners beat the Detroit Tigers 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Pineda ( 4 - 1 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked three . Pineda ( 4 - 1 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked three . Brad Penny ( 1 - 3 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked one . Penny ( 1 - 3 ) allowed four runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Alex Avila 's two - out , two - run double . Detroit tied it in the third on Justin Smoak 's RBI double and Justin Smoak 's run - scoring double . The Mariners tied it in the third on Justin Smoak 's RBI double and Justin Smoak 's run - scoring double . The Mariners tied it in the third on Justin Smoak 's RBI double and Justin Smoak 's run - scoring double . The Mariners tied it in the third on Justin Smoak 's RBI double and Justin Smoak 's run - scoring double . The Mariners tied it in the third on Justin Smoak 's RBI double and Justin Smoak 's run - scoring double . The Mariners tied it in the third on Justin Smoak 's RBI double and Justin Smoak 's RBI double .
CLEVELAND -- Josh Tomlin did n't have his best stuff . The right - hander pitched six solid innings , and the Cleveland Indians beat the Kansas City Royals 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Tomlin ( 4 - 0 ) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . Jeff Francoeur homered and Alcides Escobar had two hits for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Jeff Francoeur homered for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Jeff Francoeur homered for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Jeff Francoeur homered for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Jeff Francoeur homered for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Jeff Francoeur homered for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Jeff Francoeur homered for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Jeff Francoeur homered for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Jeff Francoeur homered for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Jeff Francoeur homered for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Jeff Francoeur homered for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Jeff Francoeur homered in the second for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Francis allowed six runs and 10 hits in three - plus innings . He has given up 14 runs in his last three starts . Francis , who has n't won since April 12 , gave up 10 hits and six runs in 3 1/3 innings in his previous start against the Chicago White Sox . The right - hander , who had won his previous three starts , gave up five runs and 10 hits in three innings .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Texas Rangers manager Ron Washington said he did n't want to use closer Darren Oliver in the ninth inning of a game for the first time in his career . The right - hander pitched a perfect ninth for his second save of the season , and the Rangers beat the Toronto Blue Jays 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . The Rangers have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Cody Eppley ( 1 - 0 ) gave up a tying solo homer to Juan Rivera in the seventh . Darren Oliver pitched the ninth for his second save . Juan Rivera had three hits , including a tying , two - run homer off Cody Eppley ( 1 - 0 ) in the seventh for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Juan Rivera had three hits and drove in two runs for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Juan Rivera had three hits and drove in two runs for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Juan Rivera went 3 - for - 4 with a homer and two RBIs for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Juan Rivera had three hits and drove in two runs for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Jose Bautista had a two - run double in the fourth for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Jose Bautista had a two - run double in the fourth for the Blue Jays , who have lost six of seven . The Blue Jays had a 6 - 2 lead in the third . Corey Patterson led off with a single , stole second and scored on Mike McCoy 's single . Rivera followed with a two - out , two - run double to pull the Blue Jays within 6 - 5 . Bautista 's two - run double cut the deficit to 6 - 5 in the fourth .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Toronto Blue Jays manager John Gibbons was n't thinking about his team 's 10 - 3 loss to the Toronto Blue Jays on Monday night . Adam Lind hit a pair of three - run homers and drove in five runs , leading the Blue Jays to a 10 - 3 victory . Jesse Litsch ( 2 - 1 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings for the Blue Jays , who have won four of five . Matt Harrison ( 3 - 2 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in three innings for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Harrison ( 3 - 2 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in three - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander was coming off a three - hit shutout of the Los Angeles Angels in his previous start , when he gave up six runs in the first inning of a 6 - 5 loss . Harrison ( 3 - 2 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in three - plus innings . He walked three and struck out one . Harrison ( 3 - 2 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in three - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander struck out a season - high five and walked three . Harrison ( 3 - 2 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in three - plus innings . He walked three and struck out one . Harrison ( 3 - 2 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in three - plus innings . He walked three and struck out one .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Toronto manager John Gibbons was n't happy with his team 's offense . Kyle Drabek pitched six solid innings and Jose Bautista hit his major league - leading 12th homer to lead the Blue Jays to a 6 - 4 victory over the Texas Rangers on Tuesday night . Drabek ( 2 - 0 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He struck out two and walked two . Drabek ( 2 - 0 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He struck out two and walked two . Jon Rauch gave up a leadoff homer to Nelson Cruz in the ninth before finishing for his fourth save in four chances . Colby Lewis ( 1 - 3 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out three . Nelson Cruz and Yorvit Torrealba homered for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Lewis ( 1 - 3 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas starter Colby Lewis ( 1 - 3 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games and have the worst record in the American League . Texas has lost four of five . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas starter Colby Lewis ( 1 - 3 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Blue Jays had a chance to take the lead in the fourth when Julio Borbon and Ian Kinsler had consecutive one - out singles . Ian Kinsler followed with an RBI double , and Ian Kinsler had an RBI double . Ian Kinsler followed with an RBI double to make it 6 - 3 . Ian Kinsler followed with an RBI double to make it 6 - 3 . Ian Kinsler followed with an RBI double to make it 6 - 3 . Kinsler followed with an RBI double to cut the deficit to 6 - 3 .
MIAMI -- The Florida Marlins have been waiting for Giancarlo Stanton to find a way to beat the Colorado Rockies . Stanton hit a three - run homer with two outs in the eighth inning , and the Marlins beat the Rockies 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Omar Infante drove in three runs and Omar Infante drove in three runs for the Marlins , who have won four of five . Mike Dunn ( 1 - 0 ) got one out in the eighth for the win . Leo Nunez pitched a perfect ninth for his sixth save in seven chances . Omar Infante drove in three runs for the Marlins , who have won three of four . Mike Dunn ( 1 - 0 ) got one out in the eighth for the win . Leo Nunez pitched a perfect ninth for his sixth save in seven chances . Florida starter Josh Johnson allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked three . The Rockies took a 3 - 0 lead in the fifth on a bases - loaded triple by Omar Infante that scored John Buck and Emilio Bonifacio . Jimenez allowed three runs and one hit in five innings . He struck out seven and walked four . The Rockies took a 3 - 0 lead in the fifth when Emilio Bonifacio drew a two - out walk and scored on a two - out single by Omar Infante . The Rockies cut the deficit to 3 - 1 in the sixth on a two - out RBI double by Troy Tulowitzki . The Rockies cut the deficit to 3 - 1 in the sixth on a two - out RBI double by Herrera .
BALTIMORE -- The New York Yankees finally found a way to beat the Baltimore Orioles . Curtis Granderson hit a two - run homer in the first inning , Curtis Granderson added a two - run shot in the bottom of the inning and the Yankees beat the Orioles 6 - 3 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Derek Jeter went 4 - for - 4 with a double and scored a run for the Yankees , who have won three straight and five of six . Jeter had four hits and scored a run for the Yankees , who have won three straight and five of six . Jeter had four hits and scored a run for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Boone Logan ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Mariano Rivera gave up an RBI double to Brian Roberts with two outs in the 11th before striking out Mark Reynolds to end it . Mark Reynolds hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Boone Logan ( 1 - 1 ) retired the only batter he faced to earn the win . David Robertson gave up a two - out RBI double to Brian Roberts in the ninth before Buddy Carlyle got the final out of the inning . Orioles starter Jake Arrieta allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out nine , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . Baltimore 's Jake Arrieta gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked three . In his previous start , Arrieta gave up three runs and five hits in five innings of a no - decision against the Yankees . The right - hander yielded three runs and five hits in six innings .
DETROIT -- Brad Penny was n't as dominant as he was in his first start of the season . The right - hander pitched seven innings of one - hit ball for his first win of the season , leading the Detroit Tigers to a 9 - 0 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Penny ( 1 - 2 ) allowed one hit , struck out three and walked two . He threw 95 pitches , 57 for strikes . Penny ( 1 - 2 ) gave up one hit and struck out three in seven innings . He walked two and struck out three . Penny ( 1 - 2 ) allowed one hit , struck out three and walked two . He threw 95 pitches , 57 for strikes . Edwin Jackson ( 2 - 2 ) allowed eight runs -- seven earned -- and 12 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . Raburn 's two - run triple highlighted a three - run fourth that made it 3 - 0 , and Raburn 's sacrifice fly made it 7 - 0 . Raburn 's RBI single made it 8 - 0 in the sixth , and Raburn 's RBI single in the eighth made it 8 - 0 . Raburn 's RBI single in the sixth made it 8 - 0 , and Raburn 's RBI single in the eighth made it 8 - 0 . Raburn 's RBI single in the sixth made it 8 - 0 , and Raburn 's RBI single in the eighth made it 8 - 0 . Raburn 's RBI single in the sixth made it 8 - 0 , and Raburn 's RBI single in the eighth made it 8 - 0 .
CINCINNATI -- Joey Votto was n't surprised to see the Cincinnati Reds get back in the game . Votto hit a solo homer in the ninth inning , and the Reds beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Mike Leake ( 3 - 0 ) gave up three runs and four hits in seven innings , including Stephen Drew 's solo homer in the fifth . Leake ( 3 - 0 ) allowed four hits and three runs with two walks and six strikeouts in seven innings . Daniel Hudson ( 0 - 4 ) gave up seven runs , five hits and four walks in 5 1/3 innings in his first start of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Diamondbacks have lost four of their last five games . Hudson ( 0 - 4 ) gave up seven runs -- five earned -- and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked four . The Diamondbacks have lost four of their last five games . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . The Diamondbacks have scored at least seven runs in each of their last five games . The Diamondbacks have scored at least seven runs in each of their last five games .
MIAMI -- Ricky Nolasco pitched seven shutout innings to help the Florida Marlins beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 6 - 0 on Tuesday night . Nolasco ( 2 - 0 ) allowed four hits , struck out eight and walked one . The right - hander has a 3.00 ERA and has a 3.00 ERA in three starts . Nolasco ( 2 - 0 ) struck out eight , walked one and lowered his ERA to 3.00 . The right - hander has a 3.00 ERA and has a 3.00 ERA in three starts this season . Edward Mujica , Edward Mujica and Edward Mujica each pitched two innings to complete the five - hitter . Morton ( 2 - 1 ) allowed six runs and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked three . The Pirates have lost four of five . Morton ( 2 - 1 ) allowed six runs and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out six , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . Chris Coghlan had a two - run single and Hanley Ramirez an RBI single for the Marlins , who have won six of their past seven games . Florida 's Emilio Bonifacio had two hits and scored a run for the Marlins , who have won six of their past seven games . Florida 's Emilio Bonifacio had two hits , including an RBI single in the third for the Marlins , who have won three of four . Florida went ahead 4 - 0 in the second on a two - run single by Coghlan and a run - scoring single by Emilio Bonifacio . Coghlan 's single in the third made it 6 - 0 . Morton allowed six runs and 10 hits in five innings .
NEW YORK -- Wandy Rodriguez did n't have his best stuff . The right - hander allowed three hits over seven innings , and the Houston Astros beat the New York Mets 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) gave up three hits , struck out seven and walked three in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three hits and struck out seven in seven innings . He struck out seven , walked three and hit a batter . Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three hits and a run in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Jonathon Niese ( 0 - 3 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings for New York . He walked five and struck out three . Carlos Beltran hit a solo homer in the seventh for New York , which has lost four of five . Niese ( 0 - 3 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out three . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Michael Bourn singled , stole second and scored on Carlos Lee 's two - out single . The Mets made it 2 - 0 in the fourth when Bourn singled , stole second and scored on Carlos Lee 's double to make it 2 - 0 . The Mets added another run in the seventh when Bourn singled , stole second and scored on Lee 's single .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Adrian Beltre 's three - run homer capped a five - run fifth inning that gave the Texas Rangers a 7 - 1 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . The Rangers have won five of their last six games and have the best record in the American League . Moreland hit a three - run homer in the fifth inning off Ervin Santana ( 0 - 2 ) , who gave up six runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings . Wilson ( 2 - 0 ) allowed one run and nine hits over seven innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Ervin Santana ( 0 - 2 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Santana ( 0 - 2 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against the Rangers this season . Santana ( 0 - 2 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings . He struck out three and walked two . Santana ( 0 - 2 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings . He struck out three and walked two . Santana ( 0 - 2 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings . He struck out three and walked two . Santana ( 0 - 2 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings . He struck out three and walked two .
CINCINNATI -- The Pittsburgh Pirates finally got a win . Andrew McCutchen homered and drove in two runs , Garrett Jones hit a solo homer and the Pirates beat the Cincinnati Reds 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Garrett Jones also homered , and Jose Tabata also went deep for the Pirates , who have won four of five . Joel Hanrahan got the final five outs for his fifth save in five chances . Jay Bruce had four hits , including a solo homer , and Jay Bruce had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer off Jose Veras . Joel Hanrahan got the final five outs for his fifth save in five chances . Jay Bruce had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer , and Jay Bruce had a career - high four hits for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Jay Bruce went 4 - for - 5 with a homer and two doubles for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Chris Resop ( 1 - 0 ) got the last out of the eighth inning for the win . Joel Hanrahan got the final five outs for his fifth save in five chances . Bruce hit his first homer of the season , a solo shot in the first inning , and Miguel Cairo added a solo shot in the seventh . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . They 've scored only five runs in their last five games . The Reds have scored at least six runs in each of their last five games .
WASHINGTON -- Jayson Werth and the Washington Nationals did n't need much offense to beat the Milwaukee Brewers . Adam LaRoche drew a bases - loaded walk in the 10th inning to give the Nationals a 4 - 3 victory over the Brewers on Tuesday night . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Chad Gaudin ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the fifth for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Chad Gaudin ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the fifth for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Milwaukee starter Tom Gorzelanny allowed two runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out four . The Brewers took a 3 - 0 lead in the second . Michael Morse led off with a single , stole second and scored on Jerry Hairston Jr. 's sacrifice fly . Narveson allowed three runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . The Brewers took a 3 - 0 lead in the second . Michael Morse led off with a single , stole second and scored on Jerry Hairston Jr. 's sacrifice fly . Narveson gave up three runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . Narveson gave up three runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . Narveson gave up three runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Bruce Chen and the Kansas City Royals are on a roll . Chen pitched eight strong innings , Alex Gordon hit a two - run double and the Kansas City Royals beat the Seattle Mariners 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Chen ( 2 - 0 ) allowed six hits , walked one and struck out one . The right - hander was 0 - 3 in his previous five starts , including a 2 - 1 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on April 21 . Chen ( 2 - 0 ) allowed six hits , walked one and struck out one . The right - hander was 0 - 3 in his previous five starts , including a 2 - 1 victory over the Chicago White Sox on April 21 . The Mariners scored an unearned run in the eighth on a sacrifice fly by Adam Kennedy , a sacrifice fly by Adam Kennedy and a sacrifice fly by Adam Kennedy . Chen ( 2 - 0 ) allowed six hits and one unearned run in eight innings . He walked one and struck out one . Doug Fister ( 0 - 3 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in seven innings for the Mariners . He struck out five and walked one . The Mariners scored an unearned run in the eighth . Chone Figgins led off with a single , stole second and scored on Adam Kennedy 's sacrifice fly . The Mariners loaded the bases with one out in the eighth , but Chen got Miguel Olivo to ground into a double play to end the threat . Fister allowed five runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one .
LOS ANGELES -- The St. Louis Cardinals did n't need much help from the Los Angeles Dodgers . Albert Pujols and Albert Pujols hit back - to - back home runs in the fifth inning , Matt Holliday had three hits and three RBIs and the Cardinals beat the Dodgers 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Albert Pujols and Albert Pujols also homered for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Jaime Garcia ( 2 - 0 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked two . Matt Kemp had three hits and drove in two runs for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Jaime Garcia ( 2 - 0 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in five innings , struck out two and walked two . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.05 ERA in three starts against the Dodgers this season . Matt Kemp had three hits and drove in two runs for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Jaime Garcia ( 2 - 0 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked two . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when James Loney doubled and scored on Juan Uribe 's single . Kemp 's RBI double in the third cut the Dodgers ' lead to 3 - 2 , but the Cardinals responded with three runs in the bottom half . Pujols led off the fifth with his first homer of the season , a drive into the lower seats in the left - field corner . It was Pujols ' first homer of the season and first since July 31 , 2009 , against the Los Angeles Dodgers . Kuroda gave up 10 hits and six runs -- five earned -- in five innings .
NEW YORK -- Esmil Rogers did n't have his best stuff . The right - hander pitched effectively into the sixth inning and Troy Tulowitzki hit a three - run homer to lead the Colorado Rockies to a 5 - 4 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Rogers ( 2 - 0 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out two . Huston Street pitched a perfect ninth for his sixth save in six chances . Jonathon Niese ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings for the Mets . He struck out five and walked three . Niese ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . Niese ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . The Mets took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on Daniel Murphy 's RBI double and Angel Pagan 's sacrifice fly . Niese ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . The Mets took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on Daniel Murphy 's RBI double and Angel Pagan 's sacrifice fly . The Mets took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring double by Daniel Murphy and a wild pitch by Rogers that scored Jose Reyes , who led off the inning with a single . Niese gave up seven hits and five runs in six innings .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Kansas City Royals have n't had much success against the Minnesota Twins this season . Mike Aviles had three hits and three RBIs , Mike Aviles drove in three runs and the Royals beat the Twins 10 - 5 on Tuesday night . Mike Aviles drove in three runs and Alex Gordon had two hits and three RBIs , and Alex Gordon had two hits and three RBIs , and Alex Gordon had two hits and three RBIs . Kyle Davies ( 1 - 1 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in five innings for Kansas City . Jeremy Jeffress pitched the final two innings for his first save of the season . Francisco Liriano ( 0 - 3 ) gave up seven runs , eight hits and a walk in five innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Kyle Davies ( 1 - 1 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in five innings for Kansas City . Jeremy Jeffress pitched the final two innings for his first major league save . The Royals have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The Royals have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The Royals have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The Royals have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The Royals have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The Royals have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The Royals have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League .
PITTSBURGH -- Jhoulys Chacin has been the Colorado Rockies ' ace . Chacin pitched six effective innings , Jose Lopez hit a three - run homer and the Rockies beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Chacin ( 2 - 0 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out three . Huston Street pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save in four opportunities . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games and have lost five of six . Pittsburgh starter James McDonald gave up five runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings , walking three and striking out three . The Pirates took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on a three - run homer by Jose Lopez and a three - run shot by Lopez in the first . Chacin ( 2 - 0 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings , walking two and striking out three . He has n't allowed a run in his last three starts . The Pirates took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on a three - run homer by Lopez and a three - run shot by Jose Lopez . The Pirates took a 5 - 4 lead in the fourth on Andrew McCutchen 's RBI single and Lyle Overbay 's run - scoring groundout . McDonald gave up five runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Pirates took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on a three - run homer by Lopez and a three - run shot by Lopez . The Pirates tied it in the bottom half on Ronny Cedeno 's sacrifice fly .
MILWAUKEE -- Prince Fielder has been a big part of the Milwaukee Brewers ' offense . Braun hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the eighth inning and the Brewers rallied from a four - run deficit to beat the Chicago Cubs 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Fielder had three hits , including a two - run homer off Kerry Wood ( 0 - 1 ) in the eighth inning , and Casey McGehee hit a two - run homer off Wood ( 0 - 1 ) to give the Brewers a 6 - 5 lead . Kameron Loe ( 1 - 0 ) got the win with 1 2/3 innings of scoreless relief . John Axford pitched the ninth for his third save in as many chances . Aramis Ramirez had three hits and three RBIs for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Kameron Loe ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . John Axford pitched the ninth for his third save in as many chances . Aramis Ramirez had three hits and three RBIs for Chicago , including a two - run double in the first . Aramis Ramirez had three hits , including a two - run double in the first inning , and Darwin Barney had two hits and drove in a run for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Kameron Loe ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . John Axford pitched the ninth for his third save in as many chances . Aramis Ramirez had three hits and three RBIs for Chicago , including a two - run double in the first . Darwin Barney had two hits and drove in a run for the Cubs .
SEATTLE -- Cleveland Indians manager Manny Acta is n't worried about his team 's recent struggles . Asdrubal Cabrera homered and drove in two runs , Josh Tomlin pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Indians beat the Seattle Mariners 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Cabrera hit a solo homer in the first inning off Erik Bedard ( 0 - 2 ) , who allowed six runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings . He struck out six and walked one . Bedard ( 0 - 2 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings . He struck out six and walked one . Bedard ( 0 - 2 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in four innings . He struck out six and walked one . Ryan Langerhans hit a two - run homer off Chad Durbin in the seventh to make it 6 - 3 . Chris Perez pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save in five chances . Bedard ( 0 - 2 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings . He struck out six and walked one . It was the first time he had allowed more than three earned runs in any of his first 10 starts this season . Michael Brantley hit a solo home run in the seventh for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Seattle starter Erik Bedard ( 0 - 2 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in four innings . He struck out six and walked one . It was the first time in Bedard 's career that he failed to pitch at least six innings . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games .
BOSTON -- The New York Yankees finally found a way to beat the Boston Red Sox . Russell Martin hit a pair of three - run homers , Robinson Cano and Robinson Cano also went deep , and the Yankees beat the Red Sox 9 - 4 on Tuesday night . Martin hit a three - run homer off Clay Buchholz in the fourth inning and added a solo shot in the sixth . He also hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning of Game 1 of the AL Championship Series against the New York Yankees . David Robertson ( 1 - 0 ) got the win with 1 2/3 innings of hitless relief , striking out Kevin Youkilis with the bases loaded to end the eighth . Joba Chamberlain pitched a scoreless eighth , and David Robertson ( 1 - 0 ) got the win with 1 2/3 innings of hitless relief . Clay Buchholz ( 0 - 2 ) allowed five runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Nick Swisher 's RBI groundout and Nick Swisher 's run - scoring double . Nick Swisher 's RBI double made it 2 - 0 in the second . The Yankees cut it to 2 - 1 in the bottom of the inning on an RBI groundout by Jacoby Ellsbury and a run - scoring groundout by Jacoby Ellsbury . The Red Sox cut it to 2 - 1 in the bottom of the inning on an RBI groundout by Jacoby Ellsbury and a run - scoring groundout by Jacoby Ellsbury . The Red Sox cut it to 2 - 1 in the third on an RBI groundout by Jacoby Ellsbury and a run - scoring groundout by Jacoby Ellsbury .
SAN DIEGO -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have n't had much success against the San Diego Padres this season . Matt Kemp hit a go - ahead single with two outs in the 11th inning , and Los Angeles beat the Padres 4 - 2 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Blake Hawksworth ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win and Jonathan Broxton got three outs for his fourth save in five chances . The Dodgers have won four of five . Blake Hawksworth ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win and Jonathan Broxton got three outs for his fourth save in five chances . The Dodgers have won four of five . Blake Hawksworth ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Jonathan Broxton pitched the 11th for his fourth save in five chances . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . San Diego 's Ted Lilly went 4 1/3 innings , allowing two runs and seven hits . He struck out three and walked two . The Dodgers took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on Orlando Hudson 's RBI single and a run - scoring groundout by Ryan Ludwick . The Dodgers tied it in the sixth . Blake Hawksworth ( 1 - 0 ) hit pinch - hitter Aaron Miles with a pitch to load the bases , and pinch - hitter Jamey Carroll drew a one - out walk . After James Loney struck out , pinch hitter Aaron Miles walked to load the bases . After James Loney struck out , pinch hitter Aaron Miles walked to load the bases . Luebke struck out James Loney to end the inning . San Diego 's Ted Lilly allowed two runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings , struck out three and walked two .
MIAMI -- Adam LaRoche and the Washington Nationals are going to have a lot of fun . LaRoche hit a two - run homer in the 11th inning , and the Nationals beat the Florida Marlins 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Todd Coffey ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning to earn the win . Sean Burnett pitched the 11th for his second save in as many chances . Florida 's Josh Johnson allowed three runs -- one earned -- and four hits in six innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Florida 's Josh Johnson allowed three runs -- one earned -- and four hits in six innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter . Florida 's Josh Johnson allowed three runs -- one earned -- and four hits in six innings . He struck out six , walked none and lowered his ERA to 2.13 . Florida 's Josh Johnson allowed three runs -- one earned -- and four hits in six innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter . Florida 's Josh Johnson allowed three runs -- one earned -- and four hits in six innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter . Florida 's Josh Johnson allowed three runs -- one earned -- and four hits in six innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter . Florida 's Josh Johnson allowed three runs -- one earned -- and four hits in six innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter .
NEW YORK -- Mark Teixeira and the New York Yankees did n't need much help from the Minnesota Twins . Mark Teixeira was hit by a pitch in the fourth inning and scored the go - ahead run on Russell Martin 's groundout , leading the Yankees to a 4 - 3 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . The Yankees have won three straight and five of six . The Yankees have won three straight and five of six . The Yankees have won three straight and five of six . The Yankees have won three straight and five of six . Burnett ( 2 - 0 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He struck out five and walked two . Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth for his fourth save in four chances . Francisco Liriano ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked three . Liriano ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out five , walked three and hit a batter . Liriano ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked three . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Nick Swisher . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Nick Swisher 's sacrifice fly . The Twins tied it in the fourth on Jason Kubel 's RBI double and Denard Span 's run - scoring double . Thome 's RBI double in the fourth gave the Twins a 2 - 1 lead .
PITTSBURGH -- Esmil Rogers did n't allow a hit until pinch - hitter Steve Pearce 's two - out single in the eighth inning , and the Colorado Rockies beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Rogers ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . Rogers ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out seven , walked one and hit a batter . Felipe Paulino , Matt Belisle , Matt Belisle and Matt Belisle finished the four - hitter . Paul Maholm ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings for Pittsburgh . Maholm ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked none and struck out one . Maholm ( 0 - 1 ) was charged with five runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked none and struck out one . The Pirates have lost four of five . Maholm ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked none and struck out one . Maholm ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked none and struck out one . Maholm ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked none and struck out one .
MIAMI -- The Florida Marlins ' offense has been a problem for most of the season . John Buck had three hits and three RBIs , John Buck drove in three runs and the Marlins beat the Washington Nationals 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Chris Coghlan had four hits and scored three runs for the Marlins , who took two of three from the Nationals . Ian Desmond had four hits and drove in two runs for the Nationals . Ian Desmond had four hits and drove in two runs . Ian Desmond had four hits and drove in two runs for the Nationals . Ian Desmond went 4 - for - 5 with two RBIs for the Nationals . Ian Desmond went 4 - for - 5 with two RBIs for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Ian Desmond went 4 - for - 5 with two RBIs for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Washington starter Chris Volstad allowed four runs -- one earned -- and four hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out one . Florida 's Livan Hernandez gave up four runs , four earned , and six hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out one . Hernandez allowed six hits and four runs in five innings . He walked five and struck out one . Hernandez allowed six hits and four runs in five innings . He walked five , hit a batter and struck out one . Hernandez allowed four runs , four earned , and six hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out one . Hernandez allowed six hits and four runs in five - plus innings .
MIAMI -- The New York Mets ' R. A. Dickey pitched six innings of five - hit ball , and Willie Harris hit a two - run homer , leading the Mets to a 9 - 2 victory over the Florida Marlins on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 1 - 0 ) allowed an unearned run and five hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Dickey ( 1 - 0 ) allowed an unearned run and five hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Dickey ( 1 - 0 ) allowed an unearned run and five hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Taylor Buchholz , Taylor Buchholz and Taylor Buchholz each pitched a scoreless inning before Taylor Buchholz and Taylor Buchholz each pitched a scoreless inning . Taylor Buchholz and Taylor Buchholz each pitched a scoreless inning of relief for the Mets , who have won three of their past four games . Florida 's Emilio Bonifacio went 1 - for - 5 with a double and a stolen base in his major league debut . He went 0 - for - 5 to drop his average to .500 . Florida went ahead 3 - 0 in the first on a two - run homer by Harris and a run - scoring double by Angel Pagan . The Marlins added three more runs in the third . Angel Pagan drew a bases - loaded walk , and Murphy 's RBI double made it 5 - 0 . Murphy 's RBI double made it 5 - 0 and chased Vazquez , who was charged with seven runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 2 1/3 innings .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Jeremy Guthrie made the most of it . Guthrie allowed three hits over eight scoreless innings , Nick Markakis drove in two runs and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Guthrie ( 1 - 0 ) struck out six and walked one in his first start of the season . The right - hander had been 0 - 3 with a 13.50 ERA in four previous starts against the Rays this season . Price ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Price ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Ben Zobrist hit his first major league homer for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Price ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Tampa Bay starter David Price ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Orioles have lost four of five . Tampa Bay starter David Price ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Orioles have lost four of five . Tampa Bay starter David Price ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Rays have lost six of their last seven games , including three in a row .
LOS ANGELES -- Chad Billingsley did n't have his best stuff against the San Francisco Giants . The right - hander pitched six innings of five - hit ball in his first Opening Day start , leading the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 4 - 3 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night . Billingsley ( 1 - 0 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings , struck out four and walked one . Jonathan Broxton pitched a perfect ninth for his second save . Brandon Belt hit a three - run homer and Brandon Belt added a three - run shot for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Brandon Belt hit a three - run homer for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Jonathan Broxton pitched a perfect ninth for his second save . Brandon Belt hit a three - run homer in the fourth for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Sanchez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked three . The Giants took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on Brandon Belt 's three - run homer , his first of the season , a three - run shot that put the Giants ahead 3 - 1 . The Giants tied it at 3 in the sixth on a sacrifice fly by James Loney and a sacrifice fly by James Loney . Belt hit a three - run homer in the fourth to give the Giants a 3 - 1 lead . Belt hit a three - run homer in the fourth .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Nelson Cruz and the Texas Rangers had a big night at the plate . Beltre homered and drove in two runs , Matt Harrison pitched six scoreless innings and the Rangers beat the Kansas City Royals 10 - 1 on Tuesday night . Cruz had three hits , including a two - run homer in the sixth that made it 10 - 0 . It was the first time the Rangers have been shut out in a game this season . O'Sullivan ( 2 - 4 ) gave up 10 runs and 15 hits in 5 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against the Rangers this season . O'Sullivan ( 2 - 4 ) gave up 10 runs and 15 hits in 5 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against the Rangers this season . O'Sullivan ( 2 - 4 ) gave up 10 runs and 15 hits in 5 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against the Rangers this season . O'Sullivan ( 2 - 4 ) gave up 10 runs and 15 hits in 5 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against the Rangers this season . O'Sullivan ( 2 - 4 ) gave up 10 runs and 15 hits in 5 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against the Rangers this season . O'Sullivan ( 2 - 4 ) gave up 10 runs and 15 hits in 5 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander was coming off his first career shutout , when he allowed a season - high 10 hits and a season - high 10 earned runs in a loss to the Chicago White Sox . O'Sullivan , who had a 6.75 ERA in his previous five starts , was tagged for a career - high 15 runs and 15 hits in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against the Rangers this season .
MILWAUKEE -- Brandon Crawford 's first career grand slam put the San Francisco Giants ahead to stay . Crawford hit a grand slam and drove in four runs to lead the Giants to a 5 - 4 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Crawford hit a two - run homer in the third inning off Shaun Marcum ( 6 - 2 ) , who gave up five runs and six hits in six - plus innings . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third and Jonathan Lucroy had an RBI single in the eighth for the Brewers . Brian Wilson pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 16 chances . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third and Jonathan Lucroy had an RBI single in the eighth . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third for Milwaukee , which has lost four of five . The Brewers got a run back in the bottom of the inning when Nyjer Morgan singled , stole second and scored on Jonathan Lucroy 's fielder 's choice . Milwaukee added a run in the eighth on Jonathan Lucroy 's two - out RBI single off Ramon Ramirez . The Brewers had runners on first and third with one out in the eighth , but Javier Lopez got Prince Fielder to ground out to end the threat . The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Javier Lopez got Prince Fielder to ground out to end the threat . The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Javier Lopez got Prince Fielder to ground out to end the threat .
PHILADELPHIA -- Jay Bruce had a big night at the plate . Phillips hit a three - run double in the ninth inning and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Philadelphia Phillies 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Phillips had a three - run double in the ninth off Ryan Madson ( 2 - 1 ) to tie the game at 3 . The Reds took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Domonic Brown 's sacrifice fly and Domonic Brown 's sacrifice fly . Domonic Brown hit a sacrifice fly in the second to give the Phillies a 2 - 1 lead . Raul Ibanez had three hits and scored twice for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Raul Ibanez had three hits and scored twice for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Raul Ibanez had three hits and scored twice for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Philadelphia starter Vance Worley gave up three runs and six hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Scott Rolen . The Reds took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Domonic Brown and a sacrifice fly by Domonic Brown . Cueto gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out one . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Scott Rolen . The Reds took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Ibanez 's RBI double and Brown 's sacrifice fly .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Nick Blackburn did n't need much run support for the Minnesota Twins . Blackburn pitched a seven - hitter for his first career complete game , Denard Span had three hits and the Twins beat the Seattle Mariners 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Blackburn ( 4 - 4 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in his first career complete game . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Blackburn ( 4 - 4 ) gave up seven hits and struck out six without a walk in his first career complete game . He struck out six without a walk . Blackburn ( 4 - 4 ) gave up seven hits and struck out six without a walk in his first career complete game . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Twins have lost four of five . Doug Fister ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Mariners . He struck out six and walked none . Miguel Olivo hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Doug Fister ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Mariners . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Mariners have lost seven of their last nine games . The Mariners have lost seven of their last nine games . The Mariners have lost seven of their last nine games . The Mariners have lost six of their last seven .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The St. Louis Cardinals have been waiting for Matt Holliday to find a way to beat the Kansas City Royals . Holliday hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and Jake Westbrook pitched eight scoreless innings to lead the Cardinals to a 3 - 0 victory over the Royals on Tuesday night . Holliday hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning , and the Cardinals won for the sixth time in seven games . The Royals have lost four of five . Westbrook ( 4 - 3 ) allowed four hits , walked three and struck out three . Fernando Salas pitched the ninth for his sixth save in six chances . Tim Collins ( 2 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up a one - out single to Jon Jay and a one - out walk to Yadier Molina in the ninth . Blake Wood came on to face Holliday , who hit a 2 - 1 pitch into the left - field seats for his sixth home run of the season . It was Holliday 's third homer of the season and first since July 8 . Fernando Salas pitched the ninth for his sixth save in six opportunities . Tim Collins ( 2 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up a one - out single to Jon Jay and walking Holliday with one out in the eighth . Wood pitched five scoreless innings , allowing three hits and one walk while striking out four . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost four of five . The Royals have lost four of five . The Royals have lost four of five .
NEW YORK -- R. A. Dickey and the New York Mets are starting to look like a team . Dickey pitched six solid innings and Daniel Murphy homered to lead the Mets to a 2 - 1 victory over the New York Yankees on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 2 - 5 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings , striking out six and walking three . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in four starts against the Yankees this season . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . Freddy Garcia ( 2 - 4 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Garcia ( 2 - 4 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out two and walked two . New York has lost four of five . Freddy Garcia ( 2 - 4 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Garcia ( 2 - 4 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out two . Garcia ( 2 - 4 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out two . Garcia ( 2 - 4 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out two . Garcia ( 2 - 4 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out two . Garcia ( 2 - 4 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox did n't need much offense to beat the Detroit Tigers . J. D. Drew hit a go - ahead homer in the seventh inning , David Ortiz also went deep and the Red Sox beat the Detroit Tigers 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . David Ortiz homered and Carl Crawford had an RBI single for the Red Sox , who won for just the second time in nine games . Jonathan Papelbon ( 2 - 0 ) worked around a leadoff double in the ninth to Brennan Boesch , who homered off Daniel Bard in the eighth to tie it 3 - all . Jonathan Papelbon ( 2 - 0 ) earned the win with a scoreless ninth . Miguel Cabrera hit a solo homer in the eighth for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Jonathan Papelbon ( 2 - 0 ) earned the win with a scoreless ninth . Miguel Cabrera hit a solo homer in the eighth for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Detroit starter Josh Beckett allowed one run and five hits in six innings , striking out three and walking two . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Andy Dirks ' RBI single . The Red Sox tied it in the second on Carl Crawford 's sacrifice fly . The Red Sox tied it in the second on Carl Crawford 's sacrifice fly . They tied it in the second on Carl Crawford 's sacrifice fly . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom of the second on Carl Crawford 's sacrifice fly . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom of the second on a sacrifice fly by Drew .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox did n't need much offense to beat the Detroit Tigers . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit a run - scoring double in the eighth inning and the Red Sox beat the Tigers 1 - 0 on Tuesday night , snapping a four - game losing streak . Clay Buchholz pitched seven innings of four - hit ball for the Red Sox , striking out seven and walking one . Boston 's Phil Coke pitched seven scoreless innings , allowing three hits , striking out four and walking one . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the eighth on Jarrod Saltalamacchia 's RBI double off Daniel Schlereth ( 0 - 1 ) . Daniel Bard ( 1 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his eighth save in eight chances . Phil Coke pitched seven innings of three - hit ball for the Tigers , striking out four and walking one . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the eighth on Jarrod Saltalamacchia 's two - out RBI double off Daniel Schlereth ( 0 - 1 ) . Daniel Bard ( 1 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his eighth save in eight chances . Detroit starter Phil Coke pitched seven innings , allowing three hits , striking out four and walking one . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the eighth on Jarrod Saltalamacchia 's two - out RBI double off Daniel Schlereth ( 0 - 1 ) , who was making his major league debut . Detroit 's Phil Coke allowed three hits in seven innings , striking out four and walking one .
ATLANTA -- Brian McCann 's first game - winning homer of the season came on a 1 - 2 pitch from Jeff Fulchino with one out in the 11th inning to lift the Atlanta Braves to a 3 - 1 victory over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . McCann 's second homer of the season came off Jeff Fulchino ( 0 - 2 ) , who blew a save for the second time in five chances . The Braves had won three of four . Cory Gearrin ( 1 - 1 ) earned the win with a scoreless 11th inning . Braves starter Wandy Rodriguez gave up five hits , two walks and struck out six in eight innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in his last four starts . The Astros have lost five of six . Cory Gearrin ( 1 - 1 ) earned the win with a scoreless 11th inning . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh when Brett Wallace hit a 3 - 1 pitch from Lowe into the left - field seats . Lowe gave up five hits and one run in seven innings . He did n't walk a batter and struck out four . Lowe gave up five hits , struck out four and did n't walk a batter in seven innings . The right - hander has gone at least seven innings in each of his five starts this season . Lowe gave up five hits , struck out four and did n't walk a batter in seven innings . The right - hander has gone at least seven innings in each of his five starts this season . Lowe gave up five hits , struck out four and did n't walk a batter in seven innings .
CHICAGO -- Colby Lewis pitched a five - hitter for his first career complete game , and the Texas Rangers beat the Chicago White Sox 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Lewis ( 4 - 4 ) struck out seven and walked one in his third career complete game . He struck out seven and walked one in his second complete game of the season . It was the first complete game of the season for Lewis , who struck out seven and walked one . Lewis ( 4 - 4 ) struck out seven and walked one in his second complete game of the season . He struck out seven and walked one . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . Edwin Jackson ( 3 - 5 ) gave up four runs and 11 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Jackson ( 3 - 5 ) allowed four runs and a season - high 11 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Jackson ( 3 - 5 ) gave up four runs and 11 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Jackson ( 3 - 5 ) allowed four runs and a season - high 11 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Jackson ( 3 - 5 ) gave up four runs and 11 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Jackson ( 3 - 5 ) gave up four runs and 11 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Jackson ( 3 - 5 ) allowed four runs and 11 hits in 5 1/3 innings .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Toronto Blue Jays have been waiting for Jose Bautista to hit three homers in a game for the first time this season . Bautista hit three home runs and drove in four runs , and the Blue Jays beat the Minnesota Twins 11 - 3 on Tuesday night . Bautista hit a two - run double in the first inning and a two - run single in the third . He also hit a two - run homer in the sixth and added a two - run shot in the sixth off Kevin Slowey , who allowed seven runs and eight hits in three - plus innings . Duensing ( 2 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in three - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against the Blue Jays this season . Duensing ( 2 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in three - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against the Blue Jays this season . Bautista hit a two - run double in the first and a two - run single in the third . He added a two - run homer in the sixth off Kevin Slowey , who allowed seven runs and eight hits in three - plus innings . Duensing ( 2 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in three - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against the Blue Jays this season .
HOUSTON -- Houston 's J. A. Happ was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Happ pitched six solid innings , Bill Hall hit a solo homer and the Houston Astros beat the New York Mets 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Happ ( 3 - 4 ) allowed two runs and five hits with four strikeouts in six innings . Happ ( 3 - 4 ) allowed five hits and two runs with four strikeouts in six innings . Happ ( 3 - 4 ) allowed five hits and two runs with four strikeouts in six innings . Happ ( 3 - 4 ) allowed five hits and two runs with four strikeouts in six innings . Happ ( 3 - 4 ) allowed five hits and two runs with four strikeouts in six innings . Happ ( 3 - 4 ) allowed five hits and two runs with four strikeouts in six innings . Happ ( 3 - 4 ) allowed five hits and two runs in six innings . He struck out four and walked three . Happ ( 3 - 4 ) allowed five hits and two runs in six innings . He struck out four and walked three . Happ ( 3 - 4 ) allowed five hits and two runs in six innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Astros jumped on Dickey for four runs in the first inning . Michael Bourn led off with a double and scored on a groundout by Chris Johnson . Chris Johnson followed with an RBI single to make it 4 - 0 . The Mets cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the third when Jose Reyes doubled to start the inning and scored on a single by Justin Turner .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Jeremy Hellickson did n't have his best stuff . Hellickson pitched a four - hitter for his first career shutout , Matt Joyce hit a two - run homer and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Hellickson ( 4 - 2 ) gave up four hits , walked one and struck out three in his third career complete game . The right - hander has a 2.98 ERA and has a 2.98 ERA during that stretch . Matt Joyce hit a two - run homer off Jeremy Guthrie ( 1 - 6 ) and drove in two runs for the Rays , who have won three of four . Jeremy Guthrie ( 1 - 6 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in eight innings for the Orioles , who have lost three of four . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Guthrie ( 1 - 6 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in a season - high eight innings . The right - hander struck out five and walked two . The Orioles have lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Guthrie ( 1 - 6 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in eight innings . The right - hander struck out five and walked two . The Orioles have lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Guthrie ( 1 - 6 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in a season - high eight innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Orioles took a 2 - 0 lead on Joyce 's two - run homer in the second . It was the first home run allowed by Guthrie this season .
BALTIMORE -- Zach Britton threw a season - high nine innings of three - hit ball , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Seattle Mariners 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Britton ( 2 - 1 ) allowed a run and two hits in two innings , striking out two and walking none . The right - hander has not allowed a run in his last three starts . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Jim Johnson ( 2 - 1 ) gave up a run in two innings for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Jim Johnson ( 2 - 1 ) allowed an unearned run in two innings for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Jim Johnson ( 2 - 1 ) got the win despite allowing an unearned run in two innings . Orioles starter Jason Vargas allowed seven hits in nine innings , struck out four and walked one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.42 ERA lifetime against the Orioles . Seattle starter Jason Vargas allowed seven hits in nine innings , struck out four and walked one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.42 ERA in four starts against the Orioles this season . Seattle got a runner to third base in the first inning but failed to score . The Mariners loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh before Hardy lined into a double play to end the threat . Seattle starter Jason Vargas allowed seven hits and struck out four in nine innings . The right - hander allowed seven hits , struck out four and walked one in his first career start against the Orioles .
PITTSBURGH -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have n't had much success against the Pittsburgh Pirates this season . Matt Kemp hit a three - run homer and Aaron Miles had three hits and drove in two runs , leading the Dodgers to a 10 - 3 victory over the Pirates on Tuesday night . Aaron Miles had three hits and drove in two runs , and Aaron Miles had three hits and drove in two runs as the Dodgers won for the fifth time in six games . Lilly ( 3 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six - plus innings , striking out four and walking one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in four starts against the Pirates this season . Andrew McCutchen homered twice for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Kevin Correia ( 5 - 3 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in 6 1/3 innings , walking none and striking out two . He has a 3.25 ERA in his past three starts . The Dodgers scored four runs in the sixth to take a 4 - 0 lead . Kemp hit a two - out , three - run homer off Kevin Correia ( 5 - 3 ) to make it 4 - 0 . The Dodgers added a run in the seventh on a bases - loaded walk to Jerry Sands . The Dodgers added a run in the eighth on a bases - loaded walk to Jerry Sands . The Dodgers added a run in the eighth on a bases - loaded walk to Jerry Sands . The Dodgers added a run in the eighth on a bases - loaded walk to Jerry Sands , who had three hits .
TORONTO -- Justin Verlander did n't need much run support for the Detroit Tigers . Verlander threw a no - hitter for his second no - hitter of the season , Alex Avila hit a two - run homer and the Tigers beat the Toronto Blue Jays 9 - 0 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 3 - 3 ) struck out four and walked one , throwing 74 of his 108 pitches for strikes . He threw 108 pitches , 74 for strikes . Verlander ( 3 - 3 ) struck out four and walked one . He threw 108 pitches , 74 for strikes . Verlander ( 3 - 3 ) struck out four and walked one . He threw 74 of 108 pitches for strikes . Verlander ( 3 - 3 ) struck out four and walked one , throwing 74 of his 108 pitches for strikes . He threw 74 of 108 pitches for strikes . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a bases - loaded walk to Scott Sizemore and Victor Martinez 's run - scoring groundout . Victor Martinez hit a run - scoring groundout in the third and Avila hit a two - run homer off Romero in the fourth . The Tigers added three more in the ninth against reliever Casey Janssen . Avila hit a two - run homer , Victor Martinez had a run - scoring single and Magglio Ordonez drove in a run with a fielder 's choice . Romero ( 2 - 4 ) gave up six runs and five hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Romero ( 2 - 4 ) allowed six runs and five hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two .
CHICAGO -- Kosuke Fukudome has been a big part of the Chicago Cubs ' late - season surge . Pena hit a game - ending RBI single with two outs in the ninth inning , lifting the Cubs to a 3 - 2 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Carlos Pena hit a tying homer in the ninth off Francisco Cordero ( 2 - 1 ) , and Kosuke Fukudome had three hits and drove in a run for the Cubs . Marcos Mateo ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Carlos Pena homered for the Cubs , who have won four of five . Marcos Mateo ( 1 - 1 ) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief . Cubs starter Casey Coleman allowed two runs and four hits in six - plus innings . He struck out six and walked three . Marcos Mateo ( 1 - 1 ) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief . Cubs starter Casey Coleman gave up two runs and four hits in six - plus innings . He struck out six and walked three . The Reds took a 2 - 1 lead in the seventh on a run - scoring fielder 's choice by pinch - hitter Fred Lewis and a run - scoring single by Drew Stubbs . Marcos Mateo ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Arroyo allowed one run and seven hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Reds took a 2 - 1 lead in the seventh on an RBI groundout by pinch - hitter Fred Lewis and an RBI single by Drew Stubbs .
BALTIMORE -- James Shields and the Tampa Bay Rays did n't need much offense to beat the Baltimore Orioles . Shields pitched 7 1/3 innings of three - hit ball , Johnny Damon hit a two - run homer and the Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Shields ( 3 - 1 ) allowed one run and three hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 0.82 ERA in three starts against the Orioles this season . Shields ( 3 - 1 ) allowed one run and three hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . Brandon Guyer hit a two - run homer off Zach Britton ( 5 - 2 ) in the second inning and Brandon Guyer added a two - run shot in the ninth for the Rays , who have won three straight and five of six . Tampa Bay has won three straight and six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven .
DETROIT -- The Detroit Tigers have n't been able to find a way to beat the New York Yankees . Brennan Boesch hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly in the seventh inning , Rick Porcello pitched seven solid innings and the Tigers beat the Yankees 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Porcello ( 2 - 2 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in seven - plus innings . He struck out three and walked two . Porcello ( 2 - 2 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked two . Porcello ( 2 - 2 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked two . Jose Valverde gave up an RBI single to Brett Gardner in the ninth before striking out Nick Swisher to end it . Burnett ( 4 - 2 ) gave up five runs -- two earned -- and three hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Brandon Inge . The Yankees tied it in the sixth . Ramon Santiago led off with a double and scored on Brandon Inge 's sacrifice fly . Boesch hit a sacrifice fly in the seventh , and Boesch 's sacrifice fly made it 3 - 2 . Boesch hit a sacrifice fly in the seventh , and Boesch hit a sacrifice fly in the seventh to make it 6 - 2 . Jose Valverde gave up an RBI single to Brett Gardner in the ninth , but struck out Nick Swisher to end it . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Brandon Inge 's sacrifice fly .
ATLANTA -- Tim Hudson 's no - hit bid ended with a no - hitter . Hudson pitched a no - hitter for his first career shutout , and Freddie Freeman drove in two runs to lead the Atlanta Braves to an 8 - 0 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Wednesday night . Hudson ( 4 - 2 ) struck out six and walked one , throwing 74 of his 102 pitches for strikes . He threw 74 of 102 pitches for strikes . Hudson ( 4 - 2 ) threw 102 pitches , 74 for strikes . He threw 102 pitches , 74 for strikes . He threw 74 of his 102 pitches for strikes . Hudson ( 4 - 2 ) threw 102 pitches , 74 for strikes . He threw 102 pitches , 74 for strikes . He threw 74 of 102 pitches for strikes . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Dan Uggla and a run - scoring single by Dan Uggla . The Braves added two runs in the fourth . Alex Gonzalez led off with a single and scored on Eric Hinske 's double . McLouth then hit a drive to left - center for a 5 - 0 lead . McLouth added a run - scoring double in the fourth , and Martin Prado drove in a run with a single in the fifth . McLouth added a two - run single in the eighth off John Axford . The Braves have lost three straight and five of six . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost three straight and five of six . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee 's Ryan Braun went 0 - for - 3 with two strikeouts .
PHILADELPHIA -- The New York Mets finally found a way to beat the Philadelphia Phillies . Ronny Paulino hit a go - ahead double in the 14th inning and the Mets outlasted the Philadelphia Phillies 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . David Wright had three hits and scored two runs for the Mets , who have won four of five . Taylor Buchholz ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings to earn the win . Kyle Kendrick ( 1 - 2 ) gave up one run and four hits in three innings for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Philadelphia has lost four straight and six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of their last seven games . The Phillies have lost six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the majors . They have n't scored more than three runs in any of their last six games . They have n't scored more than three runs in any of their last six games . Philadelphia has scored only seven runs in its last five games . The Phillies have scored only seven runs in their last five games .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels had n't won a game in a month . Vernon Wells hit a tiebreaking two - run homer in the sixth inning , and the Angels beat the Washington Nationals 11 - 5 on Tuesday night . Vernon Wells had a career - high four hits , including a go - ahead homer in the sixth inning , and Hank Conger added a two - run shot for the Angels , who have won four of five . Hisanori Takahashi ( 2 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up a run in the sixth . Laynce Nix homered and had four hits for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Hisanori Takahashi ( 2 - 1 ) allowed an unearned run in one - third of an inning for the Angels , who took two of three from the NL West leaders . Laynce Nix had four hits for the Nationals , including a solo homer in the sixth that cut the Angels ' lead to 3 - 2 . Laynce Nix hit a solo homer in the sixth inning for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Ryan Zimmerman 's RBI single . The Nationals took a 3 - 1 lead in the fifth on an RBI double by Alberto Callaspo and a run - scoring single by Trumbo , who had a two - run double that made it 3 - 1 . The Nationals tied it in the bottom half on Callaspo 's RBI double . The Angels took a 3 - 1 lead in the fifth on an RBI double by Wells and a run - scoring single by Trumbo .
TORONTO -- Pittsburgh Pirates manager Clint Hurdle was n't happy with his team 's latest win . Alex Presley hit a two - run homer , Andrew McCutchen also went deep and the Pirates held on to beat the Toronto Blue Jays 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Andrew McCutchen and Andrew McCutchen also homered for the Pirates , who have won four of five . Kevin Correia ( 10 - 6 ) allowed four runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He walked one and struck out three . Correia ( 10 - 6 ) allowed four runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He walked one and struck out three . Correia ( 10 - 6 ) allowed four runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He walked one and struck out three . Correia ( 10 - 6 ) allowed four runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He walked one and struck out three . Joel Hanrahan worked the ninth for his 23rd save in 25 chances . Jose Bautista hit a two - run homer and Corey Patterson had a solo shot for the Blue Jays , who lost for the third time in four games . Kevin Correia ( 10 - 6 ) allowed four runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He walked one and struck out three . Jose Bautista hit a two - run homer and Corey Patterson had a solo shot for the Blue Jays , who have lost five of six . Reyes gave up six runs and nine hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out five . Reyes gave up six runs and nine hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out five .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Brandon Phillips had four hits and drove in two runs , Mike Leake pitched six scoreless innings and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Tampa Bay Rays 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Phillips had four hits and scored twice , and Jonny Gomes hit a solo homer off Jeremy Hellickson ( 7 - 7 ) , who gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in six - plus innings . Hellickson ( 7 - 7 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Hellickson ( 7 - 7 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Hellickson ( 7 - 7 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits over six innings . He struck out nine and walked one . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven .
ST. LOUIS -- Ricky Romero did n't need much run support for the Toronto Blue Jays . Romero pitched a four - hitter for his first career shutout , J. P. Arencibia homered and the Blue Jays beat the St. Louis Cardinals 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Romero ( 7 - 7 ) allowed four hits , struck out five and walked two in his first career complete game . He also had an RBI single in the sixth . Romero ( 7 - 7 ) allowed four hits , struck out five and walked two in his third career complete game . He also had an RBI single in the sixth . Romero ( 7 - 7 ) gave up four hits , walked two and struck out five . He threw 106 pitches , 67 for strikes . He threw 106 pitches , 67 for strikes . Kyle McClellan ( 6 - 4 ) gave up five runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . McClellan ( 6 - 4 ) gave up five runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . McClellan ( 6 - 4 ) gave up five runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . McClellan ( 6 - 4 ) gave up five runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . McClellan ( 6 - 4 ) gave up five runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals have n't had much success against the Chicago Cubs this season . Chris Getz hit a go - ahead single in the eighth inning , and the Royals beat the Chicago Cubs 3 - 2 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Aramis Ramirez and Geovany Soto homered for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Greg Holland ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win and Joakim Soria struck out the side in the ninth for his 12th save in 13 opportunities . Jeff Samardzija ( 5 - 4 ) took the loss , allowing one run and one hit in one - third of an inning . Greg Holland ( 2 - 1 ) worked a spotless eighth for the win . Joakim Soria struck out the side in the ninth for his 12th save in 13 opportunities . Aramis Ramirez homered and Reed Johnson had two hits for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Greg Holland ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a spotless eighth for the win . Joakim Soria struck out the side in the ninth for his 12th save in 13 opportunities . The Royals ' Danny Duffy allowed two runs and nine hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out two . The Cubs ' Danny Duffy allowed two runs and nine hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out two . Duffy gave up two runs and nine hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out two . Duffy allowed two runs and nine hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out two .
HOUSTON -- James Shields did n't have his best stuff , and the Tampa Bay Rays did n't need much help . Shields pitched a three - hitter and Evan Longoria hit a two - run homer , leading the Rays to a 5 - 1 victory over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . Shields ( 8 - 4 ) struck out nine and walked one in his second complete game of the season . He struck out nine and walked one in his second complete game of the season . Shields ( 8 - 4 ) struck out nine and walked one in his second complete game of the season . He struck out nine and walked one in his second complete game of the season . The right - hander struck out nine and walked one in his second complete game of the season . The Rays have won six of their last eight games and are a major league - best 16 - 4 since the All-Star break . Wandy Rodriguez ( 5 - 4 ) allowed six hits and five runs in six innings for the Astros , who have lost three of four . Houston starter Wandy Rodriguez ( 5 - 4 ) allowed six hits and five runs in six innings . He struck out five and walked two in his first career complete game . Rodriguez ( 5 - 4 ) allowed six hits and five runs in six innings . He struck out five and walked two in his first career complete game . Rodriguez ( 5 - 4 ) allowed six hits and five runs in six innings . He struck out five and walked two in his first career start against Tampa Bay . He was replaced by Aneury Rodriguez , who allowed one hit in two scoreless innings .
PHILADELPHIA -- Jimmy Rollins got a standing ovation when he came to the plate with two outs in the ninth inning , and the Philadelphia Phillies needed a win . Pinch-hitter Ben Francisco hit an RBI single with two outs in the bottom of the ninth to lift the Phillies to a 1 - 0 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . Pinch-hitter Ben Francisco had an RBI single with two outs in the bottom of the ninth off Brian Fuentes ( 1 - 8 ) . Michael Stutes ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth to earn the win . Philadelphia 's Guillermo Moscoso gave up only two hits in seven scoreless innings , striking out two and walking three . Oakland 's Guillermo Moscoso gave up only two hits in seven scoreless innings . He struck out two and walked three . Oakland 's Guillermo Moscoso allowed only two hits in seven scoreless innings . He struck out two and walked three . The A 's had runners on second and third with one out in the fifth , but Worley struck out Scott Sizemore and Scott Sizemore to end the inning . The A 's had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Worley struck out Scott Sizemore and Scott Sizemore to end the inning . The A 's had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Worley struck out Scott Sizemore and Scott Sizemore to end the inning . The A 's had runners on first and second with one out in the fifth , but Worley struck out Scott Sizemore and got Cliff Pennington to fly out to center to end the inning . The A 's had runners on first and third with one out in the fifth , but Worley struck out Scott Sizemore and got Cliff Pennington to fly out .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- The Oakland Athletics have found a way to beat the San Francisco Giants . Cliff Pennington hit a go - ahead double and scored the go - ahead run on Cliff Pennington 's double in the fifth inning , leading the A 's to a 4 - 2 victory over the Giants on Tuesday night . Daric Barton hit an RBI double and scored on Hideki Matsui 's two - out single in the fifth to give the A 's a 4 - 2 lead . Brad Ziegler ( 2 - 0 ) got one out for the win . Andrew Bailey pitched the ninth for his fourth save in five chances . Jonathan Sanchez ( 4 - 5 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . Giants starter Jonathan Sanchez ( 4 - 5 ) lasted only 4 2/3 innings , giving up four runs and six hits . He walked three and struck out three . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth on Aubrey Huff 's sacrifice fly and Aubrey Huff 's sacrifice fly . The Giants had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Moscoso struck out Pablo Sandoval and Cody Ross to end the threat . The Giants had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Moscoso struck out Cody Ross and retired Pablo Sandoval on a fly ball to end the threat . Moscoso gave up two unearned runs and three hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out one . Moscoso gave up two unearned runs and three hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out one .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Danny Valencia 's first home run of the season was a three - run shot in the seventh inning that sent the Minnesota Twins to a 6 - 5 victory over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night . Brian Duensing ( 4 - 6 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in six innings for the Twins . Matt Capps pitched the ninth for his 10th save in 12 chances . Clayton Richard ( 2 - 9 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and 10 hits in five innings for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Chase Headley had four hits and drove in two runs for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Chase Headley had four hits and drove in two runs for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Richard ( 2 - 9 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked two . Richard gave up six runs -- five earned -- and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked two . Richard gave up six runs -- five earned -- and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked two . Richard gave up six runs -- five earned -- and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked two . Richard gave up six runs -- five earned -- and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked two . Richard allowed six runs -- five earned -- and 10 hits in five innings .
ATLANTA -- Josh Hamilton had four hits and drove in three runs , Colby Lewis struck out 10 in 6 2/3 innings and the Texas Rangers beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hamilton 's two - run homer in the fifth inning off Randall Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) gave the Rangers a 3 - 1 lead , and Nelson Cruz hit a two - run double in the fifth to give the Rangers a 5 - 1 lead . Lewis ( 6 - 7 ) gave up five hits , two runs , three walks and struck out 10 in 6 2/3 innings . The right - hander improved to 4 - 0 in six career starts against the Braves . The Rangers have won six of their last seven games against the Braves , who have the worst record in the American League . Lewis ( 6 - 7 ) gave up five hits , two runs and three walks in 6 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out a season - high 10 . Randall Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and seven hits in four innings . The Braves have lost five of six . Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and seven hits in four innings . He walked two and struck out two . Brian McCann hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Braves , who have lost five of six . The Braves scored in the second when Elvis Andrus led off with a double and scored on Hamilton 's double . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Cruz 's RBI double . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Young singled , stole second and scored on Hamilton 's double . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Young singled , stole second and scored on Hamilton 's double . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Hamilton 's RBI double .
SEATTLE -- Roy Oswalt has been pitching well for the Seattle Mariners this season . He 's not sure he 'll be able to make his next start . Ichiro Suzuki had three hits and scored three runs , Michael Pineda pitched six strong innings and the Mariners beat the Philadelphia Phillies 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Pineda ( 7 - 4 ) allowed one run and two hits , struck out five and walked three . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in his last five starts . Pineda ( 7 - 4 ) allowed one run and two hits in six innings , striking out five and walking three . He has allowed two earned runs or less in five of his six starts this season . Brandon League pitched the ninth for his major league - leading 20th save in 22 chances . Oswalt ( 4 - 5 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Suzuki had three hits , including an RBI triple in the third inning and a run - scoring single in the seventh . Miguel Olivo added a solo homer in the eighth for Seattle . Brandon League pitched the ninth for his major league - leading 20th save in 22 chances . Oswalt ( 4 - 5 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Suzuki had three hits , including a run - scoring triple in the third , and Ryan added an RBI single in the seventh . Suzuki had three hits , including an RBI triple in the third , and Ryan added an RBI single in the seventh .
CHICAGO -- Milwaukee Brewers manager Ron Roenicke was happy to see his team win the game . Rickie Weeks hit a solo homer in the eighth inning and the Brewers beat the Chicago Cubs 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Rickie Weeks and Rickie Weeks also went deep for the Brewers , who won for the fifth time in six games . Chris Narveson ( 4 - 4 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Chris Narveson ( 4 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Brewers , who won for the fifth time in six games . The Cubs have lost five of six . Chris Narveson ( 4 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Brewers . He struck out five and walked three . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Blake DeWitt doubled and scored on DJ LeMahieu 's single . Johnson followed with a three - run homer to cut it to 5 - 4 , but the Cubs answered with three runs in the fourth . Fielder walked , stole second and scored on Hart 's single to give the Brewers a 2 - 1 lead . Fielder walked , stole second and scored on Hart 's single to give the Brewers a 2 - 1 lead . Zambrano gave up nine hits and five runs in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Blake DeWitt doubled and scored on a two - out single by Johnson . The Cubs added another run in the fifth when Fielder walked , stole second and scored on Hart 's single .
TORONTO -- Ricky Romero has been one of the best pitchers in baseball . Adam Lind hit a leadoff homer in the sixth inning and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Romero ( 6 - 6 ) allowed one run and three hits in eight innings . He walked four and struck out a season - high 12 . Romero ( 6 - 6 ) allowed one run and three hits in eight innings . He walked four and struck out a season - high 12 . Frank Francisco pitched the ninth for his sixth save in six chances . Jake Arrieta ( 8 - 4 ) allowed three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out five . Arrieta ( 8 - 4 ) allowed three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out five . Arrieta ( 8 - 4 ) allowed three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out five . Arrieta ( 8 - 4 ) allowed three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out five . Arrieta ( 8 - 4 ) allowed three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out five . Arrieta ( 8 - 4 ) allowed three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out five . The Blue Jays won for just the second time in eight games . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost five of six . Arrieta ( 8 - 4 ) allowed three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out five .
SEATTLE -- The Los Angeles Angels have been waiting for Vernon Wells to find a way to beat the Seattle Mariners . Wells homered twice and drove in three runs , Dan Haren pitched six effective innings and the Angels beat the Mariners 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Wells hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning off Jason Vargas ( 4 - 4 ) and drove in three runs , including a two - run homer in the seventh off Jason Vargas ( 4 - 4 ) . Wells hit a two - run homer in the seventh off Seattle starter Jason Vargas ( 4 - 4 ) , who gave up five runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . Haren ( 6 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Jordan Walden pitched a perfect ninth for his 15th save in as many chances . Jason Vargas ( 4 - 4 ) allowed five runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . Seattle starter Jason Vargas ( 4 - 4 ) gave up five runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . Seattle starter Jason Vargas ( 4 - 4 ) gave up five runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Mariners took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth on a sacrifice fly by Brendan Ryan and a sacrifice fly by Brendan Ryan . Seattle starter Jason Vargas ( 4 - 4 ) gave up five runs and six hits in seven innings .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Scott Baker has been pitching well for the Minnesota Twins . Baker pitched a five - hitter , Brian Dinkelman drove in two runs and the Twins beat the Texas Rangers 8 - 1 on Tuesday night . Baker ( 4 - 4 ) allowed one run and five hits , struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in his last four starts . Baker ( 4 - 4 ) allowed one run and five hits , struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . He struck out seven without a walk . Colby Lewis ( 5 - 7 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 1 1/3 innings for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Lewis ( 5 - 7 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 1 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander gave up six runs and seven hits in 1 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander gave up a season - high six runs on seven hits in 1 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . Dave Bush gave up six runs , seven hits and two walks in 1 1/3 innings for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . The Rangers have lost seven of their last nine games . The Rangers have lost four of five . Lewis ( 5 - 7 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 1 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander gave up six runs on seven hits and two walks in 1 1/3 innings .
PHILADELPHIA -- Roy Halladay did n't need much run support for the Philadelphia Phillies . Halladay pitched seven scoreless innings , Placido Polanco hit a grand slam and the Phillies beat Carlos Zambrano and the Chicago Cubs 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Zambrano ( 5 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked a season - high seven and struck out five . Zambrano ( 5 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked a season - high seven and struck out five . Zambrano ( 5 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked a season - high seven and struck out five . Zambrano ( 5 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked a season - high seven and struck out five . The Phillies jumped ahead 1 - 0 in the first on Ryan Howard 's RBI groundout . Zambrano ( 5 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked a season - high seven and struck out five . Aramis Ramirez hit a two - run single off J. C. Romero to cut it to 7 - 5 in the eighth . Aramis Ramirez hit a two - run single and pinch - hitter Luis Montanez had a two - run single to cut it to 7 - 5 , but Antonio Bastardo struck out pinch - hitter Brad Snyder to earn his second save . Zambrano ( 5 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked a season - high seven and struck out five .
CHICAGO -- Miguel Olivo and the Seattle Mariners did n't need much offense . Olivo hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly in the 10th inning and the Seattle Mariners beat the Chicago White Sox 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Olivo hit a two - run double off Sergio Santos ( 2 - 2 ) in the 10th to give the Mariners a 6 - 4 lead . Aaron Laffey ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win and Brandon League pitched a perfect 10th for his 17th save in 19 chances . Carlos Quentin hit two home runs for Chicago , including a two - run shot in the eighth off Jamey Wright . Aaron Laffey ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Brandon League pitched the 10th for his 17th save in 19 chances . Seattle starter Gavin Floyd allowed three runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He walked three and struck out three . Seattle starter Jason Vargas gave up three runs and seven hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Brandon League pitched the 10th for his 17th save in 19 chances . Quentin hit a two - out , two - run homer off Jamey Wright in the eighth to tie it at 4 . It was Quentin 's second multi - homer game of the season and second this season . He also hit a two - run shot in Chicago 's 4 - 3 win over the White Sox on Tuesday . Quentin hit a solo homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the eighth off Jamey Wright to tie it at 4 . It was Quentin 's second multi - homer game of the season and second this season . He also hit a two - run shot in Chicago 's 4 - 3 win over the White Sox on Tuesday night .
HOUSTON -- Albert Pujols and the St. Louis Cardinals did n't have much to show for it . Berkman hit a two - run homer and Jake Westbrook pitched into the sixth inning to lead the Cardinals to a 7 - 4 win over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Brett Myers ( 2 - 5 ) to give the Cardinals a 2 - 0 lead . Westbrook ( 6 - 3 ) allowed eight hits and three runs -- two earned -- with three strikeouts in 5 1/3 innings . Westbrook ( 6 - 3 ) allowed eight hits and three runs -- two earned -- with three walks and three strikeouts in 5 1/3 innings . Fernando Salas gave up a two - out RBI double to Chris Johnson in the ninth but got Clint Barmes to fly out for his 11th save . Brett Myers ( 2 - 5 ) gave up five runs -- five earned -- and six hits in six innings for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Myers ( 2 - 5 ) allowed six hits and five runs -- five earned -- in six innings . He has n't won since May 26 . The Astros have lost six of their last seven games . Houston starter Brett Myers ( 2 - 5 ) allowed six hits and five runs -- five earned -- in six innings . He was replaced by Enerio Del Rosario , who gave up Berkman 's homer in the eighth . Enerio Del Rosario gave up Berkman 's solo homer in the eighth inning . The Astros have lost six of seven .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Toronto Blue Jays have n't been able to do much better against the Kansas City Royals lately . Adam Lind hit a two - run homer and Kyle Drabek won for the first time in more than a month , leading the Blue Jays to an 8 - 5 victory over the Royals on Tuesday night . J. P. Arencibia hit a two - run homer and J. P. Arencibia added a two - run shot for the Blue Jays , who have won three straight and five of six . The Blue Jays have won five of their past six games . The Blue Jays scored three runs in the first inning off Vin Mazzaro ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up six runs and eight hits in five innings . The Blue Jays scored three runs in the first inning , including a two - run homer by J. P. Arencibia and a two - run shot by J. P. Arencibia . Jayson Nix had an RBI double in the second and scored on Lind 's sacrifice fly . The Royals cut the deficit to 4 - 2 in the third on Billy Butler 's run - scoring infield single and a run - scoring single by Billy Butler . The Royals cut the lead to 6 - 4 in the fifth on Billy Butler 's run - scoring groundout , Francoeur 's RBI groundout and Billy Butler 's run - scoring single . The Royals cut the deficit to 6 - 5 in the sixth on a run - scoring groundout by Francoeur and a run - scoring single by Francoeur . The Royals scored three times in the fifth to take a 6 - 4 lead . Francoeur hit a run - scoring groundout and Francoeur had a run - scoring single .
CLEVELAND -- Minnesota Twins manager Ron Gardenhire did n't want to talk about his team 's offense , which has been a problem for the Indians . Scott Baker ( 3 - 4 ) allowed four runs in seven innings , and the Twins beat the Cleveland Indians 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Matt Tolbert and Matt Tolbert each had two hits and two RBIs , and Matt Tolbert and Matt Tolbert each had two hits and two RBIs for the Twins , who have won four of five . Scott Baker ( 3 - 4 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Matt Capps pitched the ninth for his eighth save in eight chances . Josh Tomlin ( 7 - 3 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in six innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 9.00 ERA in his last four starts . Tomlin ( 3 - 4 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Matt Tolbert had two hits and two RBIs for the Twins , who have won three of four . Josh Tomlin ( 7 - 3 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in six innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 9.00 ERA in his last four starts . Tomlin ( 7 - 4 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- and nine hits over seven innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Tomlin ( 7 - 3 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in six innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts .
MIAMI -- Milwaukee Brewers manager Ken Macha said he did n't know what to do . Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third inning , and the Brewers beat the Florida Marlins 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third inning , and Rickie Weeks hit a solo shot in the 11th . Tim Dillard ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings for the win and John Axford got three outs for his 16th save in 17 chances . The Brewers ' bullpen has been a problem for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Tim Dillard ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings for the win and John Axford got three outs for his 16th save in 17 chances . The Brewers ' bullpen has been a problem for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Florida 's Anibal Sanchez allowed five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out five , walked one and hit a batter . Florida 's Anibal Sanchez gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out five , walked one and hit a batter . Florida 's Anibal Sanchez gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out five , walked one and hit a batter . Florida 's Anibal Sanchez allowed five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out five , walked one and hit a batter with a pitch . Narveson gave up four runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out three . Anibal Sanchez gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings .
BALTIMORE -- The Toronto Blue Jays are starting to feel good at Camden Yards . Adam Lind homered twice and drove in three runs , Yunel Escobar hit a three - run homer and the Blue Jays beat the Baltimore Orioles 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Jo-Jo Reyes ( 2 - 4 ) allowed three runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out three and walked four . Toronto 's Jeremy Guthrie ( 2 - 8 ) gave up six runs , nine hits and three walks in five innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . Guthrie ( 2 - 8 ) allowed six runs , nine hits and three walks in five innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . Guthrie ( 2 - 8 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning when Edwin Encarnacion doubled and scored on a two - out single by Aaron Hill . Baltimore took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom half on a run - scoring double by Vladimir Guerrero and a run - scoring groundout by Vladimir Guerrero . Baltimore went up 2 - 1 in the bottom half on a run - scoring double by Vladimir Guerrero and a sacrifice fly by Nick Markakis . Baltimore went up 2 - 1 in the bottom half when Craig Tatum doubled and scored on a groundout by Vladimir Guerrero . In the bottom half , the Orioles loaded the bases with no outs . Nick Markakis hit a sacrifice fly and Vladimir Guerrero hit an RBI groundout . Baltimore went up 2 - 1 in the bottom half when Craig Tatum doubled and scored on a groundout by Vladimir Guerrero .
SAN DIEGO -- The Houston Astros had a big night at the plate , too . Chris Johnson homered and drove in two runs , Bud Norris won for the first time in four starts and the Astros beat the San Diego Padres 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Norris ( 3 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in six innings , struck out six and walked two . Mark Melancon worked the ninth for his fifth save in six chances . Tim Stauffer ( 1 - 4 ) gave up seven runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . Stauffer ( 1 - 4 ) allowed seven runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . San Diego 's Tim Stauffer ( 1 - 4 ) allowed seven runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . San Diego 's Tim Stauffer ( 1 - 4 ) allowed seven runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . San Diego 's Tim Stauffer ( 1 - 4 ) gave up seven runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . San Diego 's Tim Stauffer ( 1 - 4 ) allowed seven runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . San Diego 's Tim Stauffer ( 1 - 4 ) allowed seven runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in five innings .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Billy Butler 's two - run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning lifted the Kansas City Royals to a 2 - 0 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Friday night . Butler hit a two - out , two - run homer off Scott Downs ( 3 - 2 ) in the bottom of the ninth to lift the Royals to a 2 - 0 lead . Tim Collins ( 3 - 2 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings to pick up the victory . Royals starter Tyler Chatwood gave up five hits , walked two and struck out two in 7 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his past five starts . The Angels have lost six of eight . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost five of six . Chatwood allowed five hits , walked two and struck out two in 7 2/3 innings . He has n't won since April 28 , a span of six starts . The Angels have scored only one run in their past four games . Chatwood allowed five hits , walked two and struck out two in 7 2/3 innings . The right - hander was 0 - 3 in his previous five starts .
LOS ANGELES -- Joe Saunders has been one of the Arizona Diamondbacks ' most consistent pitchers this season . Saunders pitched into the eighth inning and Gerardo Parra homered twice to lead the Diamondbacks to a 6 - 3 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Wednesday night . Saunders ( 8 - 8 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in 7 2/3 innings , struck out three and did n't walk a batter . He was 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his previous five starts . The Dodgers ' bullpen gave up a run in the eighth , but J. J. Putz got the final two outs for his 24th save in 28 chances . Rubby De La Rosa ( 4 - 5 ) gave up three runs and five hits in four innings , struck out six and walked four . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts after winning his first four starts of the season . Rubby De La Rosa ( 4 - 5 ) gave up three runs and five hits in four innings , struck out six and walked four . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts after winning his first four starts of the season . Rubby De La Rosa ( 4 - 5 ) gave up three runs and five hits in four innings , struck out six and walked four . The right - hander struck out six and walked four , including two in the second inning . De La Rosa ( 4 - 5 ) gave up three runs and five hits in four innings , struck out six and walked four . The right - hander struck out six and walked four . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Parra 's first homer of the season , a one - out drive to left - center on a 3 - 2 pitch . De La Rosa was charged with three runs and five hits in four innings , struck out six and walked four .
LOS ANGELES -- The Arizona Diamondbacks are starting to feel good at Dodger Stadium . Justin Upton hit a three - run double in a three - run sixth inning , and the Diamondbacks beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Justin Upton drove in three runs with a bases - loaded double in the sixth inning and Micah Owings ( 5 - 0 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five - plus innings . J. J. Putz worked the ninth for his 23rd save in 28 chances . Chad Billingsley ( 9 - 9 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out four and walked five . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . Billingsley ( 9 - 9 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out four and walked five . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts with a 4.15 ERA . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Willie Bloomquist . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Willie Bloomquist . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Willie Bloomquist . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Willie Bloomquist . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Willie Bloomquist . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Willie Bloomquist . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Willie Bloomquist 's sacrifice fly .
SAN DIEGO -- Esmil Rogers has been a big part of the Colorado Rockies ' rotation . Rogers pitched five innings of one - hit ball and Eliezer Alfonzo hit his first career grand slam , leading the Rockies to a 10 - 6 victory over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night . Rogers ( 4 - 1 ) allowed one run and one hit in five innings . He struck out four and walked one . Rogers ( 4 - 1 ) gave up four runs and two hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Rockies have lost four of five . Rogers ( 4 - 1 ) gave up four runs and two hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Rockies have lost four of five . Harang ( 9 - 3 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Padres scored four runs in the first inning , including a two - run double by Ryan Ludwick and a two - run double by Alberto Gonzalez . Harang ( 9 - 3 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out six and walked two . The Padres scored four runs in the first inning , including a two - run double by Ryan Ludwick and a two - run double by Alberto Gonzalez . The Rockies took a 4 - 2 lead in the bottom of the first on Jesus Guzman 's RBI double and Alberto Gonzalez 's two - run double . The Rockies took a 4 - 2 lead in the bottom half on Jesus Guzman 's RBI double and Alberto Gonzalez 's two - run double .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Matt Harrison has been a big part of the Texas Rangers ' rotation . Harrison pitched into the eighth inning and Josh Hamilton had three hits , leading the Rangers to a 4 - 1 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Harrison ( 9 - 7 ) allowed one run and eight hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out two and walked one . Neftali Feliz pitched a perfect ninth for his 21st save in 23 chances . Scott Baker ( 8 - 6 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in seven innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Baker ( 8 - 6 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Baker ( 8 - 6 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Baker ( 8 - 6 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Baker ( 8 - 6 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Baker ( 8 - 6 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Baker ( 8 - 6 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out four .
ATLANTA -- Andrew McCutchen had a big night for the Pittsburgh Pirates . McCutchen hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning and drove in three runs , leading the Pirates to a 5 - 2 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . McCutchen hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning and drove in three runs , and Kevin Correia ( 12 - 8 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . Joel Hanrahan got the final four outs for his 30th save . Derek Lowe ( 6 - 9 ) gave up eight hits and three runs in five innings . He struck out five and walked three . Lowe ( 6 - 9 ) gave up eight hits and three runs in five innings . He struck out five and walked three . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Eric Hinske hit an RBI double and scored on Eric Hinske 's double . Atlanta took a 3 - 1 lead in the fifth . Garrett Jones led off with a double and scored on McCutchen 's double to left - center . McCutchen followed with a run - scoring groundout to make it 3 - 1 . Lowe gave up eight hits and three runs in five innings . He struck out five and walked three . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Eric Hinske hit an RBI double and scored on a double by Eric Hinske . The Pirates tied it in the second . Xavier Paul led off with a double and scored on McCutchen 's single to center . The Pirates tied it in the second . Xavier Paul led off with a double and scored on McCutchen 's single to center . The Pirates tied it in the second . Garrett Jones led off with a double and scored on McCutchen 's single .
CHICAGO -- Justin Verlander has been a big part of the Detroit Tigers ' rotation . Verlander allowed four runs and seven hits in eight innings , leading the Tigers to a 5 - 4 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 14 - 5 ) allowed four runs and seven hits , striking out seven and walking one . He struck out seven and walked one . Jose Valverde pitched a perfect ninth for his 27th save in 30 chances . Paul Konerko hit a two - run homer for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Paul Konerko hit a two - run homer in the first for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Adam Dunn hit a two - run homer in the first for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Paul Konerko hit a two - run homer in the first for the White Sox , who have lost three straight and five of six . Peavy allowed four runs and a season - high 10 hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Konerko hit a two - out , two - run homer off Verlander to give the White Sox a 2 - 0 lead . The White Sox cut it to 2 - 1 in the fourth when Austin Jackson led off with a double and scored on Victor Martinez 's single . Peavy allowed four runs and a season - high 10 hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Konerko .
PHILADELPHIA -- Vance Worley did n't have his best stuff . Worley pitched a three - hitter and Raul Ibanez hit a three - run homer to lead the Philadelphia Phillies to a 7 - 2 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Friday night . Worley ( 7 - 1 ) allowed two runs and three hits in his second career complete game . He struck out five and walked one . The Phillies have won three straight and five of six . The Phillies have lost four of five . Zito ( 3 - 3 ) gave up six runs and six hits in seven innings . He has allowed three home runs in his last three starts . Zito ( 3 - 3 ) gave up six runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Giants have lost five of six . Zito ( 3 - 3 ) gave up six runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . The Giants have lost five of their last six games .
CHICAGO -- Marlon Byrd had four hits , including a game - winning single in the 10th inning , and the Chicago Cubs beat the Houston Astros 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Soto , who had three hits , singled in the winning run in the 10th to tie the game at 4 . Soto , who had three hits , drove in the winning run with a single off Wilton Lopez in the eighth . John Grabow ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . Carlos Lee hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Astros , who have lost four of five . John Grabow ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . Houston starter Matt Garza allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked three . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Clint Barmes ' first career home run , a solo shot to left - center . The Cubs tied it in the second on a double by Byrd and a run - scoring single by Alfonso Soriano . The Cubs cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the fifth on Hunter Pence 's RBI groundout and Garza 's run - scoring groundout . Garza gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out nine . Garza gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out nine . Garza gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out nine . Lyles allowed three runs and nine hits in six innings .
PHILADELPHIA -- Roy Halladay did n't have his best stuff . Halladay pitched eight strong innings , Carlos Ruiz hit a two - run double and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the San Diego Padres 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Halladay ( 12 - 4 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Halladay ( 12 - 4 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Antonio Bastardo pitched a perfect ninth for his eighth save in nine chances . Halladay ( 12 - 4 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Antonio Bastardo pitched a perfect ninth for his eighth save in nine chances . Halladay ( 12 - 4 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Antonio Bastardo pitched a perfect ninth for his eighth save in nine chances . Tim Stauffer ( 6 - 7 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . Stauffer gave up five runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . Stauffer gave up five runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . Stauffer gave up five runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . Stauffer gave up five runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings .
CHICAGO -- Randy Wells did n't have his best stuff . The right - hander pitched six strong innings , Geovany Soto hit a solo homer and the Chicago Cubs beat the Houston Astros 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Wells ( 2 - 3 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . Marlon Byrd hit a solo homer for the Cubs , who have won four of five . Wandy Rodriguez ( 6 - 7 ) allowed two runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Byrd led off with a homer to left - center . The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the fourth , but Wells struck out Carlos Corporan and Michael Bourn to end the inning . Rodriguez ( 6 - 7 ) gave up two runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Astros have lost six of their last seven games . Houston 's Wandy Rodriguez ( 6 - 7 ) allowed two runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Astros have lost six of their last seven games . Houston 's Wandy Rodriguez ( 6 - 7 ) gave up two runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Astros have lost six of their last seven games and have scored just nine runs in their last five games . Houston 's Wandy Rodriguez ( 6 - 7 ) allowed two runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals have n't had much success against the Tampa Bay Rays this season . Mike Moustakas hit a game - ending double in the 10th inning , and the Royals rallied to beat the Rays 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Royals trailed 4 - 2 in the sixth when Billy Butler led off with a double off Brandon Gomes ( 0 - 1 ) and scored on Moustakas ' sacrifice fly off Brandon Gomes ( 0 - 1 ) . Alex Gordon , who had three hits , drove in the tying run with a double off Brandon Gomes ( 0 - 1 ) , who was making his major league debut . Joakim Soria ( 5 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless 10th to pick up the win . Royals starter Jeff Niemann allowed three runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Tampa Bay starter Jeff Niemann gave up three runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Tampa Bay starter Jeff Niemann gave up three runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Tampa Bay starter Jeff Niemann gave up three runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Tampa Bay starter Jeff Niemann gave up three runs , two earned , and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter .
DENVER -- Tommy Hanson has been a big part of the Atlanta Braves ' rotation . Jason Heyward hit a two - run homer , Freddie Freeman and Brooks Conrad also went deep and the Braves beat the Colorado Rockies 9 - 6 on Tuesday night . Hanson ( 11 - 5 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Craig Kimbrel pitched a hitless ninth for his 30th save in 34 chances . He walked Ryan Spilborghs and pinch - hitter Ty Wigginton to load the bases with no outs . Dexter Fowler hit a two - run triple and scored on Dexter Fowler 's double to give the Rockies a 9 - 6 lead . Craig Kimbrel pitched a hitless ninth for his 30th save in 34 chances . The Rockies have lost five of six and are a major league - best 26 - 8 since July 26 . The Rockies have lost six of seven and are a major league - best 26 - 8 since July 26 . The Rockies have lost six of seven and are a major league - best 26 - 8 since the All-Star break . Tommy Hanson ( 11 - 5 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth for his 30th save in 34 chances . He walked pinch - hitter Ryan Spilborghs and pinch - hitter Ty Wigginton , but pinch - hitter Ty Wigginton grounded out to end the game . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Carlos Gonzalez led off with his 21st home run of the season , a drive that bounced off the top of the right - field wall . The Braves took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on Chris Iannetta 's sacrifice fly and Dexter Fowler 's two - run triple . Chacin walked a career - high seven in 4 2/3 innings , giving up five runs and four hits . He walked a season - high seven and struck out four .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Justin Verlander has been the Detroit Tigers ' ace . Jhonny Peralta hit a two - run homer , Brennan Boesch and Jhonny Peralta each hit two - run homers and the Tigers beat the Minnesota Twins 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 13 - 5 ) allowed one run and five hits in eight innings . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter . Verlander ( 13 - 5 ) allowed one run and five hits in eight innings . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Verlander ( 13 - 5 ) gave up one run and five hits in eight innings . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Tigers have won five of their last six games and are a major league - best 20 - 6 since June 1 . Carl Pavano ( 6 - 7 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in six innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Pavano ( 6 - 7 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in six innings . He has lost three straight starts for the first time this season . Pavano ( 6 - 7 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in six innings with two strikeouts and a walk . He has lost three straight starts for the first time this season . The Twins have lost five of their last six games and have scored only seven runs in their last five games . The Tigers have lost five of their last six games and have scored only seven runs in their last five games . The Twins have scored a total of five runs in their last five games . They 've scored only five runs in their last five games .
HOUSTON -- Houston Astros manager Brad Mills was happy to see his team win the game . The Astros ' 3 - 2 win over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night gave the Astros their first three - game winning streak of the season . Humberto Quintero led off the 11th with a single against Todd Coffey ( 3 - 1 ) and advanced to third on Michael Bourn 's single to right . Quintero scored on a single by Jason Michaels to give the Astros a 3 - 2 lead . Wilton Lopez ( 2 - 4 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Livan Hernandez allowed two runs and eight hits in six innings for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Wilton Lopez ( 2 - 4 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Livan Hernandez allowed two runs and seven hits with three strikeouts in six innings for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Houston starter Livan Hernandez yielded seven hits and two runs with one walk in six innings . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Carlos Lee . The Nationals took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Jason Michaels . The Nationals tied it in the sixth when Michael Morse led off with a double and scored on a single by Werth to make it 1 - 0 . The Nationals tied it in the sixth when Michael Morse singled with one out and scored on a single by Werth to make it 1 - 0 . The Nationals tied it in the sixth when Michael Morse led off with a double and scored on a single by Werth to make it 1 - 0 .
DENVER -- Todd Helton did n't have his best stuff . Helton hit a two - run homer in the first inning , and the Colorado Rockies rallied to beat the Atlanta Braves 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Helton hit a two - run homer in the first to give the Rockies a 2 - 0 lead . It was his first homer of the season , a two - run shot that made it 2 - 0 in the first . Carlos Gonzalez had an RBI double in the second and Helton added a run - scoring single in the ninth . Huston Street ( 1 - 3 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Eric O'Flaherty ( 1 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up a one - out single to Carlos Gonzalez in the ninth . Carlos Gonzalez followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 2 . Huston Street ( 1 - 3 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Colorado starter Juan Nicasio gave up one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Dexter Fowler led off with a double and scored on Carlos Gonzalez 's double . The Rockies cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the second when Jason Heyward doubled and scored on Dan Uggla 's two - out double . Nicasio gave up one run on five hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Dexter Fowler led off with a double and scored on Gonzalez 's two - out double .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Clayton Kershaw has been pitching well for the Los Angeles Dodgers . Kershaw struck out a season - high 12 in eight scoreless innings , and the Dodgers beat the San Francisco Giants 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Kershaw ( 11 - 4 ) allowed three hits , walked one and threw 112 pitches . He threw 112 pitches . Javy Guerra pitched a perfect ninth for his sixth save in six chances . Lincecum ( 8 - 8 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Lincecum ( 8 - 8 ) gave up five hits , struck out seven and walked four in seven innings . The right - hander is winless in his last five starts . The Dodgers have lost four of five . Lincecum ( 8 - 8 ) gave up five hits , struck out seven and walked four in seven innings . He is winless in his last five starts . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . Lincecum ( 8 - 8 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked four . He is winless in his last five starts . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . San Francisco has lost four of five . The Giants have lost six of their last seven . San Francisco has lost four of five . The Giants have lost six of their last seven . San Francisco has lost four of five . The Giants have lost six of their past seven games . San Francisco has lost four of five . The Giants have lost four of five .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels ' biggest comeback win of the season was a big hit . Howie Kendrick hit a tiebreaking two - run double in the fifth inning , Howie Kendrick had a tiebreaking two - run double and the Angels beat the Texas Rangers 9 - 8 on Tuesday night . Howie Kendrick had three hits and drove in a career - high four runs for the Angels , who have won four of five . Hisanori Takahashi ( 3 - 2 ) allowed a run and two hits in 1 2/3 innings of relief . Jordan Walden pitched the ninth for his 22nd save in 25 chances . Michael Young had three hits and drove in two runs for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Hisanori Takahashi ( 3 - 2 ) gave up a run and two hits in 1 2/3 innings of relief . Jordan Walden pitched the ninth for his 22nd save in 25 chances . The Angels ' Derek Holland gave up a season - high seven runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . Howie Kendrick had three hits and drove in a pair of runs for the Angels , who have won four of five . Jordan Walden pitched the ninth for his 22nd save in 25 chances . The Angels ' Derek Holland gave up nine hits and seven runs in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three in his first start against the Angels this season . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against the Angels this season . Holland , who is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against the Angels this season , was charged with seven runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three .
HOUSTON -- Houston Astros manager Cecil Cooper was impressed with his team 's offense . Clint Barmes hit a two - run homer and Michael Bourn drove in three runs to help the Astros to a 7 - 6 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . Clint Barmes hit a two - run homer and Michael Bourn had three hits and drove in three runs for the Astros . Michael Bourn had three hits and drove in three runs , and Michael Bourn had three hits and drove in three runs . Michael Bourn had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in two runs for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Michael Bourn had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in two runs for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Michael Bourn had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in two runs for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Michael Bourn had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in two runs for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Michael Morse had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Ian Desmond had two hits and drove in a run for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Zimmermann ( 6 - 8 ) allowed six runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Michael Morse hit a two - run homer in the third for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Zimmermann allowed six runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked none .
PITTSBURGH -- Dontrelle Willis did n't need much run support for the Pittsburgh Pirates . The right - hander gave up two runs and five hits in 4 2/3 innings , and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Reds 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Willis ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 4 2/3 innings , striking out five and walking one . He threw 69 of his 69 pitches for strikes . Willis ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 4 2/3 innings , striking out five and walking one . The right - hander had been 0 - 3 in five starts since beating the Chicago Cubs on July 20 . The Reds have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Morton ( 8 - 5 ) gave up three hits , walked two and struck out three . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.37 ERA in his last four starts . Joel Hanrahan worked a perfect ninth for his 27th save in 31 opportunities . The Reds have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The Reds have won six of their past seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven .
HOUSTON -- Houston Astros manager Clint Hurdle was happy with his team 's offense . Jeff Keppinger hit a two - run homer in the third inning and the Astros rallied for a 6 - 4 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Jeff Keppinger hit a two - run homer and Michael Bourn had three hits and drove in a run for the Astros . Sergio Escalona ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . Mark Melancon worked a perfect ninth for his seventh save . Neil Walker went 4 for 5 with a homer and four RBIs for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Sergio Escalona ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Mark Melancon worked a perfect ninth for his seventh save . Houston starter Bud Norris allowed nine hits and four runs with five strikeouts in 5 2/3 innings . Houston starter Bud Norris allowed nine hits and four runs with five strikeouts in 5 2/3 innings . Houston starter Bud Norris allowed nine hits and four runs in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Maholm allowed three runs and nine hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out three . Maholm allowed three runs and nine hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out three . Maholm allowed three runs and nine hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out three . Maholm allowed three runs and nine hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out three . Maholm allowed three runs and nine hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out three .
WASHINGTON -- Jordan Zimmermann has been one of the Washington Nationals ' most consistent pitchers this season . Zimmermann pitched 6 1/3 innings of four - hit ball , Rick Ankiel and Rick Ankiel homered and the Nationals beat the Colorado Rockies 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Zimmermann ( 6 - 7 ) allowed four hits , struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last five starts . Zimmermann ( 6 - 7 ) allowed four hits , struck out six and did n't walk a batter in 6 1/3 innings . Drew Storen pitched the ninth for his 23rd save in 26 chances . Jhoulys Chacin ( 8 - 7 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Rockies have lost five of six . The Rockies have lost five of six . The Rockies have lost five of six . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost five of six . The Rockies have lost five of six . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost five of six . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost five of six . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost five of six . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost five of six . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost five of six . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost five of six . Colorado has lost six of seven .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Dan Haren and the Los Angeles Angels are n't going to let the right - hander get a win . Haren pitched into the ninth inning , Alberto Callaspo had three hits and drove in two runs and the Angels beat the Seattle Mariners 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Haren ( 10 - 5 ) allowed two runs and five hits over 8 2/3 innings , striking out eight and walking two . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.29 ERA in his last five starts . Haren ( 10 - 5 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 8 2/3 innings , striking out eight and walking two . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.29 ERA in his last five starts . Haren ( 10 - 5 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 8 2/3 innings , striking out eight and walking two . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.29 ERA in his last four starts . Jordan Walden got the final out in the ninth for his 20th save in 23 chances . David Pauley ( 5 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up two hits and two runs in two - thirds of an inning . Pauley ( 5 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up two hits and two runs in two - thirds of an inning . Seattle 's Felix Hernandez allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings , striking out six and walking one . The right - hander , who had won his previous three starts , struck out six and walked one in seven innings . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Kennedy 's two - out , two - run single .
CLEVELAND -- The Toronto Blue Jays have been waiting for Jose Bautista to find a way to beat the Cleveland Indians . Bautista hit a leadoff homer in the 10th inning to lift the Blue Jays to a 5 - 4 win over the Indians on Tuesday night . Bautista hit a 1 - 0 pitch from Chris Perez ( 2 - 4 ) into the right - field seats for his first homer of the season . It was the second multihomer game of Bautista 's career and the second of his career . It was the second multihomer game of Bautista 's career and the second of his career . Jon Rauch ( 3 - 3 ) got the win despite giving up a run in the ninth . Shawn Camp pitched the 10th for his first save . Bautista hit a solo homer off Chris Perez ( 2 - 1 ) leading off the 10th . It was the second multihomer game of Bautista 's career and the second of his career . Jon Rauch ( 3 - 3 ) got the win despite giving up a run in the ninth . Shawn Camp pitched the 10th for his first save . Toronto starter Brandon Morrow gave up three runs and three hits over eight innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Shawn Camp pitched the 10th for his first save . Bautista hit a solo homer in the third and a run - scoring double in the fourth to give the Blue Jays a 4 - 3 lead . The Blue Jays tied it in the bottom of the inning on Matt LaPorta 's sacrifice fly . The Indians tied it in the bottom half on Matt LaPorta 's sacrifice fly . The Indians tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Matt LaPorta .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Derek Holland did n't allow a hit until the fourth inning , when the Texas Rangers left - hander threw a four - hit shutout in a 6 - 0 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Wednesday night . Holland ( 7 - 4 ) struck out seven and walked two in his second career shutout and third complete game . He struck out seven and walked two . Holland ( 7 - 4 ) struck out seven and walked two in his first career complete game . He struck out seven and walked two in his first career complete game . Rich Harden ( 1 - 1 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Harden ( 1 - 1 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked two . Harden ( 1 - 1 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out two . Harden ( 1 - 1 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out two . The A 's have lost four of five . Harden ( 1 - 1 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out two . The A 's have lost four of five . Harden ( 1 - 1 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out two . The A 's have lost five of their last six games . Harden allowed five runs and eight hits in five innings .
CLEVELAND -- Travis Hafner 's first career game - winning hit was a memorable one . Hafner hit a game - ending grand slam in the ninth inning , lifting the Cleveland Indians to a 5 - 4 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night . Hafner had a career - high four RBIs , including a grand slam off Luis Perez ( 1 - 2 ) in the ninth . It was his first career game - ending hit . Hafner 's first career game - winning homer was his second game - ending hit this season . The Blue Jays have lost three straight and five of six . Tony Sipp ( 4 - 1 ) allowed a run in the ninth . Jose Bautista hit a solo homer off Tony Sipp ( 4 - 1 ) in the top of the ninth to make it 4 - 0 . Tony Sipp ( 4 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up a homer to Jose Bautista in the top of the ninth . Tony Sipp ( 4 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up a homer to Jose Bautista in the top of the ninth . Cleveland starter Zach McAllister gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in four innings . He struck out four and walked three . Toronto 's Carlos Villanueva allowed six hits in six innings , struck out seven and walked two . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in five starts since being recalled from Triple-A Buffalo earlier in the day . Toronto 's Carlos Villanueva pitched six innings of six - hit ball , striking out seven and walking two . The right - hander struck out seven and walked two .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants have found a way to beat the San Diego Padres . Nate Schierholtz hit two home runs , Pablo Sandoval had three RBIs and the Giants beat the San Diego Padres 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Pablo Sandoval had three RBIs and Andres Torres had three hits for the Giants . Javier Lopez ( 4 - 1 ) struck out three in two perfect innings for the win . Pat Neshek ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up a leadoff homer to Schierholtz in the 14th . Javier Lopez ( 4 - 1 ) struck out three in two perfect innings for the win . Pat Neshek ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up a leadoff homer to Schierholtz in the 14th . Javier Lopez ( 4 - 1 ) struck out three in two perfect innings for the win . Giants starter Madison Bumgarner gave up five runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . San Diego starter Dustin Moseley ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing four runs and five hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out nine and walked one . San Diego starter Dustin Moseley ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing four runs and five hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out nine and walked one . San Diego starter Dustin Moseley ( 1 - 1 ) allowed four runs and five hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out nine and walked one . The Padres took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run double by Ryan Ludwick and an RBI double by Rob Johnson .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Miguel Cabrera and the rest of the Detroit Tigers ' batting order could n't come up with a big hit . Cabrera hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the seventh inning , Brad Penny pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Tigers beat the Los Angeles Angels 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Cabrera hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the seventh inning and Victor Martinez had a two - run single for the Tigers . Penny ( 6 - 6 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Jose Valverde pitched a perfect ninth for his 21st save in 25 chances . The Angels ' bullpen has allowed two runs or fewer in 11 of 12 games , including a 1 - 2 - 3 eighth inning . Jose Valverde pitched a perfect ninth for his 21st save in 25 chances . The Angels ' Tyler Chatwood allowed two unearned runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out three and walked five . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . Howie Kendrick hit a two - run single in the first for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Howie Kendrick drove in two runs for the Angels , who have lost five of six . Howie Kendrick had a two - run single in the first for the Angels , who have lost five of six . Howie Kendrick had a two - run single in the first for the Angels , who have lost five of six . Howie Kendrick had a two - run single in the first for the Angels , who have lost six of seven .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Clayton Richard and the San Diego Padres did n't need much run support for the San Francisco Giants . Richard pitched two - hit ball over five innings and Will Venable homered to lead the Padres to a 5 - 3 victory over the Giants on Tuesday night . Richard ( 5 - 9 ) allowed two hits and three walks in five - plus innings . He struck out two and walked three . Heath Bell gave up a run in the ninth but held on for his 25th save . Pablo Sandoval homered and drove in two runs for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Pablo Sandoval homered and drove in two runs for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Pablo Sandoval homered and drove in two runs for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Pablo Sandoval homered and drove in two runs for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Pablo Sandoval hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Lincecum ( 6 - 7 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . San Francisco has lost four of five . The Giants have lost five of six . San Francisco has lost four of five . The Giants have lost five of six . San Francisco has lost four of five . The Giants have lost five of six . San Francisco has lost four of five . The Giants have lost five of six . San Francisco has lost four of five .
TORONTO -- Roy Halladay did n't need much run support for the Philadelphia Phillies . Halladay pitched a complete game , Chase Utley hit a two - run homer and the Phillies beat the Toronto Blue Jays 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Halladay ( 11 - 3 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in his second complete game of the season . He walked one and struck out eight . The Blue Jays won for just the second time in eight games . Halladay ( 11 - 3 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in his second complete game of the season . He walked one and struck out eight . The Blue Jays have lost five of their past six games . Halladay ( 11 - 3 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in his second complete game of the season . He walked one and struck out eight . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Carlos Ruiz led off with a double and scored on Utley 's two - out single . Philadelphia tied it in the bottom half on John McDonald 's RBI single and John McDonald 's run - scoring single . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on John McDonald 's RBI single and John McDonald 's run - scoring single . The Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half on John McDonald 's RBI single and John McDonald 's run - scoring single . The Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half on McDonald 's RBI single and John McDonald 's run - scoring single . Toronto tied it in the bottom half when John McDonald doubled home Corey Patterson , who led off the inning with a single . Bautista cut it to 1 - 1 with a leadoff homer in the bottom half , but the Phillies reclaimed the lead in the fifth . Carlos Ruiz led off with a double and scored on a double by Ryan Howard . The Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half on McDonald 's RBI single and John McDonald 's run - scoring single .
CINCINNATI -- Justin Masterson and the rest of the Cleveland Indians ' rotation has been a problem . Masterson pitched eight innings of four - hit ball and Grady Sizemore hit a two - run homer , leading the Indians to an 8 - 2 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Masterson ( 6 - 6 ) allowed one run and four hits in eight innings . He struck out five and walked one . Masterson ( 6 - 6 ) gave up one run and four hits in eight innings . He struck out five and walked one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in five career starts against the Reds , including 4 - 0 at Great American Ball Park . Arroyo ( 7 - 7 ) was tagged for eight runs and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his last four starts . The Indians have lost five of six . Arroyo ( 7 - 7 ) was tagged for eight runs and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his last four starts . The Indians have lost five of their last six games . Arroyo ( 7 - 7 ) was tagged for eight runs and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his last four starts . The Indians have lost five of their last six games . Arroyo ( 7 - 7 ) lasted only 4 2/3 innings , giving up nine hits and eight runs -- eight earned -- with no walks and two strikeouts . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts .
DETROIT -- Austin Jackson had a career - high four hits and scored three runs , and the Detroit Tigers rallied to beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Jackson had four hits and scored three runs for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Daniel Schlereth ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . Jose Valverde pitched the ninth for his NL-leading 40th save . Blake Wood ( 5 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up three runs on four hits and a walk in one inning . Royals starter Nate Adcock gave up two runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Ramon Santiago . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Ramon Santiago . The Royals tied it in the second when Alex Gordon led off with a double and scored on Melky Cabrera 's double . Billy Butler 's RBI double made it 3 - 2 in the sixth , and Billy Butler 's RBI single made it 4 - 2 . Porcello gave up four runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . Porcello allowed four runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . Porcello allowed four runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . Porcello gave up four runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . Porcello gave up four runs and eight hits in seven innings .
SEATTLE -- Felix Hernandez took a perfect game into the eighth inning , and the Seattle Mariners did n't need much offense . Hernandez pitched a five - hitter , Mike Carp hit a two - run double with two outs in the eighth inning and the Mariners beat the Los Angeles Angels 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Hernandez ( 13 - 11 ) allowed one run and five hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out nine and walked one . Hernandez ( 13 - 11 ) allowed one run and five hits , struck out nine and walked one . He threw 109 pitches , 80 for strikes . Hernandez ( 13 - 11 ) allowed one run and five hits , struck out nine and walked one . It was his second complete game of the season . Hernandez ( 13 - 11 ) allowed one run and five hits , struck out nine and walked one . It was the first complete game of his career . Hernandez ( 13 - 11 ) allowed one run and five hits , struck out nine and walked one . He threw 109 pitches , 80 for strikes . The Mariners have lost five of their past six games . Haren ( 13 - 8 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Angels have lost five of six . Haren ( 13 - 8 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Angels have lost five of six . Haren ( 13 - 8 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- James Shields and the Tampa Bay Rays did n't have much to do with that . Shields pitched eight shutout innings , Johnny Damon homered and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Texas Rangers 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Shields ( 13 - 10 ) struck out seven and walked one in eight innings to win his third straight start . He struck out seven and walked one . Shields ( 13 - 10 ) struck out seven and walked one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in his last five starts against the Rangers , who have lost six of seven . Shields ( 13 - 10 ) struck out seven and walked one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Shields ( 13 - 10 ) struck out seven and walked one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts against the Rangers . Kyle Farnsworth gave up an RBI single to David Murphy with two outs in the ninth before striking out Mike Napoli to end the game . Texas starter Alexi Ogando ( 12 - 7 ) gave up three runs and five hits in 2 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander struck out three , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . Johnny Damon hit a solo homer off Koji Uehara in the seventh to make it 4 - 0 . Texas starter Alexi Ogando ( 12 - 7 ) gave up three runs and five hits in 2 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander struck out three and walked two .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are making their first trip to Los Angeles since the All-Star break , and they 're not going to have a winning formula for the defending NL West champions . Rod Barajas hit a two - run homer , Rod Barajas added a two - run shot and the Dodgers beat the San Diego Padres 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Ted Lilly ( 9 - 13 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings , striking out three and walking four . Javy Guerra worked the ninth for his 13th save in 15 chances . Wade LeBlanc ( 2 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in six innings , struck out three and walked one . The right - hander had an RBI single in the first , a two - run homer in the second and a run - scoring single in the fourth . Ted Lilly ( 9 - 13 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out three and walked four . Javy Guerra worked the ninth for his 13th save in 15 chances . Wade LeBlanc ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings , struck out three and walked one . The right - hander had an RBI single in the first , a two - run homer in the second inning and a run - scoring single in the fourth . LeBlanc ( 2 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in six innings , struck out three and walked one . The right - hander also hit an RBI double in the sixth inning , giving the Dodgers a 4 - 1 lead .
NEW YORK -- R. A. Dickey and the New York Mets ' R. A. Dickey did n't need much help . Dickey pitched seven innings of seven - hit ball , R. A. Dickey pitched seven sharp innings and the Mets beat the Florida Marlins 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 6 - 11 ) allowed seven hits , walked one and struck out six . Dickey ( 6 - 11 ) allowed seven hits , walked one and struck out six . Bobby Parnell gave up Gaby Sanchez 's leadoff homer in the ninth before finishing for his second save . Anibal Sanchez ( 7 - 7 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Gaby Sanchez hit a solo homer off Bobby Parnell in the ninth , and Gaby Sanchez hit a solo shot off Bobby Parnell in the ninth . Parnell retired the side in the ninth for his second save . Anibal Sanchez ( 7 - 7 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings for the Marlins . He struck out five and walked four . Gaby Sanchez hit a solo homer off Dickey in the ninth , and Gaby Sanchez hit a solo shot off Bobby Parnell in the ninth . Parnell retired the side in the ninth for his second save . Sanchez ( 7 - 7 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked four . Sanchez hit a leadoff homer in the ninth off Mets closer Bobby Parnell , who got his second save in seven chances . Sanchez allowed two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked four .
SEATTLE -- Tyler Flowers had a big night for the Chicago White Sox . Flowers hit a three - run homer and Gavin Floyd pitched into the eighth inning to lead the White Sox to a 9 - 3 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . Flowers hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning off Jason Vargas ( 7 - 12 ) , who gave up 10 hits and nine runs in 5 2/3 innings . Floyd ( 12 - 10 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Floyd ( 12 - 10 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . Josh Bard hit a two - run homer and Josh Bard added a two - run shot for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Vargas ( 7 - 12 ) gave up 10 hits and nine runs in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . It was the second time this season the Mariners have been swept in a three - game series . The White Sox have won seven of their last 10 games . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . Floyd ( 12 - 10 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants have n't had much success against the Houston Astros this season . Carlos Beltran hit an RBI single with two outs in the 10th inning , and the Giants beat the Astros 2 - 1 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Mark DeRosa led off the 10th with a single off Fernando Rodriguez ( 2 - 3 ) and went to third on Mike Fontenot 's single . Wilton Lopez relieved Fernando Rodriguez ( 2 - 3 ) and gave up an RBI single to Carlos Beltran . Jeremy Affeldt ( 3 - 2 ) got the final two outs of the 10th to earn the win . Jeremy Affeldt ( 3 - 2 ) got two outs in the 10th to earn the win . Guillermo Mota , Guillermo Mota and Guillermo Mota each pitched a scoreless inning for San Francisco . Jeremy Affeldt ( 3 - 2 ) got the final two outs of the 10th to earn the win . Guillermo Mota , Guillermo Mota and Guillermo Mota each pitched a scoreless inning to complete the five - hitter . Brett Myers allowed one run and two hits in seven innings for the Astros . He struck out seven and walked three . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI groundout by Jeff Keppinger . Surkamp allowed a run and two hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked three . Surkamp allowed one run and two hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked three . Surkamp allowed one run and two hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked three . Surkamp allowed one run and two hits in six innings .
CHICAGO -- Blake DeWitt 's pinch - hit RBI single in the 10th inning lifted the Chicago Cubs to a 5 - 4 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Darwin Barney and Darwin Barney also homered for the Cubs , who have won four of five . Sean Marshall ( 6 - 5 ) pitched a perfect 10th for the win . Yadier Molina hit a two - run homer and Yadier Molina hit a two - run shot for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Sean Marshall ( 6 - 5 ) pitched a perfect 10th for the win . Yadier Molina hit a two - run homer and David Freese also went deep for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Sean Marshall ( 6 - 5 ) pitched a perfect 10th for the win . Yadier Molina hit a two - run homer in the second , and David Freese added a solo shot in the fourth to make it 4 - 1 . David Freese hit a solo homer in the fourth to make it 4 - 1 . It was the first home run by a Cardinals pitcher since Chris Carpenter did it for the Chicago White Sox in July 2006 . Wells , who had won his previous three starts , gave up four runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked three . Wells gave up four runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked three . Jaime Garcia gave up three runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings for St. Louis . He struck out one , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Torii Hunter and the Los Angeles Angels are on their way to a division title . Hunter hit two home runs and drove in five runs , Dan Haren pitched seven solid innings and the Angels beat the Baltimore Orioles 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Hunter hit a three - run homer off Jo-Jo Reyes ( 6 - 10 ) in the first inning and added a two - run shot in the seventh , giving the Angels a 7 - 3 lead . Hunter added a two - run shot off Willie Eyre in the seventh for the Angels , who have won five of their last six games . Haren ( 13 - 6 ) allowed three runs and nine hits in seven innings , struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the third time this season . Jo-Jo Reyes ( 6 - 10 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . The right - hander struck out six and walked three . The Orioles have lost five of their last six games . The Orioles have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Haren ( 13 - 6 ) allowed three runs and nine hits in seven innings , struck out eight and walked none . The right - hander struck out eight , walked none and lowered his ERA to 2.98 . Jo-Jo Reyes ( 6 - 10 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . The right - hander struck out six and walked three . The Orioles got a run back in the fifth when Matt Wieters doubled in a run and scored on Jones ' sacrifice fly .
ATLANTA -- Carlos Pena and the Chicago Cubs are on a roll . Pena hit a tiebreaking two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Chicago Cubs beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Pena hit a sacrifice fly in the sixth and scored on Tyler Colvin 's two - run single to give the Cubs a 6 - 5 lead . John Grabow ( 3 - 0 ) gave up an unearned run in the sixth , and Carlos Marmol worked the ninth for his 28th save . Michael Bourn had three hits and drove in two runs for the Braves , who have lost four of five . John Grabow ( 3 - 0 ) gave up an unearned run in the sixth . Carlos Marmol worked the ninth for his 28th save . Michael Bourn had three hits and two RBIs for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Michael Bourn had three hits and two RBIs for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Michael Bourn had three hits and two RBIs for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Michael Bourn had three hits and two RBIs for the Braves , who have lost three of four . John Grabow ( 3 - 0 ) gave up an unearned run in the sixth . Carlos Marmol worked the ninth for his 28th save . Michael Bourn had three hits and two RBIs for the Braves , who have lost three of four . Michael Bourn had three hits and two RBIs for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Michael Bourn had three hits and two RBIs for the Braves , who have lost three of four . Michael Bourn had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the second . Bourn had a run - scoring single in the fourth .
TORONTO -- Jered Weaver 's first loss of the season came at Rogers Centre . Adam Lind hit a grand slam , Ricky Romero pitched seven strong innings and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Los Angeles Angels 11 - 2 on Tuesday night . Weaver ( 14 - 6 ) allowed eight runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked two and struck out three . Weaver ( 14 - 6 ) allowed eight runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . Weaver ( 14 - 6 ) allowed eight runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . Weaver ( 14 - 6 ) allowed eight runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . Weaver ( 14 - 6 ) allowed eight runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked two and struck out three . Weaver ( 14 - 6 ) allowed eight runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . Weaver ( 14 - 6 ) allowed eight runs , eight earned , and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Blue Jays jumped on Weaver for three runs in the first . Yunel Escobar led off with a double and scored on John McDonald 's double . Encarnacion followed with a two - run homer to left , his 15th . Weaver ( 14 - 6 ) allowed eight runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three .
PHILADELPHIA -- Livan Hernandez did n't need much run support for the Washington Nationals . Hernandez pitched 6 2/3 innings of four - hit ball and drove in two runs , leading the Nationals to a 4 - 2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Hernandez ( 7 - 11 ) allowed an unearned run and four hits in 6 2/3 innings , striking out three and walking one . Cole Hamels ( 13 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out five . Hamels ( 13 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out five . Hamels ( 13 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out five . Hamels ( 13 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out five . Hamels ( 13 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out five . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Jayson Werth 's RBI single and Jayson Werth 's run - scoring single . Hamels ( 13 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out five . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Rick Ankiel and a run - scoring single by Jayson Werth . The Nationals cut it to 2 - 1 in the second on an RBI single by Wilson Valdez , but the Nationals made it 2 - 0 in the second on Jayson Werth 's RBI single .
CHICAGO -- Cubs manager Lou Piniella was n't happy with his team 's latest win . Alfonso Soriano hit a go - ahead homer in the sixth inning and the Cubs beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight win . The Cubs have won six of their last seven and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Rodrigo Lopez ( 3 - 3 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and five hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Cubs . Carlos Marmol struck out the side in the ninth for his 25th save in 29 chances . Ross Detwiler ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Rodrigo Lopez ( 3 - 3 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Carlos Marmol struck out the side in the ninth for his 25th save in 29 chances . Ross Detwiler ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Ryan Zimmerman led off with a double and scored on Werth 's first - inning homer . The Nationals tied it in the bottom half on Johnson 's leadoff homer . The Cubs tied it in the bottom half on Johnson 's leadoff homer . The Cubs tied it in the bottom of the inning on Johnson 's leadoff homer . The Cubs tied it in the bottom half on Johnson 's leadoff homer . The Cubs tied it at 1 in the second on Soto 's leadoff homer . The Cubs tied it at 1 in the second on Soto 's leadoff homer .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Matt Joyce and the Tampa Bay Rays took advantage of the Kansas City Royals ' late - inning rally to beat the Royals 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Joyce hit a solo homer in the fifth inning and drove in the tying run with a single in the eighth . The Rays , who have lost four of five , took a 7 - 3 lead in the top of the ninth on Johnny Giavotella 's RBI triple and a sacrifice fly by Salvador Perez . Jake McGee ( 1 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up two runs in one - third of an inning . Melky Cabrera had a career - high five RBIs , including a three - run homer , and five RBIs for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Jake McGee ( 1 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up two runs in the ninth . Melky Cabrera had a career - high five RBIs , including a three - run homer , and five RBIs for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Royals starter Wade Davis gave up four runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Tampa Bay starter Wade Davis gave up four runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Tampa Bay starter Wade Davis gave up four runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Davis gave up four runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Royals took a 4 - 2 lead in the seventh on Salvador Perez 's sacrifice fly .
NEW YORK -- Bobby Abreu had a big night at the plate . Abreu hit a pair of two - run homers , including a two - run shot off Mariano Rivera in the ninth inning , and the Los Angeles Angels beat the New York Yankees 6 - 4 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight win . Abreu hit a two - run homer off Mariano Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) in the ninth inning and a two - run shot off Mariano Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) in the ninth to give the Angels a 6 - 4 lead . Abreu hit a two - run homer off Mariano Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) in the ninth inning and a two - run shot off Mariano Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) in the ninth to give the Angels a 6 - 4 lead . Abreu hit a two - run homer off Mariano Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) in the ninth inning and a two - run shot off Mariano Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) in the ninth . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Abreu , who hit a two - run shot off Mariano Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) in the ninth to give the Angels a 6 - 4 lead . It was Abreu 's second multihomer game of the season and second this season . He also had a two - run double in the sixth inning and a two - run homer in the ninth off Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) . Scott Downs ( 6 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth and Jordan Walden got three outs for his 26th save in 30 chances . Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up a two - run homer to Abreu in the ninth . Scott Downs ( 6 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Jordan Walden pitched the ninth for his 26th save in 30 chances . Curtis Granderson homered in the first for the Yankees , who have lost three straight and six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost five of six . The Yankees have lost five of six . The Yankees have lost five of six . The Yankees have lost five of six . The Yankees have lost six of seven .
PHOENIX -- Ian Kennedy has been one of the best pitchers in the major leagues this season . Kennedy pitched seven effective innings , Kelly Johnson hit a two - run homer and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Kennedy ( 14 - 3 ) allowed three runs and six hits in seven innings , striking out three and walking one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.70 ERA in his last four starts . Kennedy ( 14 - 3 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked one . J. J. Putz pitched a perfect ninth for his 26th save in 31 chances . Kershaw ( 13 - 5 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked three . James Loney homered for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Kershaw ( 13 - 5 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked three . James Loney homered for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Kershaw ( 13 - 5 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked three . James Loney homered for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Kershaw ( 13 - 5 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked three . James Loney homered for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Kershaw allowed four runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked three .
MIAMI -- The St. Louis Cardinals ' offense has been a problem for the Cardinals . Matt Holliday hit a tiebreaking two - run single in the sixth inning , Matt Holliday had three RBIs and the Cardinals beat the Florida Marlins 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Albert Pujols and Albert Pujols hit solo home runs for the Cardinals , who won for the sixth time in seven games . Albert Pujols and Albert Pujols hit solo home runs for the Cardinals , who won for the sixth time in seven games . Mitchell Boggs ( 2 - 3 ) allowed two runs in one inning for the win . Mitchell Boggs ( 2 - 3 ) gave up two runs in the sixth to earn his first win since July 29 , 2011 , when he was with the Chicago Cubs . Mitchell Boggs ( 2 - 3 ) gave up two runs in the sixth to earn his first win since Aug. 2 , 2011 , against the New York Mets . The Marlins ' Javier Vazquez allowed three hits and four runs -- two earned -- in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . Florida starter Jaime Garcia gave up two runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked three . Florida starter Jaime Garcia allowed two runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked three . Florida starter Jaime Garcia gave up two runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked three . Jaime Garcia gave up two runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked three . Jaime Garcia gave up two runs and six hits in five innings .
CHICAGO -- Ryan Dempster has been a big part of the Chicago Cubs ' rotation . Dempster pitched six effective innings , Tony Campana homered and drove in a pair of runs and the Cubs beat the Cincinnati Reds 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Dempster ( 9 - 8 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked six . Dempster ( 9 - 8 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked six . Carlos Marmol pitched the ninth for his 24th save in 29 chances . Mike Leake ( 9 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings for the Reds . He struck out five and walked three . Leake ( 9 - 7 ) gave up six hits and three runs in six - plus innings . He struck out five and walked three . Leake ( 9 - 7 ) gave up six hits and three runs in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Colvin , his 16th of the season . The Reds cut it to 3 - 2 in the fourth on Yonder Alonso 's two - out single and a wild pitch , but Dempster got out of the jam by getting Hernandez to hit into an inning - ending double play . The Reds cut it to 3 - 2 in the fourth when Todd Frazier walked , stole second and scored on Leake 's wild pitch . The Reds cut it to 3 - 2 in the fourth when Todd Frazier walked , stole second and scored on Leake 's wild pitch .
HOUSTON -- Milwaukee Brewers manager Ron Roenicke was happy to see Yovani Gallardo ( 13 - 7 ) get the win . Gallardo pitched eight innings of four - hit ball , Jonathan Lucroy hit a two - run single and the Brewers beat the Houston Astros 8 - 1 on Tuesday night . Gallardo ( 13 - 7 ) allowed one run and four hits in eight innings . He struck out six and walked one . Gallardo ( 13 - 7 ) allowed one run and four hits in eight innings . He struck out six and walked one . Gallardo ( 13 - 7 ) allowed one run and four hits in eight innings . He struck out six and walked one . Gallardo ( 13 - 7 ) allowed one earned run and four hits in eight innings . He struck out six and walked one . Gallardo ( 13 - 7 ) allowed one earned run and four hits in eight innings . He struck out six and walked one . Gallardo ( 13 - 7 ) allowed one earned run and four hits in eight innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Brewers jumped on Happ ( 4 - 14 ) for three runs in the first inning . Jerry Hairston Jr. led off with a double and scored on a double by Casey McGehee to make it 1 - 0 . Casey McGehee followed with a two - run single to make it 3 - 0 . Happ ( 4 - 14 ) allowed seven hits and six runs in four - plus innings . He struck out two and walked three . Happ ( 4 - 14 ) gave up seven hits and six runs in four - plus innings . He struck out two .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Cliff Lee did n't need much run support for the Philadelphia Phillies . Lee pitched a seven - hitter for his first career shutout , Hunter Pence hit a solo home run and the Phillies beat the San Francisco Giants 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Lee ( 11 - 7 ) struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Lee ( 11 - 7 ) struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Phillies have won four of five . Lee ( 11 - 7 ) allowed seven hits and struck out eight . He threw 76 of his 106 pitches for strikes . He struck out eight , walked none and lowered his ERA to 2.96 . John Mayberry Jr. also homered for the Phillies . Madison Bumgarner ( 6 - 11 ) gave up two runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out nine and walked two . Bumgarner ( 6 - 11 ) gave up two runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out nine and walked two . The Giants have lost four of five . Bumgarner ( 6 - 11 ) gave up two runs and six hits in eight innings . He walked two and struck out nine . The Giants have lost six of seven .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Ryan Vogelsong has been a big part of the San Francisco Giants ' rotation . Cody Ross hit a tiebreaking two - run double in the fifth inning , Cody Ross added a two - run double and the Giants beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 8 - 1 on Tuesday night . Vogelsong ( 9 - 1 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings , struck out seven and walked three . The right - hander has gone at least six innings in each of his five starts this season . The Giants have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Jason Marquis ( 8 - 6 ) gave up eight runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . Orlando Cabrera hit a two - run double and Orlando Cabrera added a two - run double for the Giants , who have won four of five . Jason Marquis ( 8 - 6 ) allowed eight runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander struck out one and walked one in his second straight loss . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . Marquis ( 8 - 6 ) gave up a season - high eight runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings . He walked one and struck out one . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . Marquis ( 8 - 6 ) allowed eight runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings . He walked one and struck out one .
DENVER -- John Mayberry Jr. 's first career pinch - hit home run put the Philadelphia Phillies ahead to stay . Mayberry hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the ninth inning to lift the Phillies to a 4 - 3 win over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Shane Victorino and John Mayberry Jr. hit back - to - back home runs in the 10th inning off Rex Brothers ( 1 - 2 ) to give the Phillies a 4 - 3 lead . Mayberry 's pinch - hit , two - run homer in the ninth off Rex Brothers ( 1 - 2 ) gave the Phillies a 3 - 1 lead . It was Mayberry 's first pinch - hit homer of the season . Antonio Bastardo ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . Ryan Madson pitched a perfect 10th for his 19th save in 21 chances . Seth Smith hit a two - run homer for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Seth Smith hit a two - run homer for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Jhoulys Chacin allowed one run and six hits in 7 1/3 innings for the Rockies . He struck out two and walked two . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second when Ty Wigginton doubled and scored on a two - run homer by Seth Smith . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second when Iannetta led off with a double and scored on Smith 's two - out , two - run homer to center . Smith 's two - run shot off Hamels in the second gave the Rockies a 2 - 0 lead .
NEW YORK -- Miguel Batista and the rest of the New York Mets have been waiting for him to get back on track . Batista pitched a two - hitter for his first major league shutout and the Mets beat the Cincinnati Reds 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Batista ( 5 - 2 ) struck out five and walked two in his second career shutout and third complete game this season . He threw 76 of 123 pitches for strikes and struck out five . Mike Baxter hit a two - run homer for the Mets , who have won four of five . Edinson Volquez ( 5 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Volquez ( 5 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Volquez ( 5 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Volquez ( 5 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Volquez ( 5 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Volquez allowed three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Volquez allowed three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Volquez allowed three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Volquez allowed three runs and six hits in seven innings .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Matt Joyce hit a go - ahead , three - run homer off Rafael Soriano in the seventh inning , and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the New York Yankees 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Ben Zobrist hit a two - run homer and Ben Zobrist also went deep for the Rays , who have won four of five . Kyle Farnsworth pitched the ninth for his 25th save . Ben Zobrist hit a two - run homer and Ben Zobrist also went deep for the Rays . Jake Soriano ( 2 - 3 ) gave up a homer to Ben Zobrist in the seventh . Jake McGee ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win . Kyle Farnsworth pitched a perfect ninth for his 25th save in 27 opportunities . The Yankees , who have lost six of seven , remained 1 1/2 games behind Baltimore for the second AL wild - card spot . New York has lost four of five . Jake McGee ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win . Kyle Farnsworth pitched the ninth for his 25th save in 27 chances . Tampa Bay starter Jeremy Hellickson gave up three runs and six hits in six - plus innings . He walked five and struck out one . Tampa Bay starter Jeremy Hellickson gave up three runs and six hits in six - plus innings . He walked five and struck out one . Tampa Bay starter Jeremy Hellickson gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out one . Tampa Bay starter Jeremy Hellickson gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out one .
DETROIT -- Doug Fister did n't need much help from his teammates . Fister pitched eight innings of three - hit ball , Delmon Young hit a three - run homer and the Detroit Tigers routed the Cleveland Indians 14 - 0 on Tuesday night . Fister ( 11 - 13 ) allowed three hits and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Fister ( 11 - 13 ) struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 10 - 13 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in five innings for the Indians , who have lost three of four . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a major league - best 16 - 4 since the All-Star break . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 10 - 13 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in five innings . Andy Dirks had three hits and drove in three runs for the Tigers . Andy Dirks had three hits and drove in three runs for the Tigers . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 10 - 13 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in five innings . He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Indians scored four runs in the eighth off reliever Josh Judy , including a three - run homer by Delmon Young . The Tigers scored four runs in the eighth to make it 8 - 0 . Andy Dirks hit a two - run double and Ryan Raburn added a two - run double . The Tigers added four runs in the eighth against reliever Josh Judy .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Josh Hamilton and the rest of the Texas Rangers ' starting lineup had a big hit . Beltre hit a two - run homer in the second inning , Matt Harrison pitched six effective innings and the Rangers beat the Seattle Mariners 5 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Rangers have won five of their last six games and moved within three games of the first - place Los Angeles Angels in the AL West . Hamilton 's homer in the third inning gave the Rangers a 3 - 0 lead , and Craig Gentry added a two - run shot in the fourth to make it 5 - 0 . Beltre 's two - run shot in the fourth gave Texas a 5 - 0 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Vasquez ( 1 - 5 ) , who gave up five runs and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last seven starts . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games .
PHILADELPHIA -- Brad Peacock has been the Washington Nationals ' ace . Michael Morse hit a three - run homer , Peacock pitched 5 2/3 innings of one - hit ball and the Nationals beat the Philadelphia Phillies 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Peacock ( 2 - 0 ) allowed one hit , walked two and struck out two in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander had been 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in his previous four starts . Peacock ( 2 - 0 ) allowed one hit in 5 2/3 innings , striking out two and walking two . The Phillies have lost four of five . Oswalt ( 8 - 10 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Phillies have lost four of five . Oswalt ( 8 - 10 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Phillies have lost four of five . Oswalt ( 8 - 10 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . The Phillies have lost four of five . Philadelphia has lost four of five . Carlos Ruiz went 3 - for - 4 with a double and an RBI for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Philadelphia has lost four of five . The Phillies have lost four of five . Philadelphia has lost four of five . The Phillies have lost four of five . The Phillies have lost four of five . Philadelphia has lost four of five .
DETROIT -- The Baltimore Orioles have n't been able to do much better against the Detroit Tigers this season . Adam Jones hit a two - run homer , J. J. Hardy and J. J. Hardy also went deep and the Orioles beat the Tigers 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Britton ( 11 - 10 ) allowed five runs and six hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out one . Kevin Gregg pitched the ninth for his 21st save in 23 chances . David Pauley ( 5 - 6 ) took the loss , giving up two hits and a run in two innings . Kevin Gregg pitched a perfect ninth for his 21st save in 23 chances . David Pauley ( 5 - 6 ) took the loss , giving up two hits and a run in two innings . Kevin Gregg pitched a perfect ninth for his 21st save in 23 chances . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Vladimir Guerrero . Hardy led off the fourth with a homer , and Nolan Reimold 's sacrifice fly made it 5 - 0 in the fourth . The Tigers tied it in the bottom of the inning on Young 's three - run homer . The Tigers tied it in the bottom of the inning on Young 's three - run homer . The Tigers tied it at 5 in the bottom of the fifth . Brandon Inge drew a one - out walk and scored on Magglio Ordonez 's single . Magglio Ordonez followed with an RBI single , and Young followed with a three - run homer to tie it at 5 . The Tigers tied it in the bottom of the inning on Young 's three - run homer , his 28th of the season .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Ian Kinsler and the rest of the Texas Rangers are going to have a winning streak . Kinsler hit a go - ahead homer in the eighth inning and the Rangers beat the Oakland Athletics 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Kinsler homered off Grant Balfour ( 4 - 2 ) leading off the eighth to tie the game at 2 - 2 . Kinsler followed with a drive off Grant Balfour ( 4 - 2 ) . Koji Uehara ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a perfect eighth and Neftali Feliz got three outs for his 29th save in 31 chances . The A 's lost for the sixth time in seven games and fell a season - high 10 games under .500 . Koji Uehara ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Neftali Feliz pitched the ninth for his 29th save in 31 chances . Brandon Allen and Jemile Weeks each drove in a run for the A 's , who have lost four of five . McCarthy allowed one run and six hits in seven innings , struck out one and did n't walk a batter . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts and has a 3.26 ERA over that span . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Michael Young doubled and scored on Weeks ' double - play grounder . Weeks had two hits , including an RBI single in the fifth that put the A 's up 2 - 1 . McCarthy allowed one run and six hits in seven innings , struck out one and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career .
MIAMI -- Randall Delgado was making his first start of the season at the start of the season . Delgado pitched five scoreless innings , Freddie Freeman homered and the Atlanta Braves beat the Florida Marlins 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Delgado ( 1 - 1 ) allowed five hits , walked two and struck out one in five - plus innings . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.70 ERA in three starts against the Marlins this season . Martin Prado had three hits and drove in a run for the Braves , who won for the fifth time in six games . Anibal Sanchez ( 8 - 9 ) allowed three runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Marlins scored three runs in the second inning to take a 3 - 0 lead . Jason Heyward led off with a double and scored on Martin Prado 's double . Martin Prado followed with a run - scoring double and Martin Prado followed with a run - scoring single to make it 3 - 0 . The Braves scored twice in the second to take a 3 - 0 lead . Jason Heyward led off with a walk , stole second and scored on Martin Prado 's double . Prado followed with an RBI double to make it 2 - 0 . Martin Prado followed with a run - scoring double , and Prado 's run - scoring single made it 3 - 0 . Gonzalez homered in the sixth , and Gonzalez homered off Brian Sanches to make it 4 - 0 in the sixth . It was Freeman 's first home run since July 26 . The Braves scored three runs in the second inning . Gonzalez led off with a home run , and Prado followed with an RBI double to make it 2 - 0 . Prado followed with an RBI double to make it 3 - 0 . Sanchez allowed three runs and five hits in five innings .
PHILADELPHIA -- The St. Louis Cardinals have been waiting for Roy Halladay to find a way to beat the Philadelphia Phillies . Lance Berkman homered and drove in two runs , Kyle Lohse pitched into the eighth inning and the Cardinals beat the Phillies 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Lohse ( 14 - 8 ) allowed an unearned run and seven hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . Lohse ( 14 - 8 ) allowed an unearned run and seven hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . Octavio Dotel got the final out for his third save . Halladay ( 18 - 6 ) gave up four runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out six and walked four . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring groundout by Albert Pujols and a two - out RBI single by Albert Pujols . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Berkman 's RBI groundout and Albert Pujols ' run - scoring single . The Phillies took a 3 - 1 lead in the third . Rafael Furcal led off with a double and scored on Albert Pujols ' single . Berkman followed with his 14th homer to make it 2 - 0 . The Phillies cut the deficit to 2 - 1 in the second on Jimmy Rollins ' RBI single , and Jimmy Rollins ' RBI single in the bottom of the second cut the deficit to 2 - 1 . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring groundout by Albert Pujols and a two - out RBI single by Albert Pujols . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring groundout by Albert Pujols and a two - out RBI single by Albert Pujols . The Phillies cut it to 2 - 1 in the second on Ruiz 's RBI single .
BALTIMORE -- The Los Angeles Angels are n't going to be in the playoffs for the first time this season . Erick Aybar homered twice and drove in a career - high five runs , and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Baltimore Orioles 11 - 2 on Tuesday night . Jered Weaver ( 18 - 7 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings for the Angels , who moved within two games of the first - place Orioles in the AL West . Weaver ( 18 - 7 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings , striking out two and walking one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts and is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Weaver ( 18 - 7 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings , striking out two and walking one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts and is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . The Angels have won seven of their last 10 games . Vladimir Guerrero homered and drove in two runs for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Vladimir Guerrero homered and drove in two runs for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Vladimir Guerrero homered and drove in two runs for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Vladimir Guerrero homered and drove in two runs for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Vladimir Guerrero homered and drove in two runs for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Vladimir Guerrero homered and drove in two runs for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the first inning . Jeff Mathis led off with a double and scored on a double by Kendrick . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jeff Mathis led off with a double and scored on a double by Kendrick . Baltimore loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but Weaver got Josh Bell to fly out to end the threat .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Cleveland Indians have been waiting for Shelley Duncan to come through in a big way . Duncan hit a go - ahead , two - run double in the seventh inning and Justin Masterson pitched six solid innings to lead the Indians to a 6 - 5 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Justin Masterson ( 12 - 10 ) gave up three runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in six innings for the Indians . Chris Perez pitched the ninth for his 34th save in 37 chances . Carl Pavano ( 8 - 13 ) gave up four runs -- one earned -- and five hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . The Twins have lost five of six and are a major league - worst 51 - 41 . They have lost five of six . Carl Pavano ( 8 - 13 ) gave up four runs -- one earned -- and five hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Twins . He struck out six and walked one . The Twins have lost five of six and are a major league - worst 51 - 28 since July 31 . The Twins have lost five of their last six games . The Twins have lost five of six . The Twins have lost five of six . The Twins have lost five of six . The Twins have lost five of six . The Twins have lost five of six . The Twins have lost five of six . The Twins have lost five of six . The Twins have lost five of six . The Twins have lost four of five .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Justin Verlander did n't need much run support for the Detroit Tigers . Verlander pitched eight innings of three - hit ball and Austin Jackson homered to lead the Detroit Tigers to a 3 - 0 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 24 - 5 ) struck out six and walked three in eight scoreless innings . He struck out six and walked three . Verlander ( 24 - 5 ) struck out six and walked three in eight innings . Jose Valverde pitched the ninth for his 46th save in 48 chances . Guillermo Moscoso ( 8 - 9 ) allowed one run and one hit in six innings . He struck out a career - high eight and walked two . Moscoso ( 8 - 9 ) allowed one run and one hit in six innings . He struck out a career - high eight and walked two . Moscoso ( 8 - 9 ) allowed one run and one hit in six innings . He struck out a career - high eight and walked two . Moscoso ( 8 - 9 ) allowed one run and one hit in six innings . He struck out a career - high eight and walked two . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Jackson led off with a homer to right - center . The A 's had runners on first and second with one out in the fourth , but Verlander got Jemile Weeks to hit into a double play and struck out Chris Carter to end the inning . Moscoso gave up one run and one hit in six innings . He struck out a career - high eight and walked two .
WASHINGTON -- Donnie Murphy 's first home run of the season gave the Florida Marlins a three - run lead in the 13th inning , and the Florida Marlins beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Donnie Murphy hit a two - run homer and Donnie Murphy added a two - run shot for the Marlins , who have won four of five . Clay Hensley ( 5 - 6 ) struck out the side in the 13th to earn the win . Leo Nunez got three outs for his major league - leading 36th save . Clay Hensley ( 5 - 6 ) struck out the side in the 13th to earn the win . Leo Nunez got three outs for his major league - leading 36th save . Clay Hensley ( 5 - 6 ) struck out the side in the 13th to earn the win . Leo Nunez got three outs for his major league - leading 36th save in 38 chances . The Nationals have lost five of six . Clay Hensley ( 5 - 6 ) struck out the side in the 13th to earn the win . Leo Nunez got three outs for his major league - leading 36th save in 38 chances . The Nationals have lost five of six and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost five of six . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost five of six . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost five of six . Washington 's Chris Volstad ( 5 - 5 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked two .
CINCINNATI -- Brandon Phillips had a chance to get his first game - ending hit in the majors . Phillips hit a two - run homer in the 11th inning , and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Chicago Cubs 8 - 6 on Tuesday night . Phillips hit a solo homer off James Russell ( 1 - 6 ) in the bottom of the inning , giving the Reds a 6 - 4 lead . It was the first game - ending hit of the season for Bruce , who hit a two - run homer off James Russell ( 1 - 6 ) in the bottom of the 11th to give the Reds a 6 - 4 lead . Nick Masset ( 3 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless 11th inning for the win . Chris Heisey hit a two - run homer off James Russell ( 1 - 6 ) , who gave up two hits and two runs in two - thirds of an inning . Nick Masset ( 3 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless 11th for the win . Chris Heisey hit a two - run homer off James Russell ( 1 - 6 ) , who gave up two runs in two - thirds of an inning . Nick Masset ( 3 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless 11th inning for the win . The Cubs took a 4 - 0 lead in the first inning on Marlon Byrd 's two - run homer and a two - run shot by Carlos Pena . The Reds took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Marlon Byrd and a two - run shot by Carlos Pena . The Reds took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Byrd and a two - run shot by Carlos Pena . The Reds took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Byrd and a two - run shot by Byrd , his 22nd of the season .
BALTIMORE -- The Tampa Bay Rays have been waiting for Jeremy Guthrie to get a win . Guthrie pitched seven innings of three - hit ball , Chris Davis hit a three - run homer and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Guthrie ( 8 - 17 ) allowed two runs and three hits in seven innings , walking three and striking out a season - high 10 . Jim Johnson worked the ninth for his sixth save . Wade Davis ( 10 - 9 ) gave up four runs , seven hits and two walks in 6 1/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Rays took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth . B. J. Upton drew a leadoff walk , Ben Zobrist walked and Matt Joyce hit a two - run double . Matt Joyce hit a two - run double in the fourth to give the Rays a 2 - 1 lead . The Rays loaded the bases with no outs in the second before Guthrie struck out Casey Kotchman and Casey Kotchman . Baltimore tied it in the fourth . B. J. Upton drew a leadoff walk , stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch before scoring on a double by Matt Joyce . Joyce hit a two - out drive in the bottom half to give the Orioles a 4 - 2 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Davis this season . In the bottom half , Reimold hit a 1 - 1 pitch into the left - field seats . It was the first home run allowed by Davis this season . In the bottom half , Reimold hit a 1 - 1 pitch into the left - field seats .
MILWAUKEE -- Roy Halladay did n't need much run support for the Philadelphia Phillies . Halladay pitched eight innings of four - hit ball , Ryan Howard hit a three - run homer and the Phillies beat the Milwaukee Brewers 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Halladay ( 17 - 5 ) allowed one run and four hits in eight innings . He struck out nine and walked three . Ryan Madson pitched the ninth for his 29th save in 34 chances . Halladay ( 17 - 5 ) allowed one run and four hits in eight innings . He struck out nine and walked three . Ryan Madson pitched the ninth for his 29th save in 34 chances . Shaun Marcum ( 12 - 6 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Marcum ( 12 - 6 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out two . Marcum ( 12 - 6 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out two . The Brewers have lost four of five . Marcum ( 12 - 6 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out two . The Brewers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a three - run homer by Howard , his 21st of the season . The Brewers added a run in the seventh on a two - out RBI single by Raul Ibanez . Marcum ( 12 - 6 ) allowed five runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out two .
MILWAUKEE -- Cole Hamels did n't need much run support for the Philadelphia Phillies . Hamels pitched a four - hitter , Hunter Pence had a two - run triple and the Phillies beat the Milwaukee Brewers 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hamels ( 14 - 7 ) allowed two runs and four hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out two and walked two in his second complete game of the season . The right - hander improved to 4 - 0 in five career starts against the Brewers . Chris Narveson ( 10 - 7 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Milwaukee starter Chris Narveson ( 10 - 7 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He is 0 - 4 with a 7.71 ERA in his last five starts . Milwaukee 's Chris Narveson ( 10 - 7 ) lasted 5 2/3 innings , giving up six runs and seven hits . He struck out two and walked two . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on Yuniesky Betancourt 's first homer of the season , a solo shot to left - center . Betancourt homered in the sixth to make it 6 - 2 . It was Betancourt 's third homer of the season and second in two days . Brewers starter Chris Narveson ( 10 - 7 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts and is 0 - 4 with a 7.71 ERA in his last five starts . Narveson gave up six runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings .
WASHINGTON -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have been waiting for Juan Rivera to come through in a big way . Rivera had a two - run double in the first inning and a two - run double in the ninth inning , helping the Dodgers beat the Washington Nationals 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Tony Gwynn Jr. hit a two - run double off Drew Storen ( 6 - 3 ) , and Tony Gwynn Jr. hit a two - run double off Drew Storen ( 6 - 3 ) to give the Dodgers a 6 - 4 lead . Tony Gwynn Jr. hit a two - run double off Storen ( 6 - 3 ) , and Tony Gwynn Jr. added a two - run double . Mike MacDougal ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . Javy Guerra pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save . Mike MacDougal ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Javy Guerra worked a perfect ninth for his 16th save . Mike MacDougal ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . Javy Guerra pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save . The Nationals have lost five of six . Mike MacDougal ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Javy Guerra worked a perfect ninth for his 16th save . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington 's Chien-Ming Wang allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter .
WASHINGTON -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have n't had much success at the plate this season . Andre Ethier hit a go - ahead two - run double in the eighth inning and the Dodgers beat the Washington Nationals 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Andre Ethier drove in four runs and Dee Gordon had three hits for the Dodgers , who have won three straight and five of six . Kenley Jansen ( 2 - 1 ) struck out the side in the ninth to earn the win . Dodgers starter Ted Lilly allowed three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in five innings . He struck out nine and walked three . Dee Gordon had three hits and scored twice for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Kenley Jansen ( 2 - 1 ) struck out the side in the eighth for the win . Javy Guerra ( 2 - 1 ) struck out the side in the eighth for the win . Javy Guerra ( 2 - 1 ) struck out the side in the eighth for the win . Mike MacDougal and Mike MacDougal each pitched a scoreless inning for the Dodgers . Kenley Jansen ( 2 - 1 ) struck out the side in the eighth . Mike MacDougal and Mike MacDougal each pitched a scoreless inning to complete the shutout . The Nationals ' Ted Lilly gave up three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in five innings . He struck out nine and walked three . The Nationals took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on Wilson Ramos ' RBI double and Wilson Ramos ' run - scoring groundout . Lilly allowed three runs -- two earned -- four hits and three walks in five innings .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Philip Humber and the Chicago White Sox did n't need much run support for Philip Humber . Humber pitched seven shutout innings and the White Sox beat the Minnesota Twins 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Humber ( 9 - 8 ) gave up six hits , struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter . Chris Sale got the final out for his sixth save in seven chances . Anthony Swarzak ( 3 - 6 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in eight innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Anthony Swarzak ( 3 - 6 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in eight innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Anthony Swarzak ( 3 - 6 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in eight innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Swarzak gave up a run in the second inning on a fielder 's choice by Alexei Ramirez and a run - scoring double by Alexei Ramirez in the third . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Humber struck out Dunn and got Dayan Viciedo to ground into a double play . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Humber struck out Dunn and got Dayan Viciedo to fly out to end the threat . The Twins had runners on first and second with no outs in the fourth , but Humber struck out Dunn and got Dayan Viciedo to fly out to end the threat . The Twins had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Humber struck out Dunn and got Dayan Viciedo to fly out to end the threat .
DETROIT -- Andy Dirks hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning , and the Detroit Tigers routed the Chicago White Sox 18 - 2 on Tuesday night . Max Scherzer ( 14 - 8 ) allowed five hits and struck out six in seven innings of five - hit ball , and Andy Dirks hit a two - run homer for the Tigers , who have won three straight and six of seven . The Tigers have won six of their last seven games and have won six of their last seven . The Tigers have won six of their last seven games and have won six of their last seven . The Tigers have won six of their last seven games and have won six of their last seven . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . Buehrle ( 11 - 7 ) gave up eight runs -- seven earned -- and 10 hits in 3 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The White Sox have lost four of five . Buehrle ( 11 - 7 ) gave up eight runs -- seven earned -- and 10 hits in 3 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The White Sox have lost four of five . Buehrle ( 11 - 7 ) gave up eight runs -- seven earned -- and 10 hits in 3 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The White Sox have lost four of five . Buehrle ( 11 - 7 ) allowed eight runs -- seven earned -- and 10 hits in 3 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two .
ATLANTA -- Brooks Conrad came through with a pinch - hit , two - run single in the seventh inning to give the Atlanta Braves a 4 - 3 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Friday night . Conrad 's pinch - hit , two - run single off Josh Lindblom in the seventh tied it at 3 . Conrad , who had been on the disabled list with a strained lower back , had a pinch - hit , two - run single in the seventh . Craig Kimbrel ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Matt Kemp hit a three - run homer and Dee Gordon had three hits for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Randall Delgado allowed three runs and four hits in five innings for the Dodgers . He struck out four and walked three . Randall Delgado ( 4 - 1 ) gave up three runs and four hits in five innings for the Braves . He struck out four and walked three . The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the third . Dee Gordon led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on a throwing error by catcher David Ross . Kemp hit a 2 - 1 pitch into the left - field seats for his third homer of the season . Delgado allowed three runs and four hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out four . The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the third . Dee Gordon led off with a single , stole second , took third on a wild pitch and scored on Kershaw 's two - out single . Kemp 's homer in the third gave the Dodgers a 3 - 0 lead .
HOUSTON -- Milwaukee Brewers manager Ron Roenicke was happy to see his team get a chance to play in the NL wild - card game . Prince Fielder hit a tiebreaking two - run double in the seventh inning , and the Brewers beat the Houston Astros 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Prince Fielder drove in two runs for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Chris Narveson ( 10 - 6 ) allowed two runs and four hits in five innings for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Chris Narveson ( 10 - 6 ) allowed two runs and four hits in five innings for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Chris Narveson ( 10 - 6 ) allowed two runs and four hits in five innings for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Chris Narveson ( 10 - 6 ) allowed two runs and four hits in five innings for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Houston starter Chris Narveson ( 10 - 6 ) allowed four hits and two runs in five innings . He walked four and struck out four . Kameron Loe pitched two scoreless innings and Frankie De La Cruz pitched a scoreless ninth . Milwaukee starter Chris Narveson ( 10 - 6 ) allowed four hits and two runs in five innings . He walked four and struck out four . Kameron Loe pitched two scoreless innings and Frankie De La Cruz pitched a scoreless ninth . Milwaukee starter Chris Narveson ( 10 - 6 ) allowed four hits and two earned runs in five innings . He walked four and struck out four . Kameron Loe pitched two scoreless innings for Milwaukee .
WASHINGTON -- Tommy Milone did n't have his best stuff . The Washington Nationals ' right - hander gave up a home run to Jason Bay in the fourth inning , then gave up a two - run homer to Jason Bay in the sixth inning and a two - run homer to Jason Bay in the sixth that sent the Nationals to an 8 - 7 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Milone ( 5 - 5 ) pitched a perfect ninth to earn the win . The Nationals have won four of five and have the worst record in the majors . The Nationals have lost five of six . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Albert Pujols hit three home runs , and the St. Louis Cardinals finally found a way to beat the Texas Rangers . Pujols homered twice and drove in six runs , Yadier Molina drove in four runs and the Cardinals routed the Rangers 16 - 7 on Tuesday night . Pujols hit a solo homer in the first inning and a three - run shot in the sixth off reliever Michael Gonzalez , who was making his major league debut . He also had an RBI double in the fourth and a three - run homer in the sixth . Allen Craig and Allen Craig also homered for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Lance Lynn ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run in 2 1/3 innings for his first major league win . Lynn ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and three hits in 2 1/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . Nelson Cruz hit a two - run homer and Adrian Beltre had four hits for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Nelson Cruz hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Rangers , who have lost five of their last six games . Texas starter Matt Harrison ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 3 2/3 innings . The right - hander was coming off his first loss of the season , when he gave up five runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings of a 7 - 5 loss to the Los Angeles Angels . Harrison allowed five runs -- three earned -- and six hits over 3 2/3 innings in his first start of the season . The right - hander was coming off a three - hit shutout against the Los Angeles Angels in his first start of the season , when he gave up six runs in 4 1/3 innings of a 10 - 5 loss . The Rangers ' only run came on Napoli 's sacrifice fly in the bottom of the fifth , but Texas scored three runs in the fifth to take a 5 - 0 lead . Pujols had an RBI double and scored on Napoli 's sacrifice fly .
ST. LOUIS -- David Freese had a big night at the plate . Freese hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs , Edwin Jackson pitched six strong innings and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Philadelphia Phillies 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Freese 's two - run double in the fourth gave the Cardinals a 3 - 2 lead , and Freese 's two - run homer in the sixth off Roy Oswalt ( 0 - 1 ) gave the Cardinals a 5 - 2 lead . Oswalt ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five , walked one and hit a batter in his first start of the season . The Phillies have lost three in a row after winning three in a row . Oswalt ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Phillies have lost six of their last seven games and are 4 - 3 against the Phillies this season . Freese 's two - run double in the fourth gave the Cardinals a 3 - 2 lead . Freese 's two - run homer in the sixth gave the Cardinals a 5 - 2 lead . Freese 's two - run homer in the sixth gave the Cardinals a 5 - 2 lead . Freese 's two - run homer in the sixth gave the Cardinals a 5 - 2 lead . Freese 's two - run homer in the sixth gave the Cardinals a 5 - 2 lead . Freese 's two - run homer in the sixth gave the Cardinals a 5 - 2 lead . Freese 's two - run homer in the sixth gave the Cardinals a 5 - 2 lead . Freese 's two - run homer in the sixth gave the Cardinals a 5 - 2 lead . Freese 's two - run homer in the sixth gave the Cardinals a 5 - 2 lead .
SAN DIEGO -- Ryan Braun had a big night at the plate . Braun hit three home runs and drove in six runs , leading the Milwaukee Brewers to an 8 - 3 victory over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night . Braun hit a solo homer in the fourth inning and a two - run shot in the fifth to give the Brewers a 5 - 2 lead . It was Braun 's second career three - homer game and first since July 8 , 2009 , against the Padres . Braun hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning off Joe Wieland ( 0 - 4 ) , who allowed five runs -- three earned -- and five hits in five innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Braun hit a two - run homer in the fifth off Joe Wieland ( 0 - 4 ) , who allowed five runs -- three earned -- and five hits in five innings . He struck out eight , walked two and hit a batter . Alex Gonzalez had a two - run double for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Joe Wieland ( 0 - 4 ) allowed five runs -- three earned -- and five hits in five innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Wieland allowed five runs -- three earned -- and five hits in five innings . He struck out eight , walked two and hit a batter . Wieland allowed five runs -- three earned -- and five hits in five innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Wieland allowed five runs -- three earned -- and five hits in five innings .
PHILADELPHIA -- Matt Garza and the Chicago Cubs are on a roll . Garza pitched seven innings of one - hit ball and Starlin Castro drove in two runs , leading the Cubs to a 5 - 1 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Garza ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one hit and one walk while striking out 10 in seven innings . The Phillies have won six of their last seven games . Garza ( 2 - 1 ) struck out 10 and walked one . Rafael Dolis , Rafael Dolis and Rafael Dolis each pitched a scoreless inning to close it out . Garza ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one hit and one walk while striking out 10 in seven innings . Rafael Dolis , Rafael Dolis and Rafael Dolis each pitched a scoreless inning to preserve the one - hitter . Kendrick ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI groundout by Ian Stewart . LaHair led off the third with a double and scored on Ian Stewart 's groundout to make it 2 - 0 . The Phillies made it 2 - 0 in the third when LaHair singled , stole second and scored on Castro 's sacrifice fly to center . The Phillies made it 2 - 0 in the third when LaHair doubled and scored on Ian Stewart 's groundout . The Cubs made it 2 - 0 in the third when LaHair doubled and scored on Castro 's sacrifice fly . LaHair hit a solo homer in the fourth .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Cody Ross and the Boston Red Sox have been waiting for a lot of fun . Ross hit two of Boston 's five home runs , including a go - ahead shot in the ninth inning , and the Red Sox rallied for a 6 - 5 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Ross hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the second inning to give the Red Sox a 3 - 0 lead . Ross hit a two - run shot off Matt Capps ( 0 - 1 ) in the seventh . Daniel Bard ( 1 - 2 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning for the win . Alfredo Aceves pitched the ninth for his third save . Danny Valencia hit a two - run homer for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Daniel Bard ( 1 - 2 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning for the win . Alfredo Aceves pitched the ninth for his third save in four chances . Boston starter Jason Marquis gave up five runs and 11 hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Adrian Gonzalez and a two - run homer by Ross off Jason Marquis in the second . Marquis gave up five runs and 11 hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Marquis gave up five runs and 11 hits in 6 1/3 innings .
SEATTLE -- The Chicago White Sox did n't need much help from the Seattle Mariners . Alex Rios had three hits and drove in three runs , John Danks won for the first time in four starts and the White Sox beat the Mariners 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Alex Rios had three hits and drove in three runs , and Alex Rios had three hits and drove in three runs . John Danks ( 2 - 2 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings for the White Sox . He struck out six and walked four . Hector Santiago pitched the ninth for his fourth save in five chances . Millwood ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Mariners took a 4 - 2 lead in the fourth . Ichiro Suzuki led off with a double and scored on Jesus Montero 's two - out single to give the Mariners a 4 - 2 lead . Danks ( 2 - 2 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked four . Hector Santiago pitched the ninth for his fourth save in five chances . Seattle starter John Danks ( 2 - 2 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked four . Hector Santiago pitched the ninth for his fourth save in five chances . Seattle starter John Danks ( 2 - 2 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked four . Hector Santiago pitched the ninth for his fourth save .
PITTSBURGH -- Lance Lynn did n't need much run support for the St. Louis Cardinals . Lynn pitched seven strong innings and Daniel Descalso homered to lead the St. Louis Cardinals to a 4 - 1 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Lynn ( 3 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings , striking out four and walking one . Jason Motte pitched the ninth for his third save . Charlie Morton ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in five innings for the Pirates . He struck out six and walked three . Alex Presley hit his first career leadoff homer for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Charlie Morton ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked three . Alex Presley 's first - inning leadoff homer gave the Pirates a 1 - 0 lead , but the Pirates tied it in the second on Rafael Furcal 's RBI single . The Pirates tied it in the second when Beltran singled , stole second and scored on a single by Rafael Furcal . The Pirates tied it in the second when Beltran singled , stole second and scored on a two - out single by Rafael Furcal . The Pirates tied it in the second when Beltran singled , stole second and scored on a two - out single by Rafael Furcal . The Pirates tied it in the second when Beltran singled , stole second and scored on a two - out single by Rafael Furcal . The Pirates tied it in the second when Beltran doubled and scored on Beltran 's single .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels finally got their first win of the season . Howie Kendrick hit a two - run single in the sixth inning , Howie Kendrick had three hits and three RBIs and the Angels beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Jerome Williams ( 1 - 1 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Angels . Jordan Walden pitched the ninth for his first save . Brian Matusz ( 0 - 3 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in five - plus innings . He struck out six and walked three . Nolan Reimold hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Jerome Williams ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Angels . Jordan Walden pitched the ninth for his first save . Brian Matusz ( 0 - 3 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in five - plus innings . He struck out six and walked three . The Orioles got a run in the third on a two - out RBI single by J. J. Hardy , but the Orioles responded in the bottom half with RBI singles by Kendrick and Kendrick . Kendrick drove in the Angels ' first run with a two - out single in the second , and Kendrick capped the scoring with a two - out RBI single in the second . The Orioles got a run back in the third on a two - out RBI single by J. J. Hardy , who had three hits .
TORONTO -- Evan Longoria and the Tampa Bay Rays took advantage of the Toronto Blue Jays . Longoria hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the fifth inning and the Rays beat the Blue Jays 9 - 4 on Tuesday night , handing the Blue Jays their fourth loss in a row . Longoria had three hits and drove in four runs , and Luke Scott had a two - run double in the ninth for the Rays , who won for just the second time in 10 games . Tampa Bay won for just the second time in 10 games . The Blue Jays lost for just the second time in 10 games . Tampa Bay won for just the second time in 10 games . The Blue Jays lost for just the second time in 10 games . Tampa Bay won for just the second time in 10 games . The Blue Jays lost for just the second time in 10 games . Tampa Bay won for just the second time in 10 games . The Blue Jays lost for just the second time in 10 games . Tampa Bay won for just the second time in 10 games . The Blue Jays lost for just the second time in 10 games . Tampa Bay won for just the second time in 10 games . The Blue Jays lost for just the second time in 10 games . Tampa Bay won for just the second time in 10 games . The Blue Jays lost for just the second time in 10 games . Tampa Bay won for just the second time in 10 games . The Blue Jays lost for just the second time in 10 games . Tampa Bay won for just the second time in 10 games . The Blue Jays lost for just the second time in 10 games . Tampa Bay won for just the second time in 10 games . The Blue Jays lost for just the second time in 10 games . Alvarez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed six runs , six earned , and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out four . Blue Jays right - hander Henderson Alvarez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed six runs , six earned , and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out four .
NEW YORK -- Curtis Granderson and the rest of the New York Yankees have been waiting for a lot of fun . Granderson hit a pair of two - run homers and drove in four runs , leading the Yankees to a 7 - 6 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Granderson hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the second , his first of the season . He also had a two - run homer in the first off Anthony Swarzak ( 0 - 3 ) . Granderson hit a two - run homer in the second , a two - run shot in the second and a two - run drive in the second . He also had a two - run homer in the first off Anthony Swarzak ( 0 - 3 ) . Granderson hit a two - run homer in the second , his first of the season , and drove in four runs with a two - run homer in the second . He also had a two - run homer in the first inning of a 6 - 5 win over the Chicago White Sox on Friday night . Granderson hit a two - run homer in the second off Anthony Swarzak ( 0 - 3 ) , and Granderson added a two - run shot in the second . Granderson hit a two - run homer in the second , his first of the season , and drove in four runs with a two - run homer in the second . Granderson added a two - run shot in the second , his first homer of the season . Granderson had a two - run homer in the second and a two - run shot in the second . He hit a two - run shot off Jeff Gray in the sixth to make it 7 - 4 . Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth for his third save .
WASHINGTON -- Nationals manager Jim Riggleman was n't happy with his team 's 3 - 2 win over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . The Nationals ' 3 - 2 victory over the Houston Astros gave the Nationals their first three - game winning streak of the season . Roger Bernadina led off the eighth inning with a double off Fernando Rodriguez ( 0 - 2 ) , and Jayson Werth drew a bases - loaded walk from Fernando Rodriguez ( 0 - 2 ) to give the Nationals a 3 - 2 lead . Ryan Mattheus ( 2 - 0 ) got the win despite allowing a run in the eighth . Henry Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth for his third save . Houston starter Jordan Zimmermann allowed one run and four hits in seven innings , striking out three and walking none . The right - hander has a 1.29 ERA in three starts this season . Ryan Mattheus ( 2 - 0 ) got the win despite allowing a run in the eighth . Henry Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth for his third save . Houston starter Jordan Zimmermann allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked none . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth . Jason Castro led off with a double and scored on a groundout by Travis Buck . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth . Jason Castro led off with a double and scored on a groundout by Travis Buck . Houston took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Jason Castro doubled and scored on a groundout by Travis Buck . The Nationals tied it in the seventh . Rick Ankiel led off with a double and scored on Jayson Werth 's two - out double .
SEATTLE -- Carlos Santana 's first home run of the season gave the Cleveland Indians a much - needed win . Santana hit a three - run homer , Shin-Soo Choo had two hits and drove in two runs and the Indians rallied for a 9 - 8 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . Santana hit a three - run homer in the fifth inning off Seattle starter Kevin Millwood to give the Indians a 2 - 1 lead . It was Jaso 's first homer of the season . Justin Smoak had a career - high four hits and John Jaso hit a two - run homer for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Rafael Perez ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth and Chris Perez survived a shaky ninth to earn his third save . Justin Smoak had a career - high four hits and John Jaso hit a two - run homer for the Mariners . Justin Smoak had a career - high four hits for Seattle , including a two - run single in the fourth . Justin Smoak had a career - high four hits for Seattle , including a two - run single in the fourth . Justin Smoak had a career - high four hits for Seattle , including a two - run single in the fourth inning . The Mariners scored in the first on an RBI single by Ichiro Suzuki and an RBI single by Ichiro Suzuki in the fourth . Jaso hit a two - run homer in the third to give the Mariners a 2 - 1 lead . It was Jaso 's first homer of the season , a two - run shot that made it 2 - 1 in the third . Ichiro Suzuki had a two - run single in the fourth for the Mariners .
MILWAUKEE -- Carlos Gomez was n't sure if he had a chance to score the winning run in the bottom of the ninth inning . The Milwaukee Brewers pinch - ran for Gomez , pinch - hitting and pinch - hitter George Kottaras followed with a two - run double to give the Milwaukee Brewers a 5 - 4 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Tuesday night . The Brewers rallied from a 2 - 0 deficit to take a 4 - 3 lead in the eighth , but pinch - hitter George Kottaras hit a two - run double off Javy Guerra ( 1 - 1 ) in the ninth to give the Brewers a 5 - 4 lead . Jose Veras ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Andre Ethier hit a two - run homer off Francisco Rodriguez in the eighth to give the Dodgers a 4 - 3 lead , but the Dodgers tied it in the eighth against Francisco Rodriguez . Andre Ethier hit a two - run homer off Francisco Rodriguez to give the Dodgers a 4 - 3 lead , but the Dodgers tied it in the top of the inning on James Loney 's RBI double off Yovani Gallardo , who allowed seven hits and two earned runs in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Cesar Izturis and a run - scoring single by Cesar Izturis . The Dodgers tied it in the fifth on James Loney 's RBI double , but the Dodgers tied it in the bottom half on James Loney 's RBI double . The Dodgers tied it in the fifth when Mark Ellis led off with a double and scored on James Loney 's double . Gallardo allowed seven hits and two runs in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one .
PHILADELPHIA -- Roy Halladay and the Philadelphia Phillies did n't need much help . Halladay pitched seven strong innings , Carlos Ruiz homered and the Phillies beat the Miami Marlins 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Halladay ( 2 - 0 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Phillies jumped ahead 5 - 1 in the third . Juan Pierre led off with a double and scored on Placido Polanco 's single . Placido Polanco followed with an RBI single and Placido Polanco followed with a run - scoring single . Freddy Galvis followed with a two - run double to give the Phillies a 5 - 1 lead . Johnson ( 0 - 2 ) gave up six runs and 11 hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out one . Johnson ( 0 - 2 ) gave up six runs and 11 hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out one . Johnson ( 0 - 2 ) gave up six runs and 11 hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out one . The Phillies jumped ahead 1 - 0 in the second . Omar Infante led off with a single , stole second and scored on Johnson 's grounder to first . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Omar Infante led off with a double and scored on Johnson 's groundout . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Omar Infante led off with a double and scored on Johnson 's grounder to first . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Omar Infante led off with a double and scored on Johnson 's groundout .
HOUSTON -- Chipper Jones and the Atlanta Braves are starting to come up with a big hit . Jones hit a two - run homer and drove in two runs , Tommy Hanson pitched five effective innings and the Braves beat the Houston Astros 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Jones hit a two - run homer in the third inning off Kyle Weiland ( 0 - 1 ) , who allowed four runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . He struck out five and walked two in his first major league start . Houston starter Tommy Hanson ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out eight and walked three . Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth for his first save . Kyle Weiland ( 0 - 1 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in five innings for the Astros . He struck out five and walked two . Houston starter Kyle Weiland ( 0 - 1 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked two in his first major league start . Houston starter Kyle Weiland ( 0 - 1 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked two in his first major league start . Houston starter Kyle Weiland ( 0 - 1 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked two in his first major league start . Houston starter Kyle Weiland ( 0 - 1 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked two in his first major league start . Houston starter Kyle Weiland ( 0 - 1 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in five innings .
CHICAGO -- Jonathan Lucroy and the rest of the Milwaukee Brewers ' starting lineup had a big hit . Lucroy hit a three - run homer and Chris Narveson pitched five solid innings to lead the Brewers to a 7 - 4 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Lucroy hit a three - run homer in the first inning off Paul Maholm ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up six runs and six hits in four innings . Maholm ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs , six hits and two walks in four - plus innings . Maholm ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and six hits in four - plus innings . He walked two and struck out two . Chris Narveson ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . Francisco Rodriguez got the last two outs for his first save . Maholm ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and six hits in four - plus innings . He walked two and struck out two . Maholm ( 0 - 1 ) allowed six runs and six hits in four innings . He walked two and struck out two . Maholm ( 0 - 1 ) allowed six runs and six hits in four - plus innings . He walked two and struck out two . Maholm ( 0 - 1 ) was tagged for six runs and six hits in four innings . He walked two and struck out two . Maholm ( 0 - 1 ) allowed six runs and six hits in four innings . He walked two and struck out two .
CLEVELAND -- Carlos Santana 's first career home run gave the Cleveland Indians a boost . Santana hit a pair of solo homers , Derek Lowe pitched seven strong innings and the Indians beat the Toronto Blue Jays 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Santana hit a two - run homer in the fifth off Joel Carreno ( 0 - 1 ) and added a two - run shot in the fifth . It was Santana 's first multihomer game of the season and his first since Sept. 28 , 2011 , against the New York Yankees . Santana 's first homer came off Joel Carreno ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up four runs and six hits in six innings . Carreno ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs , six hits and four walks in six innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . The Blue Jays have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 in their last seven games . The Blue Jays have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 in their last seven games . The Blue Jays have lost five of six and are 2 - 4 on their 10 - game road trip . The Blue Jays have lost three straight and five of six . The Blue Jays have lost five of six . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost three straight and six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . Carreno gave up four runs and six hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out three . Carreno gave up four runs , six hits and four walks in six innings .
CINCINNATI -- Jay Bruce hit a solo homer off Heath Bell in the ninth inning , and the Cincinnati Reds rallied for a 6 - 5 victory over the Miami Marlins on Tuesday night . Bruce hit a solo homer in the ninth off Heath Bell ( 0 - 1 ) , who blew his first save of the season . It was the first game - ending hit of Bruce 's career . Bruce hit a solo homer in the ninth inning off Heath Bell ( 0 - 1 ) , who blew his first save of the season . He gave up Bruce 's second homer of the game , a solo shot in the ninth that made it 5 - 5 . Aroldis Chapman ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one hit in two scoreless innings for his first major league win . Chapman ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one hit and struck out three in two scoreless innings . The right - hander had three strikeouts and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Marlins have lost five of their last six games , and they 've lost five of their last six games . The Marlins have lost five of their last six games . The Marlins have lost five of their last six games . The Marlins have lost five of their last six games . The Marlins have lost five of their last six games . The Marlins have lost five of their last six games . The Marlins have lost five of their last six games . The Marlins have lost five of their last six games . The Marlins have lost five of their last six games . The Marlins have lost five of their last six games . The Marlins have lost five of their last six games . They 've scored only three runs in their last four games . The Marlins have lost five of their last six games . The Marlins have lost five of their last six games . The Marlins have lost five of their last six games . The Marlins have lost five of their last six games .
CINCINNATI -- Johnny Cueto did n't need much run support . Cueto pitched seven innings of three - hit ball , Jay Bruce hit a solo homer and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Miami Marlins 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Cueto ( 1 - 0 ) gave up three hits , walked two and struck out four in seven innings . The right - hander , who signed a three - year , $ < unk > million contract in the offseason , has won his last two starts against the Marlins . He has n't allowed a run in his last three starts . The Reds have been shut out in three of their last four games , including three in a row against the NL 's worst team . Buehrle ( 0 - 1 ) gave up seven hits and two runs with two walks and five strikeouts in six innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four career starts against the Reds . The Marlins have lost five of their last six games . They 've been shut out three times this season , including three in a row at Great American Ball Park . Buehrle ( 0 - 1 ) gave up seven hits and two runs with two walks and five strikeouts in six innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four career starts against the Reds . Bruce hit a sacrifice fly in the first inning off Mark Buehrle ( 0 - 1 ) , who allowed two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Bruce hit a sacrifice fly in the first , and Ryan Ludwick added an RBI double in the sixth .
LOS ANGELES -- Zack Greinke and the Milwaukee Brewers did n't need much offense to beat the Los Angeles Dodgers . Greinke pitched six strong innings , Aramis Ramirez hit a two - run homer and the Brewers beat the Dodgers 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Greinke ( 6 - 2 ) gave up one run and nine hits in six innings , struck out seven and walked one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.27 ERA in his last five starts against the Dodgers , including a three - hit shutout of the Cubs in his previous start . Greinke ( 6 - 2 ) gave up one run and nine hits in six innings , struck out seven and walked one . The right - hander had been 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in his previous four starts . The Brewers have won six of their last seven games and have won five of their last six games . Chad Billingsley ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings , struck out eight and walked two . The right - hander had an RBI single in the second , a two - run homer in the third and a two - run shot in the ninth . Billingsley ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings , struck out eight and walked two . The right - hander had an RBI single in the second , a two - run homer in the third and a two - run shot in the ninth against Todd Coffey , who was recalled from Triple-A Albuquerque earlier in the day . Dodgers starter Chad Billingsley ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings , struck out eight and walked two .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Francisco Liriano has been one of the few bright spots for the Minnesota Twins . Liriano pitched six innings of three - hit ball , Josh Willingham hit a two - run homer and the Twins beat the Oakland Athletics 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Liriano ( 1 - 5 ) allowed three hits and two walks while striking out nine in six - plus innings . Josh Willingham hit a two - run homer for the Twins , who have won five of their last six games . Tyson Ross ( 2 - 6 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Ross Ross ( 2 - 6 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Ross Ross ( 2 - 6 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Ross Ross ( 2 - 6 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Ross Ross ( 2 - 6 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Ross Ross ( 2 - 6 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Ross Ross ( 2 - 6 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Ross Ross ( 2 - 6 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Chicago White Sox did n't need much run support for Chris Sale . Sale struck out a career - high 15 in 7 1/3 innings , Adam Dunn hit a two - run homer and the White Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Sale ( 6 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in 7 1/3 innings , striking out a career - high 15 and walking two . Addison Reed worked the ninth for his fifth save in five opportunities . Matt Moore ( 1 - 5 ) struck out 10 in seven innings for the Rays , who have lost five of six . Moore ( 1 - 5 ) struck out 10 in seven innings , allowing two runs and four hits . He struck out 10 and walked one . The White Sox have won five of their last six games . The White Sox have won five of their last six games . Moore ( 1 - 5 ) gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out 10 and walked one . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Ben Zobrist doubled and scored on a single by Jose Lobaton . Jose Lobaton drove in Tampa Bay 's first run with a fourth - inning single . The Rays loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but Sale struck out Drew Sutton and Drew Sutton to end the threat . Moore struck out 10 in seven innings , allowing four hits and two runs . He walked one and struck out a season - high 10 . Tampa Bay took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on a two - out RBI single by Jose Lobaton .
DENVER -- Dexter Fowler was n't surprised to see the Colorado Rockies lose a game . Fowler hit a game - ending triple in the 10th inning , and the Colorado Rockies beat the Houston Astros 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Fowler had four hits , including a leadoff homer in the first and a three - run double in the fourth to give the Rockies a 6 - 4 lead . It was the first game - ending triple of the season for Fowler , who was 4 for 4 with a homer and three RBIs . Josh Roenicke ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th to earn the win . Brett Myers ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Chris Snyder hit a two - run homer for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Houston starter Alex White gave up six runs and 10 hits in five innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts since being recalled from Triple-A Colorado Springs on Aug. 1 . Colorado starter Alex White allowed six runs and 10 hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out two . The Astros took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a two - run homer by Bogusevic , his first of the season . The Astros tied it in the bottom of the inning on Carlos Gonzalez 's RBI groundout . Houston tied it in the third on Carlos Gonzalez 's RBI groundout and Scutaro 's run - scoring groundout . Houston tied it in the bottom of the inning on Carlos Gonzalez 's RBI groundout .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox did n't need much run support for Chris Sale . Sale pitched seven innings of two - hit ball , Alex Rios hit a two - run homer and the White Sox beat the Minnesota Twins 6 - 0 on Tuesday night . Sale ( 5 - 2 ) struck out six and walked two in seven innings . He struck out six , walked two and hit a batter . Sale ( 5 - 2 ) struck out six and walked two , throwing 64 of his 97 pitches for strikes . He struck out six , walked two and lowered his ERA to 2.50 . Scott Diamond ( 3 - 1 ) allowed five runs -- two earned -- and nine hits in six innings for the Twins . He struck out four and walked one . Diamond ( 3 - 1 ) allowed five runs -- two earned -- and nine hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . Konerko hit a solo homer in the seventh for the White Sox , who have won four of five . Konerko also had three hits for the White Sox , who have won four of five . Scott Diamond ( 3 - 1 ) gave up five runs -- two earned -- and nine hits in six innings for the Twins . He struck out four and walked one . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season .
TORONTO -- Brandon Morrow threw a three - hitter for his second shutout of the season and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the New York Mets 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Morrow ( 5 - 2 ) allowed three hits , walked one and struck out a season - high eight to win for the first time in four starts . He walked one and struck out eight . Toronto 's Jeremy Hefner ( 0 - 1 ) allowed two runs and four hits in five innings . He walked none and struck out five . Hefner ( 0 - 1 ) allowed two runs and four hits in five innings . He walked none and struck out five . The Mets have lost three straight and six of seven . Hefner ( 0 - 1 ) allowed two runs and four hits in five innings . He walked none and struck out five . The Mets have lost three straight and six of seven . New York has lost four of five . Hefner ( 0 - 1 ) allowed two runs and four hits in five innings . He walked none and struck out five . The Mets have lost three straight and six of seven . New York has lost four of five . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost four of five . The Mets have lost five of six . Hefner ( 0 - 1 ) allowed two runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked none .
CLEVELAND -- Carlos Zambrano was n't happy with the way he was pitching . Zambrano pitched seven strong innings , Hanley Ramirez had a sacrifice fly and the Miami Marlins beat the Cleveland Indians 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Zambrano ( 2 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He walked five and struck out two . Heath Bell pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save in five chances . Zambrano ( 2 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He walked five and struck out two . Heath Bell pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save in five chances . Zambrano ( 2 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He walked five and struck out two . Heath Bell pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save in five chances . Cleveland starter Justin Masterson gave up two runs and six hits over seven innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Indians took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Casey Kotchman and a run - scoring single by Shin-Soo Choo . The Indians tied it in the third on a sacrifice fly by Greg Dobbs . The Indians tied it in the sixth on a sacrifice fly by Greg Dobbs , a sacrifice fly by Greg Dobbs and a sacrifice fly by Greg Dobbs . Masterson allowed six hits , struck out five and walked three . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in five starts since beating the New York Yankees on opening day . Masterson , who had been 0 - 3 in his previous five starts , allowed six hits and two runs in seven innings .
WASHINGTON -- Baltimore Orioles manager Buck Showalter was happy to see his team get a chance to win . Adam LaRoche hit a go - ahead homer in the 11th inning , and the Orioles beat the Washington Nationals 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Nick Markakis and Nick Markakis homered for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Kevin Gregg ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning for the win . Pedro Strop pitched the 11th for his third save . Ian Desmond homered for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Kevin Gregg ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning for the win . Pedro Strop pitched the 11th for his third save . Ian Desmond homered for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Kevin Gregg ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 11th for the win . Pedro Strop pitched the 11th for his third save . Ian Desmond homered for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Ian Desmond tied the game at 1 with a leadoff homer in the sixth . It was his third of the season and second in two games . Washington 's Edwin Jackson allowed one run and five hits in eight innings . He walked one and struck out eight . Jackson allowed one run and five hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Jackson allowed five hits , walked one and struck out eight in eight innings . He has allowed two earned runs or fewer in six of his seven starts this season . Jackson allowed five hits , walked one and struck out eight in eight innings .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Brian Matusz was n't about to let a three - run lead slip away . Adam Jones hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the fourth inning , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Matusz ( 3 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . He walked one and struck out two . Jim Johnson pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 14 opportunities . Luke Hochevar ( 3 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out six , walked one and hit a batter . Hochevar ( 3 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out six and walked one . Humberto Quintero had two hits and drove in two runs for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Hochevar ( 3 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out six , walked one and hit a batter . J. J. Hardy 's two - out , two - run single in the seventh scored Chris Davis , who had three hits , to give the Orioles a 5 - 3 lead . Hochevar ( 3 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out six , walked one and hit a batter . Hochevar ( 3 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Royals have lost six of their last seven .
WASHINGTON -- Gio Gonzalez has been pitching well for the Washington Nationals . Gonzalez pitched seven innings of four - hit ball , Adam LaRoche homered and drove in four runs and the Nationals beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Gonzalez ( 5 - 1 ) allowed three runs and four hits over seven innings . He struck out 10 and walked two . Gonzalez ( 5 - 1 ) gave up three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out 10 and walked two . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in five career starts against the Pirates . Josh Harrison hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Josh Harrison hit a two - run homer for the Pirates , who have lost three of four . Josh Harrison hit a two - run homer for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Josh Harrison hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Bedard ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Nationals have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost six of seven . Pittsburgh has lost five of six . The Pirates have lost six of seven . Pittsburgh has lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost six of seven . Pittsburgh 's Andrew McCutchen had two hits for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Harrison was 2 - for - 4 with a double and a walk . He has homered in three straight games .
DETROIT -- Brian Dozier and the Minnesota Twins are starting to look like a team . Dozier hit a three - run homer , Trevor Plouffe added a two - run shot and the Twins beat the Detroit Tigers 11 - 7 on Tuesday night . Dozier hit a three - run homer in the second inning , and Trevor Plouffe added a two - run shot in the ninth . Alex Burnett ( 1 - 0 ) pitched one inning for the win . Minnesota starter Rick Porcello allowed six runs -- two earned -- and six hits in four - plus innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Alex Burnett ( 1 - 0 ) pitched one inning for the win . Minnesota starter Rick Porcello allowed six runs -- two earned -- and six hits in four - plus innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Detroit starter Rick Porcello allowed six runs -- two earned -- and six hits in four innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Ryan Doumit and a three - run homer by Trevor Plouffe . The Twins took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Ryan Doumit and a three - run homer by Trevor Plouffe . The Twins took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Carroll and a run - scoring double by Ryan Doumit . Fielder 's sacrifice fly in the bottom of the inning made it 6 - 5 , but the Twins tied it in the bottom half on Fielder 's sacrifice fly .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Ervin Santana did n't have his best stuff against the Oakland Athletics . Santana pitched into the eighth inning , Mike Trout hit a tiebreaking homer in the seventh inning and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Oakland Athletics 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Santana ( 2 - 6 ) allowed four hits and three walks while striking out nine in 7 2/3 innings . Bartolo Colon ( 3 - 4 ) gave up four runs and 12 hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Colon ( 3 - 4 ) gave up four runs and 12 hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Cleveland Indians have been waiting for a lot to celebrate this season . Casey Kotchman hit a two - run homer and Casey Kotchman added a two - run shot as the Indians beat the Minnesota Twins 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Casey Kotchman hit a two - run homer and Casey Kotchman added a two - run shot for the Indians , who took two of three from the Twins . Joe Smith ( 3 - 1 ) retired the only batter he faced to earn the win . Chris Perez pitched a perfect ninth for his 12th save in 13 chances . Ryan Doumit hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Smith ( 3 - 1 ) got the win . Chris Perez pitched the ninth for his 12th save . Ryan Doumit hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Ryan Doumit hit a two - run homer off Nick Hagadone in the eighth to tie the game at 4 . The Indians scored a run in the third when Darin Mastroianni doubled and scored on Josh Willingham 's third - inning single . Doumit 's two - run homer in the eighth tied the game at 4 . The Indians scored in the third when Darin Mastroianni doubled and scored on a passed ball by Drew Butera . Doumit 's two - out homer in the eighth off Nick Hagadone tied the score 4 - 4 , but the Indians tied it in the bottom half on Josh Willingham 's RBI double and Doumit 's two - out , two - run homer .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have been waiting for Juan Nicasio to make his first start of the season . The right - hander struck out a career - high nine in seven innings of five - hit ball , and the Dodgers beat the Colorado Rockies 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Harang ( 2 - 2 ) gave up one run and four hits in eight innings , struck out two and walked two . The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 6.23 ERA in his first three starts of the season . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth for his third save in as many attempts . Josh Outman ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and one hit in one - third of an inning . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth for his third save in four chances . Juan Nicasio had a career - high nine strikeouts in seven innings and struck out a career - high nine . The right - hander allowed one run and five hits in seven innings , struck out a career - high nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The right - hander struck out a career - high nine , walked none and threw 102 pitches in his first start against the Dodgers this season . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when James Loney led off with a double and scored on Juan Uribe 's two - out single . The Dodgers tied it in the seventh on Tyler Colvin 's two - out homer with two outs . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth for his third save .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Toronto Blue Jays have n't had much success against the Minnesota Twins this season . Drew Hutchison pitched six solid innings and Jose Bautista hit his major league - leading 12th homer to lead the Blue Jays to a 2 - 1 victory over the Twins on Tuesday night . Hutchison ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings , striking out four and walking four . Casey Janssen pitched a perfect ninth for his second save in three chances . Walters ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six hits and struck out five in six innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Walters ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six hits and struck out five in six innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer had two hits for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer had two hits for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer had two hits for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer had two hits for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Twins starter P. J. Walters ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer had two hits for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Twins starter P. J. Walters ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Walters allowed six hits and struck out five in six innings .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting for a lot to celebrate this season . Darin Mastroianni drove in three runs , Darin Mastroianni drove in three runs and the Twins beat the Toronto Blue Jays 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Jose Bautista homered twice for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Nick Blackburn ( 1 - 4 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five - plus innings for the Twins . Matt Capps pitched the ninth for his sixth save in six chances . Jose Bautista hit two solo homers for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Nick Blackburn ( 1 - 4 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five - plus innings for the Twins . Matt Capps pitched the ninth for his sixth save in six chances . Eric Thames homered twice for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Eric Thames hit a solo homer in the first inning for the Blue Jays , who have lost three straight and six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost six of their last seven games . The Blue Jays have lost seven of their last 10 games , including three in a row . Bautista hit a solo homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Blue Jays a 6 - 5 lead . It was Bautista 's fourth career multihomer game and third this season . Bautista hit a solo shot in the first inning and a solo shot in the sixth to give the Blue Jays a 6 - 5 lead . It was Bautista 's fourth career multihomer game and third this season .
PHILADELPHIA -- Lucas Duda and the New York Mets finally found a way to beat the Philadelphia Phillies . Duda hit a tiebreaking single with two outs in the seventh inning , and the Mets beat the Phillies 7 - 4 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Manny Acosta ( 1 - 2 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning to earn the win . Jon Rauch pitched the ninth for his first save of the season . Hunter Pence hit a two - run homer and Pete Orr had an RBI double for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Manny Acosta ( 1 - 2 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning to earn the win . Jon Rauch pitched the ninth for his first save . Hunter Pence hit a two - run homer and Pete Orr had an RBI double for the Phillies . Hunter Pence hit a two - run homer and Pete Orr had an RBI double for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Philadelphia 's Joe Blanton allowed four runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out seven . Phillies starter Miguel Batista allowed four runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out one . Batista allowed four runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out one . Batista allowed four runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out one . Batista allowed four runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out one .
HOUSTON -- Carlos Zambrano was happy to get his first win of the season . Zambrano pitched a three - hitter for his first career shutout and Giancarlo Stanton hit a two - run homer to lead the Miami Marlins to a 4 - 0 win over the Houston Astros on Friday night . Zambrano ( 1 - 2 ) struck out nine and walked one in his second career shutout and third complete game this season . He threw 109 pitches , 68 for strikes . Hanley Ramirez and John Buck hit back - to - back home runs in the fifth inning for the Marlins . Zambrano ( 1 - 2 ) scattered three hits , walked one and struck out nine in his first career complete game . He threw 109 pitches , 68 for strikes . John Buck and John Buck homered for the Marlins , who have won four of five . Wandy Rodriguez ( 3 - 3 ) allowed six hits and four runs with two walks in eight innings for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Houston starter Wandy Rodriguez ( 3 - 3 ) allowed six hits and four runs with two walks in eight innings . Rodriguez ( 3 - 3 ) allowed six hits and four runs with two walks and two strikeouts in eight innings . Rodriguez ( 3 - 3 ) allowed six hits and four runs with two walks and two strikeouts in eight innings . He has lost three straight starts for the first time this season . Rodriguez ( 3 - 3 ) allowed six hits and four runs with two walks and two strikeouts in eight innings . Rodriguez ( 3 - 3 ) allowed six hits and four runs with two walks and two strikeouts in eight innings .
MILWAUKEE -- Jay Bruce 's first home run of the season came on a 1 - 2 pitch from Marco Estrada in the fourth inning and gave the Cincinnati Reds a 6 - 1 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Friday night . Bruce hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning off Marco Estrada ( 0 - 2 ) , and the Reds added three more runs in the ninth to make it 6 - 1 . Ryan Braun hit his first home run of the season and Travis Ishikawa had two hits for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Bronson Arroyo ( 2 - 1 ) gave up one run and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Ryan Braun hit his first home run of the season for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Milwaukee starter Marco Estrada ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Estrada ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Estrada ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Estrada ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Estrada ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in seven innings .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Oakland Athletics are starting to look like a team . Brandon Inge hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs , Daric Barton drove in two runs and the A 's beat the Tampa Bay Rays 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Inge hit a three - run homer in the third inning off Matt Moore ( 1 - 2 ) , who gave up eight runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . Tommy Milone ( 4 - 2 ) gave up five runs , five hits and four walks in five innings for the A 's , who have won four of five . Matt Joyce had three hits and drove in two runs for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Tommy Milone ( 4 - 2 ) gave up five runs and five hits in five innings for the A 's , who have won six of their last seven games . Matt Joyce had three hits and drove in two runs for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Tommy Milone ( 4 - 2 ) gave up five runs and five hits in five innings . The right - hander walked four and struck out one . Matt Joyce had three hits and drove in two runs for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Moore gave up a season - high eight runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . Tampa Bay starter Matt Moore ( 1 - 2 ) gave up eight runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . Tampa Bay starter Matt Moore ( 1 - 2 ) gave up eight runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings .
DETROIT -- Rick Porcello and the Detroit Tigers did n't need much offense . Porcello pitched into the seventh inning , Prince Fielder hit a solo homer and the Tigers beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Porcello ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Porcello ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and four hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Jose Valverde pitched the ninth for his fifth save in six chances . Valverde walked pinch - hitter Kosuke Fukudome with one out in the ninth , but Valverde struck out Brent Lillibridge and Alexei Ramirez for his fifth save in six chances . Valverde walked pinch - hitter Kosuke Fukudome with one out in the ninth , but Valverde struck out Brent Lillibridge and Alexei Ramirez for his fifth save in six chances . Valverde walked pinch - hitter Kosuke Fukudome with one out in the ninth , but Valverde struck out Brent Lillibridge and Alexei Ramirez for his fifth save in six chances . Valverde walked pinch - hitter Kosuke Fukudome with one out in the ninth , but Valverde struck out Brent Lillibridge and Alexei Ramirez for his fifth save in six chances . Valverde walked pinch - hitter Kosuke Fukudome with one out in the ninth , but Valverde struck out Brent Lillibridge and Alexei Ramirez for his fifth save in six chances . Valverde walked pinch - hitter Kosuke Fukudome with one out in the ninth , but Valverde struck out Brent Lillibridge and Alexei Ramirez for his fifth save in six chances . Valverde walked pinch - hitter Kosuke Fukudome with one out in the ninth , but Valverde struck out Brent Lillibridge and Alexei Ramirez for his fifth save in six chances . Valverde walked pinch - hitter Kosuke Fukudome with one out in the ninth , but Valverde struck out Brent Lillibridge and Alexei Ramirez for his fifth save in six chances .
CINCINNATI -- Ryan Dempster has been one of the few bright spots for the Chicago Cubs . Dempster pitched eight innings of three - hit ball , Scott Rolen hit a sacrifice fly in the 10th inning and the Cincinnati Reds rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Dempster ( 1 - 2 ) gave up three hits and a walk in his first career complete game . He struck out six , walked one and hit a batter with a pitch . Logan Ondrusek ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th inning for the win . Dempster ( 1 - 2 ) gave up three hits and one walk while striking out six in his first career start against the Reds . The right - hander had been 0 - 3 with a 7.16 ERA in his previous four starts . The Cubs have lost six of their last seven games . They 've been shut out three times in their last five games , including three in a row . Logan Ondrusek ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th inning for the win . Dempster , who has n't won in his last five starts , allowed three hits and one walk while striking out six in eight innings . The Cubs have lost five of their last six games . They 've been shut out three times in their last five games , including three in a row . Dempster , who has n't won in his last five starts , gave up three hits in eight innings . He struck out six , walked one and hit a batter with a pitch . Dempster , who has n't won since April 21 , struck out six and walked one in his first career complete game . The right - hander has n't allowed more than three runs in any of his five starts this season .
WASHINGTON -- Arizona Diamondbacks manager Kirk Gibson had no problem with the way Trevor Cahill was pitching . Cahill ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one run and six hits in 7 1/3 innings , leading the Diamondbacks to a 5 - 1 victory over the Washington Nationals on Wednesday night . Cahill ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one run and six hits , striking out five and walking one . David Hernandez struck out two in a perfect eighth , and David Hernandez struck out two in a perfect eighth . Jordan Zimmermann ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Nationals have lost five of six . The Nationals have lost five of six . Jordan Zimmermann ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Nationals have lost five of six . The Nationals have lost five of six . The Nationals have lost five of six . The Nationals have lost five of six . The Nationals have lost five of six . The Nationals have lost five of six . Zimmermann ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Nationals have lost six of their last seven games . Zimmermann ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one .
DETROIT -- Austin Jackson had a big night for the Detroit Tigers . Jackson had four hits and drove in two runs , Rick Porcello pitched eight strong innings and the Tigers beat the Kansas City Royals 9 - 3 on Tuesday night . Jackson had four hits and drove in two runs , and Jhonny Peralta had two hits and two RBIs . Rick Porcello ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in eight innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Luke Hochevar ( 2 - 2 ) allowed a career - high nine runs and 12 hits in four - plus innings . He struck out two and walked three . Alex Gordon drove in two runs for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Hochevar ( 2 - 2 ) allowed nine runs and 12 hits in four - plus innings . He struck out two and walked three . Alex Gordon had a pair of RBI doubles for Kansas City , which has lost four of five . Royals starter Luke Hochevar ( 2 - 2 ) allowed nine runs and 12 hits in four - plus innings . He struck out two and walked three . The Royals took a 5 - 0 lead in the first . Andy Dirks led off with a double and scored on Don Kelly 's double . Miguel Cabrera followed with a run - scoring single , and Peralta followed with a two - run double to make it 8 - 0 . The Royals added three more in the third on RBI singles by Peralta and Peralta , and a run - scoring single by Peralta .
NEW YORK -- Chris Davis and the Baltimore Orioles did n't have much to do with the New York Yankees . Davis homered and had three hits , Brian Matusz pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Orioles beat the Yankees 7 - 1 on Tuesday night for their seventh win in 10 games . Davis had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third inning off Phil Hughes ( 1 - 4 ) , and J. J. Hardy added a two - run shot in the third for the Orioles , who won for the seventh time in nine games . Baltimore has won three straight and seven of eight overall . The Orioles have won seven of their last eight games at Yankee Stadium . Baltimore has won seven of its last eight games at Yankee Stadium . The Orioles have won seven of their last eight games at Yankee Stadium . Davis , who had three hits , hit a two - run homer in the third inning off Phil Hughes ( 1 - 4 ) , who gave up four runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Curtis Granderson homered in the first for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Hughes ( 1 - 4 ) gave up four runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Yankees have lost six of their last seven games . New York has lost four of five . The Yankees have lost four of five . Hughes ( 1 - 4 ) gave up four runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one .
MILWAUKEE -- Mike Fiers has been the Milwaukee Brewers ' ace . Fiers pitched two - hit ball over six innings , Ryan Braun hit two home runs and the Brewers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Fiers ( 3 - 2 ) struck out 10 and walked three , throwing 64 of his 105 pitches for strikes . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.20 ERA in his last four starts . Fiers ( 3 - 2 ) struck out 10 and walked three in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained muscle in his left side . The right - hander has a 2.29 ERA in three starts since being recalled from Triple-A Nashville on June 8 . The Brewers have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 11 games over .500 . Fiers ( 3 - 2 ) allowed two hits , walked three and threw 64 of 105 pitches for strikes . He threw 64 of 105 pitches for strikes in his first career start against the Diamondbacks . Milwaukee 's Wade Miley ( 9 - 4 ) gave up eight runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He gave up three home runs , including three homers , in 3 2/3 innings . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . Miley ( 9 - 4 ) gave up eight runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He lasted only 3 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He allowed eight runs and eight hits , including three homers , in 3 2/3 innings . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . Arizona has lost four of five . The Diamondbacks have lost four of five . Arizona has lost four of five . The Diamondbacks have lost five of six . Arizona has lost four of five . The Diamondbacks have lost five of six .
BALTIMORE -- The Cleveland Indians have been waiting for Shin-Soo Choo to come through in a big way . Choo had a career - high five hits and drove in three runs , Lou Marson went 4 - for - 5 with an RBI and the Indians beat the Baltimore Orioles 11 - 5 on Tuesday night . Choo had a career - high five hits , including a two - run homer in the second inning , and Lou Marson had four hits for the Indians , who took two of three from the Orioles . Josh Tomlin ( 4 - 5 ) gave up five runs , seven hits and three walks in six innings for the Indians , who have won three straight and six of seven . The Indians have won seven of their last nine games . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . Josh Tomlin ( 4 - 5 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings for the Indians , who have won three straight and six of seven . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . Josh Tomlin ( 4 - 5 ) gave up five runs , seven hits and three walks in six innings . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in four starts since being recalled from Triple-A Columbus . Cleveland starter Dana Eveland ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . The right - hander was recalled from Triple-A Norfolk before the game to make his first start of the season . Hunter was optioned to Triple-A Norfolk after the game . Hunter was optioned to Triple-A Norfolk after the game . Hunter gave up five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . The right - hander was recalled from Triple-A Norfolk before the game to make his first start of the season . Hunter was optioned to Triple-A Norfolk after the game . Hunter gave up five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings .
NEW YORK -- Hiroki Kuroda has been pitching well lately , and the New York Yankees are on quite a roll . Kuroda struck out a season - high 11 in seven sharp innings , and the Yankees beat the Chicago White Sox 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Kuroda ( 8 - 7 ) allowed three hits , walked one and struck out a season - high 11 , improving to 4 - 0 in his past five starts . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.13 ERA in his last four starts . Kuroda ( 8 - 7 ) allowed three hits , walked one and struck out a season - high 11 . David Robertson pitched the eighth and Rafael Soriano got the final two outs in the eighth . Peavy ( 6 - 5 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in a season - high eight innings . He struck out 11 and did not walk a batter . Peavy ( 6 - 5 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in a season - high eight innings . He struck out 11 and did not walk a batter . Peavy ( 6 - 5 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in a season - high eight innings . He struck out 11 and did not walk a batter . Peavy ( 6 - 5 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in a season - high eight innings . He struck out 11 and did not walk a batter . Peavy ( 6 - 5 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in a season - high eight innings . He struck out 11 and did not walk a batter . Peavy ( 6 - 5 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in a season - high eight innings . He struck out 11 and did not walk a batter . Peavy ( 6 - 5 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in a season - high eight innings . He struck out 11 and did not walk a batter . Peavy ( 6 - 5 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in a season - high eight innings . He struck out 11 and did not walk a batter . Peavy ( 6 - 5 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in a season - high eight innings . He struck out 11 and did not walk a batter . Peavy ( 6 - 5 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in a season - high eight innings . He struck out 11 and did not walk a batter . Peavy ( 6 - 5 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in a season - high eight innings . He struck out 11 and did not walk a batter .
MIAMI -- The Miami Marlins have been waiting for Giancarlo Stanton to find a way to beat the Philadelphia Phillies . Stanton hit a solo homer in the seventh inning , and the Marlins beat the Phillies 3 - 2 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Mark Buehrle ( 7 - 8 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Heath Bell pitched the ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Bell pitched a scoreless ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Bell pitched a scoreless ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Bell pitched a scoreless ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Bell pitched a scoreless ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Bell pitched a scoreless ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Bell pitched a scoreless ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Bell pitched a scoreless ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Bell pitched a scoreless ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Bell pitched a scoreless ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Bell pitched a scoreless ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Bell pitched a scoreless ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Bell pitched a scoreless ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Bell pitched a scoreless ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Bell pitched a scoreless ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . The Phillies went ahead 2 - 1 in the third . Reyes led off with a single , stole second and scored on Stanton 's two - out single to center . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the third . Reyes led off with a single , stole second and scored on a two - out single by Stanton . The Phillies tied it in the second when Carlos Ruiz doubled and scored on Shane Victorino 's sacrifice fly .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Philadelphia Phillies have found a way to beat the Pittsburgh Pirates . Ty Wigginton hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the third inning , Vance Worley pitched six effective innings and the Phillies beat the Pirates 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Carlos Ruiz went 3 - for - 4 with a homer and two RBIs for the Phillies , who have won four of five . Vance Worley ( 4 - 4 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six - plus innings for the Phillies , who have won five of their last six games . Worley ( 4 - 4 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six - plus innings . He walked two and struck out five . Worley ( 4 - 4 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six - plus innings . He walked two and struck out five . Jonathan Papelbon got his 18th save despite giving up a solo homer to Michael McKenry in the ninth . Michael McKenry hit a solo homer and drove in two runs for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Vance Worley ( 4 - 4 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Phillies jumped ahead 1 - 0 in the first on Placido Polanco 's RBI single . The Phillies cut it to 4 - 2 in the sixth on McKenry 's sacrifice fly and McKenry 's sacrifice fly . The Phillies cut it to 4 - 2 in the sixth on McKenry 's sacrifice fly and McKenry 's sacrifice fly . The Phillies cut it to 4 - 2 in the sixth on McKenry 's sacrifice fly and McKenry 's sacrifice fly .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals have been waiting for Luke Hochevar to find a way to beat the Tampa Bay Rays . Hochevar pitched a seven - hitter for his first career shutout , Eric Hosmer hit a solo homer and the Royals beat the Rays 8 - 0 on Tuesday night . Hochevar ( 5 - 7 ) allowed seven hits and one walk in his first career shutout , striking out eight in a seven - hitter . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his past five starts . Hochevar ( 5 - 7 ) gave up seven hits , struck out eight and walked one . He threw 73 of his 113 pitches for strikes . Alex Cobb ( 3 - 4 ) gave up a career - high eight runs and 13 hits in eight innings for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Cobb ( 3 - 4 ) gave up a career - high eight runs and 13 hits in a season - high eight innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his past five starts . The Royals have lost five of six . Cobb ( 3 - 4 ) gave up a career - high eight runs and 13 hits in a season - high eight innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his past five starts . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Colorado Rockies manager Jim Leyland had no idea what to expect from Colby Lewis . Dexter Fowler had three hits , including a home run , and Chris Nelson had three hits , including a two - run single in the Rockies ' 11 - 7 victory over the Texas Rangers on Tuesday night . The Rockies had 17 hits , including two by Nelson Cruz , who homered twice and drove in four runs . Lewis ( 6 - 6 ) gave up eight runs -- seven earned -- and 12 hits in four - plus innings . He struck out six and walked none . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . Lewis ( 6 - 6 ) gave up eight runs -- seven earned -- and 12 hits in four - plus innings . He struck out six and walked none . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . Lewis ( 6 - 6 ) gave up eight runs -- seven earned -- and 12 hits in four - plus innings . He struck out six and walked none . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . Lewis ( 6 - 6 ) gave up eight runs -- seven earned -- and 12 hits in four - plus innings . He struck out six and walked none . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . The Rangers have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Lewis ( 6 - 6 ) gave up eight runs -- seven earned -- and 12 hits in four - plus innings . He struck out six and walked none . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games and have scored only nine runs in their last five games . Lewis ( 6 - 6 ) gave up eight runs -- seven earned -- and 12 hits in four - plus innings . He struck out six and walked none . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games and have scored only nine runs in their last five games . Cruz hit a three - run homer in the fifth and a three - run shot in the fifth to make it 11 - 6 . The Rangers had a season - high 17 hits .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Roy Oswalt finally got his first win of the season , and the Texas Rangers beat the Colorado Rockies 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Oswalt ( 1 - 0 ) allowed nine hits and struck out six in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Joe Nathan pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 17 chances . Christian Friedrich ( 4 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Christian Friedrich ( 4 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Friedrich ( 4 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Rockies have lost five of their last six games . The Rockies have lost five of their last six games . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games . The Rockies have lost seven of their last 10 games . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost seven of their last 10 games , including three in a row at home . Friedrich ( 4 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Rockies have lost five of their last six games . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost seven of their last 10 games , including the first two games of the three - game set . They had won seven of their last 10 games , including three in a row .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox have been waiting for Will Middlebrooks to come through in a big way . Middlebrooks hit a tying , two - run homer in the eighth inning and the Red Sox rallied for a 6 - 5 victory over the Miami Marlins on Tuesday night . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the first inning against Daisuke Matsuzaka , who allowed four runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run single by Omar Infante and a run - scoring single by Omar Infante . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Omar Infante and a run - scoring single by Omar Infante . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Omar Infante and a run - scoring single by Omar Infante . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Omar Infante and a run - scoring single by Omar Infante . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Omar Infante and a run - scoring single by Omar Infante . The Red Sox tied it in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Mike Aviles . The Red Sox tied it in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Mike Aviles . The Red Sox tied it in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Mike Aviles . The Red Sox tied it in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Mike Aviles .
PITTSBURGH -- James McDonald did n't walk a batter for the first time this season , and the Pittsburgh Pirates did n't need much help . McDonald pitched a six - hitter for his first career complete game , Garrett Jones hit a two - run homer and the Pirates beat the Minnesota Twins 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . McDonald ( 6 - 3 ) allowed one run and six hits with five strikeouts and no walks in his second complete game of the season . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.85 ERA in his last five starts . Andrew McCutchen had three hits , including a three - run double in the second inning , and Rod Barajas added a two - run homer in the seventh for the Pirates , who have won four of five . Liam Hendriks ( 0 - 4 ) gave up six runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in five - plus innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Twins have lost five of six . The Twins have lost five of six . Liam Hendriks ( 0 - 4 ) gave up six runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in five - plus innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The Twins have lost five of six . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Jered Weaver and the Los Angeles Angels are on a roll . Weaver pitched six innings of two - hit ball , Mark Trumbo and Mark Trumbo homered and the Los Angeles Angels beat the San Francisco Giants 6 - 0 on Tuesday night . Weaver ( 7 - 1 ) allowed two hits over six innings , struck out three and walked two . The right - hander improved to 3 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in four starts against the Giants this season . Ryan Vogelsong ( 6 - 3 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings , struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . Weaver ( 7 - 1 ) allowed two hits over six innings , struck out three and walked two . The right - hander improved to 3 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in four starts against the Giants this season . Ryan Vogelsong ( 6 - 3 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last five starts . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . The Giants have lost five of their last six games .
DETROIT -- Quintin Berry had a big night at the plate . Max Scherzer struck out a career - high 12 in eight innings , Berry had a career - high five hits and the Detroit Tigers beat the Colorado Rockies 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Scherzer ( 6 - 4 ) allowed seven hits , struck out 12 and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out the side in the second , third and fifth innings . Scherzer ( 6 - 4 ) struck out a career - high 12 and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He allowed seven hits , struck out 12 and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Jeremy Guthrie ( 3 - 6 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in three - plus innings . He struck out two and walked two . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Austin Jackson led off with a double and scored on Prince Fielder 's double . Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double made it 1 - 0 in the second , and Ramon Santiago 's two - run single in the third gave the Tigers a 4 - 0 lead . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double . Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double in the second made it 1 - 0 , and Ramon Santiago 's two - run single made it 4 - 0 in the third . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double . Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double made it 1 - 0 in the second , and Santiago 's two - run single made it 4 - 0 in the third .
DETROIT -- Doug Fister did n't get much help from his defense . Fister allowed three hits in six innings , Miguel Cabrera homered and the Detroit Tigers beat the Colorado Rockies 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Fister ( 1 - 3 ) allowed three hits , struck out six and walked one in his first start of the season . Christian Friedrich ( 4 - 3 ) allowed three runs and four hits in five - plus innings . He struck out four and walked five . The Rockies have lost four of five . Christian Friedrich ( 4 - 3 ) allowed three runs and four hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out four . The Rockies have lost five of six . Colorado has lost four of five . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost four of five . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games . Colorado 's Carlos Gonzalez had three hits for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Friedrich ( 4 - 3 ) allowed three runs , two earned , and four hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked five . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Fielder 's sacrifice fly . Cabrera led off the bottom of the first with a homer to right , his second of the season . He also had an RBI single in the fourth .
CHICAGO -- Darwin Barney had a chance to get the Chicago Cubs going . Barney hit a go - ahead two - run double in the sixth inning , and the Cubs beat the Detroit Tigers 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Barney had a two - run double in the sixth inning and a two - run double in the sixth off Phil Coke ( 1 - 3 ) . Carlos Marmol ( 1 - 2 ) got two outs for the win . Shawn Camp pitched the ninth for his first save in as many chances . Phil Coke ( 1 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up an unearned run and two hits in two innings . Carlos Marmol ( 1 - 2 ) got two outs in the eighth for the win . Shawn Camp pitched the ninth for his first save in as many chances . Scherzer allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked five . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Bryan LaHair walked , stole second and scored on Scherzer 's groundout . Scherzer walked the bases loaded with one out in the sixth , but Scherzer struck out Ian Stewart and Ian Stewart to end the inning . Scherzer allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked five . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Bryan LaHair led off with a walk , stole second and scored on Barney 's groundout . Scherzer allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked five . Maholm allowed six hits and two runs in six - plus innings .
ATLANTA -- The New York Yankees are feeling good about themselves . Ivan Nova pitched seven innings of five - hit ball , Raul Ibanez hit a solo homer and the Yankees beat the Atlanta Braves 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Nova ( 8 - 2 ) allowed five hits , struck out six and walked one in seven innings . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.99 ERA in his last four starts . Nova ( 8 - 2 ) gave up five hits , struck out six and walked one in seven innings . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.99 ERA in his last four starts . Randall Delgado ( 4 - 6 ) gave up three runs on five hits and six walks in five innings . The Braves have lost five of six . Randall Delgado ( 4 - 6 ) gave up three runs and five hits in five innings . The Braves have lost five of six . Randall Delgado ( 4 - 6 ) gave up three runs and five hits in five innings . He walked six and struck out five . The Braves have lost five of six . The Braves have lost five of six . Delgado ( 4 - 6 ) gave up three runs and five hits in five innings . He walked six and struck out five . The Braves have lost five of six . Delgado ( 4 - 6 ) gave up three runs and five hits in five innings . He walked six and struck out five . The Braves have lost five of their last six games . Delgado ( 4 - 6 ) gave up five hits and three runs in five innings . He struck out five .
ST. LOUIS -- Kyle Lohse has been the St. Louis Cardinals ' ace . Lohse threw 7 2/3 innings of three - hit ball and Carlos Beltran homered to lead the Cardinals to a 2 - 0 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Lohse ( 6 - 1 ) allowed three hits , walked two and struck out four in 7 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.48 ERA in four starts against the Indians this season . Jason Motte pitched a perfect ninth for his 11th save in 13 chances . Justin Masterson ( 2 - 6 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings for the Indians . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . Masterson ( 2 - 6 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Indians have lost five of six . Masterson ( 2 - 6 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the third time this season . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Indians have lost five of six . Masterson ( 2 - 6 ) gave up five hits and struck out six in seven innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Indians have lost five of six . Masterson ( 2 - 6 ) gave up five hits and struck out six in seven innings . He struck out six .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Francisco Giants have n't had much success against the San Diego Padres this season . Angel Pagan hit a tiebreaking two - run homer in the seventh inning , Matt Cain pitched seven strong innings and the Giants beat the Padres 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Angel Pagan and Angel Pagan also homered for the Giants , who have won four of five . Cain ( 7 - 2 ) allowed three runs , none earned , and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Santiago Casilla got the final four outs for his 15th save in 16 chances . Chase Headley had three hits and two RBIs for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Marquis ( 2 - 5 ) allowed four runs , two earned , and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six , walked one and hit a batter . Ryan Theriot had a career - high four hits , including a run - scoring double in the first inning . The Giants scored three runs in the third to cut San Francisco 's lead to 4 - 3 . Chase Headley hit a two - run double to cut San Francisco 's lead to 4 - 3 . Chase Headley hit a two - run double in the third to cut San Francisco 's lead to 4 - 3 . The Giants had runners on first and third with one out in the fifth , but Cain escaped the jam by getting Jesus Guzman to ground into a double play . San Francisco 's Chase Headley had three hits , including a two - run double in the third and a two - run double in the third .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Mark Trumbo and Torii Hunter hit back - to - back home runs , Garrett Richards pitched seven solid innings and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Seattle Mariners 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Trumbo hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the fifth to give the Angels a 6 - 1 lead . It was Trumbo 's first multihomer game of the season and his first since July 8 , 2009 , against the Los Angeles Angels . Michael Saunders homered for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Blake Beavan ( 3 - 5 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in five innings for the Mariners , who have lost three straight and five of six . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . Beavan allowed six runs and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Beavan was charged with six runs and 10 hits in five innings .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have been waiting for Chad Billingsley to get a win . Billingsley pitched seven strong innings , Elian Herrera hit a go - ahead two - run double in the eighth inning and the Dodgers beat the Philadelphia Phillies 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Billingsley ( 3 - 4 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked one . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth for his eighth save in eight chances . Lee ( 0 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out 12 and walked one . The Phillies have lost four of five . Lee ( 0 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 7 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out 12 . The Phillies have lost four of five . Lee ( 0 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 7 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out 12 . The Phillies have lost four of five . Philadelphia has lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of eight . Philadelphia has lost four of five . The Phillies have lost six of eight . Philadelphia has lost five of six . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Philadelphia has lost five of six . The Phillies have lost six of eight . Philadelphia has scored only seven runs in its last five games . The Phillies have scored three runs or less in five of their last six games . The Phillies have scored three runs or less in five of their last six games . The Phillies have scored three runs or less in five of their last six games .
HOUSTON -- Jose Altuve had four hits and scored three runs to help the Houston Astros to a 9 - 8 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Justin Maxwell hit a two - run homer and Justin Maxwell added a two - run shot for the Astros , who have won four of five . Jaime Garcia ( 3 - 4 ) gave up six runs and five hits in two innings for St. Louis . Garcia ( 3 - 4 ) gave up six runs and five hits in two - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . Garcia ( 3 - 4 ) gave up six runs and five hits in two - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . Garcia ( 3 - 4 ) gave up six runs and five hits in two - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . Garcia ( 3 - 4 ) gave up six runs and five hits in two - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . Garcia ( 3 - 4 ) gave up six runs and five hits in two - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . Garcia ( 3 - 4 ) gave up six runs and five hits in two - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . He gave up six runs and five hits in two - plus innings . Garcia ( 3 - 4 ) gave up six runs and five hits in two - plus innings . He walked two and struck out two . Garcia ( 3 - 4 ) gave up six runs and five hits in two - plus innings . He walked two and struck out two .
HOUSTON -- Houston manager Dusty Baker was happy to see Jordan Lyles get his first win of the season . Lyles allowed five hits and two earned runs in seven innings to lead the Astros to a 5 - 3 win over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Lyles ( 1 - 1 ) allowed five hits and two runs with two walks and three strikeouts in seven innings . Brett Myers pitched a perfect ninth for his 13th save . Arroyo ( 2 - 4 ) allowed eight hits and five runs -- five earned -- in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Arroyo ( 2 - 4 ) allowed eight hits and five runs -- five earned -- with a walk and four strikeouts in 6 1/3 innings . Zack Cozart hit a two - run homer in the third inning for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Arroyo ( 2 - 4 ) allowed eight hits and five runs -- five earned -- with a walk and four strikeouts in 6 1/3 innings . He has given up at least three earned runs in three of his last four starts . Zack Cozart hit a two - run homer in the third inning for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Arroyo ( 2 - 4 ) allowed eight hits and five runs -- five earned -- with a walk and four strikeouts in 6 1/3 innings . He has given up at least three earned runs in each of his five starts this season . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Wallace doubled with one out and scored on a sacrifice fly by Jordan Schafer . Arroyo allowed eight hits and five runs with four strikeouts in 6 1/3 innings .
PHILADELPHIA -- Carlos Zambrano 's first home run of the season came off Joe Blanton . Zambrano pitched into the eighth inning , Jose Reyes hit a two - run double and the Miami Marlins beat the Philadelphia Phillies 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Zambrano ( 4 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . He also hit a two - run double in the seventh . Zambrano ( 4 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Phillies have won five of their last six games . Zambrano ( 4 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Heath Bell got the final two outs for his 12th save in 13 chances . Joe Blanton ( 4 - 6 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in six - plus innings . He struck out six and walked one . Blanton ( 4 - 6 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in six - plus innings . He struck out six and walked one . Blanton ( 4 - 6 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in six - plus innings . He struck out six and walked one . Blanton ( 4 - 6 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in six - plus innings . He struck out six and walked one . Blanton ( 4 - 6 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in six - plus innings . He struck out six and walked one . Blanton ( 4 - 6 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in six - plus innings . He struck out six and walked one .
DETROIT -- Phil Hughes did n't have his best stuff of the season . Hughes pitched a four - hitter for his first career complete game , Alex Rodriguez homered and the New York Yankees beat the Detroit Tigers 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Hughes ( 5 - 5 ) allowed one run and four hits in his first career complete game . He struck out eight and walked three . Hughes ( 5 - 5 ) allowed four hits and three walks while striking out eight in his second complete game of the season . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.30 ERA in his last five starts . Hughes ( 5 - 5 ) allowed one run and four hits in his first career complete game . He struck out eight and walked three . The Yankees took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Jeter 's leadoff homer and a sacrifice fly by Mark Teixeira . Jeter led off the third with a homer to right , and Robinson Cano 's RBI double in the fifth made it 5 - 1 . Verlander ( 5 - 4 ) allowed five runs -- three earned -- and nine hits in 6 2 - 3 innings . He struck out four and walked four . Rodriguez hit his < unk > career leadoff homer in the first inning . He also hit a solo shot in the third inning of a 6 - 3 win over the New York Yankees on April 8 . The Yankees took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Mark Teixeira 's sacrifice fly and a sacrifice fly by Mark Teixeira . The Yankees made it 3 - 0 in the third when Jeter led off with a double and scored on Mark Teixeira 's sacrifice fly . The Yankees made it 3 - 0 in the third on back - to - back homers by Jeter and Rodriguez . Jeter led off the bottom half with his 15th homer of the year , and Robinson Cano 's RBI double made it 2 - 0 .
CHICAGO -- The Seattle Mariners had n't won a game in a month . Ichiro Suzuki homered twice , including a go - ahead single in the 12th inning , and the Mariners beat the Chicago White Sox 10 - 8 on Tuesday night . Michael Saunders had four hits , including a two - run homer , and Justin Smoak also went deep for the Mariners , who won for just the third time in nine games . Suzuki hit a leadoff homer in the first inning and added a two - run shot in the fourth to give the Mariners a 5 - 3 lead . It was Suzuki 's third career multihomer game and third this season . It was his third career multihomer game and third this season . He also hit a solo shot in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the fourth . Tom Wilhelmsen ( 2 - 1 ) pitched three innings of one - hit relief for the win . Hisashi Iwakuma pitched the 12th for his second save in as many chances . Suzuki hit a leadoff homer in the first inning and added a two - run shot in the fourth to give the Mariners a 5 - 3 lead . The White Sox tied it in the bottom of the inning on Beckham 's two - run homer , but the Mariners answered in the bottom half on Beckham 's two - run homer . Beckham hit a two - run homer in the second , and Dayan Viciedo 's solo shot in the fourth cut the Mariners ' lead to 5 - 4 . Beckham hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the inning to give the White Sox a 6 - 5 lead . Beckham hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the inning to give the White Sox a 6 - 5 lead . Beckham hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the inning to give the White Sox a 6 - 5 lead . The White Sox tied it in the bottom half on Beckham 's two - run homer , his third of the season . The White Sox tied it in the bottom of the inning on Beckham 's two - run homer . The White Sox tied it in the bottom of the inning on Beckham 's two - run homer . The White Sox tied it in the bottom of the inning on Beckham 's two - run homer . The White Sox tied it in the bottom of the inning on Beckham 's two - run homer . The White Sox tied it in the bottom of the inning on Beckham 's two - run homer . The White Sox tied it in the bottom of the inning on Beckham 's two - run homer , his third of the season .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Jered Weaver and the Los Angeles Angels finally got to Derek Holland in a 6 - 2 victory over the Texas Rangers on Wednesday night . Weaver ( 14 - 1 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings , striking out three and walking one . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in his last seven starts . Weaver ( 14 - 1 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Angels have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Weaver ( 14 - 1 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Angels have won five of their past six games . Derek Holland ( 7 - 6 ) gave up three homers , including three homers , in 6 2/3 innings . He allowed five runs and five hits , including three homers , in 6 2/3 innings . Holland ( 7 - 6 ) gave up five runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out five . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . The Rangers have lost five of six . Texas starter Derek Holland ( 7 - 6 ) gave up five runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out five . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost five of six . Texas has lost five of six . The Rangers have lost five of six .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox did n't need much help from Justin Verlander . Jacoby Ellsbury and Pedro Ciriaco had RBI singles in a four - run fourth inning , and the Red Sox beat the Detroit Tigers 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Beckett ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one hit in 2 2/3 innings , striking out one and walking three . Franklin Morales got the final out for his first career save . Verlander ( 11 - 7 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out six . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Miguel Cabrera 's bases - loaded walk . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Miguel Cabrera 's bases - loaded walk . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Miguel Cabrera 's bases - loaded walk . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Miguel Cabrera 's bases - loaded walk . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Miguel Cabrera 's bases - loaded walk . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Miguel Cabrera 's bases - loaded walk . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Miguel Cabrera 's bases - loaded walk . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Miguel Cabrera 's bases - loaded walk . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Miguel Cabrera 's bases - loaded walk .
BALTIMORE -- Wei-Yin Chen struck out a career - high 12 in 5 2/3 innings , Matt Wieters hit a three - run homer and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Oakland Athletics 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Chen ( 9 - 6 ) gave up an unearned run and three hits in 5 2/3 innings , walking four and striking out a career - high 12 . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.20 ERA over his last four starts . Baltimore 's Travis Blackley ( 3 - 3 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out one . Travis Blackley ( 3 - 3 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Oakland has lost five of six . The A 's have lost five of six and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . The A 's have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . The A 's have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . The A 's have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . The A 's have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Oakland has lost six of seven . The A 's have lost four of five . Oakland went up 1 - 0 in the third inning when J. J. Hardy doubled and scored on a double by Adam Jones . The A 's made it 5 - 0 in the fifth when J. J. Hardy doubled and scored on a throwing error by third baseman Chris Carter .
CHICAGO -- Anthony Rizzo was n't sure if he 'd hit a game - ending homer in the 10th inning of a game at Wrigley Field . Rizzo hit a game - ending two - run homer in the 10th inning , lifting the Chicago Cubs to a 4 - 2 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . The Cubs have won six of seven and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . James Russell ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th to earn the win . Carlos Beltran homered off Shawn Camp in the eighth to tie it 2 - 2 . James Russell ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . Carlos Beltran homered off Shawn Camp in the eighth to tie it 2 - 2 . It was Beltran 's third homer of the season and second in two games . James Russell ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . Carlos Beltran homered off Shawn Camp in the eighth to tie it 2 - 2 . It was Beltran 's second homer of the season and second in two games . James Russell ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . Carlos Beltran homered off Shawn Camp in the eighth to tie it 2 - 2 . It was the first homer of the season for Beltran , who was acquired in a trade with the Los Angeles Dodgers on July 31 . The Cardinals had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Maholm struck out Allen Craig to end the inning . The Cardinals had runners on second and third with one out in the seventh , but Maholm struck out Allen Craig to end the threat .
ATLANTA -- Mike Minor and the rest of the Atlanta Braves have been waiting for the right - hander to get a win . Minor pitched eight strong innings , Chipper Jones drove in the go - ahead run with a sacrifice fly and the Braves beat the Philadelphia Phillies 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Minor ( 6 - 7 ) allowed four hits and one run in eight innings . He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth for his 30th save in 34 chances . Joe Blanton ( 8 - 9 ) gave up four hits and two runs in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Chase Utley hit a solo homer for the Phillies , who have lost five of six . Blanton ( 8 - 9 ) gave up four hits and two runs in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Phillies have lost five of six . Blanton ( 8 - 9 ) gave up four hits and two runs in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Phillies have lost five of six . Blanton ( 8 - 9 ) gave up four hits , two runs , one walk and struck out seven in seven innings . He has lost three straight starts for the first time this season . The Phillies have lost five of six . The Phillies have lost five of six . Blanton ( 8 - 9 ) gave up four hits and two runs with one walk and seven strikeouts in seven innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Phillies have lost five of six .
NEW YORK -- Russell Martin and the New York Yankees are starting to look like a team . Granderson homered and drove in four runs , Phil Hughes pitched seven solid innings and the Yankees routed the Boston Red Sox 10 - 3 on Tuesday night . Raul Ibanez hit a two - run homer and Raul Ibanez added a two - run shot for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Phil Hughes ( 10 - 8 ) allowed three runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Aaron Cook ( 2 - 4 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in four - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . Dustin Pedroia and Dustin Pedroia hit back - to - back homers for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Cook ( 2 - 4 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in four - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against the Yankees this season . Dustin Pedroia and Dustin Pedroia hit back - to - back home runs in the third for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Cook ( 2 - 4 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in four - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander gave up a career - high six earned runs in four - plus innings in his previous start against the New York Yankees . The Red Sox have lost five of their last six games and have dropped eight of 10 overall .
ST. LOUIS -- Cardinals manager Mike Matheny was happy to see the Los Angeles Dodgers lose their first game of the season . Rafael Furcal hit a game - ending RBI single with two outs in the 12th inning , lifting the Cardinals to a 3 - 2 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Tuesday night . Fernando Salas ( 1 - 3 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Fernando Salas ( 1 - 3 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Aaron Harang allowed two runs and two hits in 7 1/3 innings for the Dodgers . He struck out eight and walked four . Fernando Salas ( 1 - 3 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Aaron Harang allowed two runs and two hits in 7 1/3 innings for the Dodgers . He struck out eight and walked four . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost five of six . Harang allowed two runs and two hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked four . Harang allowed two runs and two hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out eight and did not walk a batter . Harang allowed two runs and two hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked four . Harang allowed two runs and two hits in 7 1/3 innings .
PITTSBURGH -- Kevin Correia has been the subject of trade speculation . Correia pitched six effective innings , Neil Walker homered and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Chicago Cubs 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Correia ( 8 - 6 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings , striking out four and walking two . Joel Hanrahan pitched a perfect ninth for his 29th save in 34 opportunities . Ryan Dempster ( 5 - 5 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings with six strikeouts and no walks . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . Anthony Rizzo hit a solo homer in the first inning for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Dempster ( 5 - 5 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Dempster ( 5 - 5 ) was charged with three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Pirates have lost four of five . Dempster ( 5 - 5 ) was charged with three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . The Pirates have lost four of five . Dempster ( 5 - 5 ) was charged with three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . The Pirates have lost four of five . Dempster ( 5 - 5 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and did not walk a batter .
HOUSTON -- Cincinnati Reds manager Dusty Baker was happy with his team 's offense . Mat Latos pitched five effective innings , Ryan Ludwick had three hits and drove in two runs and the Reds beat the Houston Astros 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Todd Frazier had three hits and drove in two runs , and Todd Frazier had three hits and drove in two runs for the Reds , who have won four of five . Mat Latos ( 8 - 3 ) allowed eight hits and two runs in five innings for the Reds , who have won four of five . Latos ( 8 - 3 ) allowed eight hits and two runs with three strikeouts in five innings . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.70 ERA in his last four starts . Latos ( 8 - 3 ) allowed eight hits and two runs with three strikeouts in five innings . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.70 ERA in his last four starts . Latos ( 8 - 3 ) allowed eight hits and two runs in five innings . He struck out three and walked two . Houston starter Wandy Rodriguez ( 7 - 9 ) allowed seven hits and three runs in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . Houston starter Wandy Rodriguez ( 7 - 9 ) allowed seven hits and three runs in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . Houston starter Wandy Rodriguez ( 7 - 9 ) allowed seven hits and three runs in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . Houston starter Wandy Rodriguez ( 7 - 9 ) allowed seven hits and three runs in six innings . He struck out six .
NEW YORK -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have n't had much success against the New York Mets this season . Juan Uribe homered and drove in four runs , Chris Capuano pitched seven solid innings and the Dodgers beat the Mets 8 - 5 on Tuesday night . Juan Uribe homered and drove in four runs , and Chris Capuano ( 10 - 5 ) struck out a season - high nine in seven innings to win his third straight start . The right - hander allowed three runs and eight hits , struck out nine and walked one . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth for his 18th save in 21 chances . He walked Andres Torres with the bases loaded and pinch - hitter Daniel Murphy followed with a run - scoring groundout . Scott Hairston hit an RBI triple and scored on Scott Hairston 's groundout to make it 6 - 5 . Scott Hairston hit an RBI triple and scored on Scott Hairston 's groundout . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth for his 18th save in 21 chances . Miguel Batista ( 1 - 3 ) gave up four runs and five hits in three - plus innings . He walked three and struck out two . Ronny Cedeno hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Miguel Batista ( 1 - 3 ) gave up four runs and five hits in three - plus innings . He walked three , hit a batter and threw a wild pitch . Batista ( 1 - 3 ) labored through three innings , giving up four runs and five hits . He walked three , hit a batter and threw a wild pitch . The Mets scored twice in the eighth to make it 6 - 5 . Scott Hairston hit an RBI triple and scored on a groundout by Kirk Nieuwenhuis .
WASHINGTON -- The Atlanta Braves ' biggest comeback win of the season came to an end . Brian McCann hit a three - run homer , Dan Uggla scored four times and the Braves beat the Washington Nationals 11 - 10 on Tuesday night . Dan Uggla went 3 - for - 2 with two walks and scored four runs for the Braves , who have won four of five . Atlanta 's Michael Morse had three hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in three runs , and Danny Espinosa also went deep for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Michael Morse had three hits , including a three - run homer , and Danny Espinosa also went deep for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Michael Morse had three hits and drove in three runs for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Ryan Zimmerman had three hits and three RBIs for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Ryan Zimmerman had three hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in three runs for the Nationals . Steve Lombardozzi had three hits and drove in two runs for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Steve Lombardozzi had three hits and drove in two runs for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Washington starter Tommy Hanson gave up eight runs and eight hits in four innings . He struck out five and walked four . The Nationals scored three runs in the eighth off Luis Avilan , who gave up a run - scoring single to Morse and a two - run single to Steve Lombardozzi . Chad Durbin pitched the 11th for his first save .
CLEVELAND -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting for Derek Lowe to come through in a big way . Ryan Flaherty hit a three - run homer , Miguel Gonzalez pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Cleveland Indians 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Ryan Flaherty hit a three - run homer and Mark Reynolds had a two - run double for the Orioles , who have won three straight and five of six . Miguel Gonzalez ( 2 - 1 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . The right - hander struck out five and walked two . Derek Lowe ( 8 - 8 ) gave up a season - high nine runs in three innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander has gone at least six innings in each of his five starts this season . The Indians have lost five of six . Miguel Gonzalez ( 2 - 1 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . The right - hander struck out five and walked two . Derek Lowe ( 8 - 8 ) gave up a season - high nine runs in three innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander has gone at least six innings in each of his last seven starts . The Indians have lost five of six . Lowe ( 8 - 8 ) gave up seven hits and walked five in three - plus innings . The right - hander has gone at least six innings in each of his five starts this season . The Indians have lost five of six . Lowe ( 8 - 8 ) gave up seven hits and walked five in three - plus innings . The right - hander has gone at least six innings in each of his last seven starts .
SAN DIEGO -- Edinson Volquez did n't allow a hit until Matt Downs ' one - out single in the ninth inning , and the San Diego Padres beat the Houston Astros 1 - 0 on Wednesday night . Volquez ( 6 - 7 ) allowed one hit and three walks while striking out five . He threw 75 of his 117 pitches for strikes . Volquez ( 6 - 7 ) allowed one hit and three walks while striking out five . He threw 75 of his 117 pitches for strikes . Volquez ( 6 - 7 ) struck out five and walked three . He threw 117 pitches , 75 for strikes . He threw 75 of his 117 pitches for strikes . Volquez ( 6 - 7 ) struck out five and walked three . He threw 117 pitches , 75 for strikes . He threw 75 of his 117 pitches for strikes . Volquez ( 6 - 7 ) struck out five and walked three . He threw 117 pitches , 75 for strikes . He threw 75 of his 117 pitches for strikes . The Astros have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Astros have lost four of five . Harrell ( 7 - 7 ) allowed four hits , struck out six and walked one in seven innings . He had six strikeouts and one walk . The Astros were shut out for the third time this season . The Astros were shut out for the third time this season . The Astros were shut out for the third time this season . The Astros were shut out for the third time this season . The Astros were shut out for the third time this season .
CINCINNATI -- Brandon Phillips had a big night for the Cincinnati Reds . Phillips hit a go - ahead , three - run homer in the sixth inning , and the Reds rallied for a 7 - 6 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night . Phillips hit a three - run homer off Joe Saunders in the sixth inning and drove in five runs , including a three - run shot in the sixth inning that made it 6 - 3 . Alfredo Simon ( 2 - 1 ) got the win with 1 2/3 innings of scoreless relief . Aroldis Chapman struck out two in a perfect ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . Aaron Hill hit a two - run homer for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Alfredo Simon ( 2 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings for the win . Aroldis Chapman struck out two in a perfect ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on Chris Young 's RBI single and Paul Goldschmidt 's run - scoring single . Blanco 's homer in the sixth gave Arizona a 6 - 0 lead , but the Reds responded with three runs in the bottom half against Bryan Shaw ( 1 - 4 ) . Phillips hit a three - run homer off Joe Saunders , who allowed four hits and three runs with three walks and five strikeouts in six - plus innings . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a run - scoring single by Chris Young and a run - scoring single by Blanco that made it 2 - 0 . Blanco 's homer in the sixth gave Arizona a 6 - 0 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Saunders this season .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Jesus Montero had a big night at the plate . Montero homered and drove in four runs , Felix Hernandez pitched eight strong innings and the Seattle Mariners beat the Kansas City Royals 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Montero had three hits , including a solo homer , and drove in four runs for the Mariners , who have won four of five . Hernandez ( 8 - 5 ) allowed one run and eight hits in eight innings . He walked one and struck out three . Will Smith ( 1 - 3 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Smith ( 1 - 3 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . Smith ( 1 - 3 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . Smith ( 1 - 3 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Royals scored a run in the fifth on a single by Chris Getz and a run - scoring single by Chris Getz . Chris Getz 's RBI single in the fifth scored Eric Hosmer , who had doubled , to make it 4 - 1 . Chris Getz 's RBI single in the fifth scored Eric Hosmer , who had doubled , to make it 4 - 1 . Chris Getz had an RBI single in the fifth for the Royals .
BOSTON -- Cody Ross and the Boston Red Sox are on a roll . Ross homered twice and drove in a career - high six runs , Felix Doubront pitched six strong innings and the Red Sox beat the Chicago White Sox 10 - 1 on Tuesday night . Ross hit a three - run homer in the third inning and added a three - run shot in the fourth . He also had a two - run single in the sixth and added a two - run single in the sixth . Ross hit a three - run homer off Pedro Hernandez ( 0 - 1 ) in the third inning and added a two - run single in the sixth . The Red Sox have won three straight and five of six . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Paul Konerko . The White Sox tied it in the bottom of the first on a two - out RBI single by Gonzalez . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom of the first on a two - out RBI single by Gonzalez .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals have n't had much success against the Seattle Mariners this season . Alex Gordon had three hits , including a go - ahead two - run double in the fourth inning , and the Royals beat the Mariners 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Billy Butler had three hits , including a home run , and Alex Gordon had three hits and two RBIs for the Royals , who took two of three from the Mariners . Casper Wells had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Ichiro Suzuki had three hits for the Mariners . Greg Holland ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth to pick up the win . Billy Butler had three hits , including a home run , and Alex Gordon had three hits and two RBIs for the Royals . Greg Holland ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth to pick up the win . Royals starter Bruce Chen allowed four runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He did n't issue a walk , struck out six and walked none . Bruce Chen allowed four runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Mariners . He struck out six and did n't issue a walk . Bruce Chen gave up four runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Mariners . He struck out six and did n't issue a walk . Bruce Chen allowed four runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Mariners . He did n't issue a walk , struck out six and walked none . Bruce Chen allowed four runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings for Seattle .
CHICAGO -- Carlos Lee 's first career grand slam put the Miami Marlins ahead to stay . Lee hit a grand slam , Hanley Ramirez and Hanley Ramirez also homered and the Marlins beat the Chicago Cubs 9 - 5 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight win . Lee hit a two - run homer off Travis Wood ( 4 - 4 ) in the fourth inning and added a run - scoring single in the fifth to help the Marlins snap a three - game losing streak . The Marlins have won three straight and five of six . The Marlins have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 on their homestand . The Cubs have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 on their current homestand . The Cubs have lost six of seven and have dropped five of six . The Cubs have lost five of six . The Cubs have lost five of six . The Cubs have lost five of six and fell to a season - worst 11 games under .500 . The Cubs have lost five of six . The Cubs have lost five of six . The Cubs have lost five of six . The Cubs have lost five of six . The Cubs have lost five of six . The Cubs have lost five of six . The Cubs have lost five of six . The Cubs have lost five of six . The Cubs have lost five of six . The Cubs have lost five of six . The Cubs have lost five of six . The Cubs had 13 hits , including three singles , a walk and a hit batter . Lee hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 3 - 0 . It was his first career grand slam .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox have been waiting for Adrian Gonzalez to find a way to beat the Chicago White Sox . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the eighth inning and the Red Sox beat the White Sox 5 - 1 on Tuesday night , snapping Chicago 's three - game winning streak . The Red Sox have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . Vicente Padilla ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Boston starter Aaron Cook allowed an unearned run and five hits in seven innings , striking out a season - high eight . Boston 's Dylan Axelrod allowed one run and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter . Dylan Axelrod allowed one run and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings for the White Sox . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Kevin Youkilis singled , stole second and scored on Cook 's wild pitch . The White Sox tied it in the bottom of the first on a single by Cody Ross and an RBI single by Mike Aviles . The White Sox tied it in the bottom of the inning when Ortiz walked , stole second and scored on Mike Aviles ' single . The White Sox tied it in the bottom of the inning when Ortiz walked , stole second and scored on Mike Aviles ' single . The White Sox tied it in the bottom of the inning when Ortiz walked , stole second and scored on Mike Aviles ' single .
SEATTLE -- Matt Harrison has been the Texas Rangers ' ace . Harrison pitched a five - hitter for his first career shutout , Ian Kinsler homered and the Rangers beat the Seattle Mariners 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Harrison ( 12 - 4 ) pitched a five - hitter for his first career shutout , allowing five hits and walking four . He threw 114 pitches , 72 for strikes . Harrison ( 12 - 4 ) allowed five hits , walked four and struck out three . He threw 114 pitches , 72 for strikes . Harrison ( 12 - 4 ) allowed five hits , walked four and struck out three . He threw 114 pitches , 72 for strikes . Harrison ( 12 - 4 ) allowed five hits , walked four and struck out three . He threw 114 pitches , 72 for strikes . Harrison ( 12 - 4 ) allowed five hits , walked four and struck out three . He threw 114 pitches , 72 for strikes . Harrison ( 12 - 4 ) allowed five hits , struck out three and walked four . He threw 114 pitches , 72 for strikes . Harrison walked four and struck out three . He threw 114 pitches , 72 for strikes . Harrison ( 12 - 4 ) allowed five hits , walked four and struck out three . He threw 114 pitches , 72 for strikes . The Mariners were shut out for the third time this season . The Mariners were shut out for the third time this season . The Mariners were shut out for the third time this season . The Mariners were shut out for the third time this season . The Mariners were shut out for the third time this season .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Adam Dunn and the Chicago White Sox finally found a way to beat the Kansas City Royals . Dunn hit a go - ahead , three - run homer in the top of the 14th inning , and the White Sox beat the Royals 9 - 8 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight win . The White Sox won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 6 - 1 against the Royals this season . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League .
PHOENIX -- Arizona 's Trevor Cahill did n't get much help from his offense . Jason Kubel homered with two outs in the eighth inning , and the Diamondbacks beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Cahill ( 7 - 7 ) allowed three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . J. J. Putz pitched the ninth for his 16th save in 17 chances . Chad Billingsley ( 4 - 9 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings for the Dodgers . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Billingsley ( 4 - 9 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Dodgers have lost five of their last six games . The Dodgers have lost four of five . Billingsley ( 4 - 9 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Billingsley got Aaron Hill to ground into a double play to end the threat . Billingsley ( 4 - 9 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Billingsley got Aaron Hill to ground into a double play to end the threat .
NEW YORK -- Anthony Rizzo and the Chicago Cubs are on a roll . Rizzo had four hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in three runs , leading the Cubs to an 8 - 7 victory over the New York Mets on Monday night . Rizzo had four hits , including a three - run homer in the fifth inning , and Jeff Baker also homered for the Cubs , who have won four of five . Travis Wood ( 4 - 3 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings for the Cubs , who have won four of five . Wood ( 4 - 3 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He struck out three and walked four . The Mets had a season - high 18 hits . Santana ( 6 - 5 ) allowed a season - high seven runs and 13 hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Mets have lost four straight and six of seven . Santana ( 6 - 5 ) was tagged for seven runs and 13 hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . Santana ( 6 - 5 ) allowed a season - high seven runs and 13 hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Mets have lost four straight and six of seven . Santana ( 6 - 5 ) allowed a season - high seven runs and 13 hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Mets have lost four straight and six of seven . Santana ( 6 - 5 ) allowed a season - high seven runs and 13 hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Mets have lost six of seven .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Kendrys Morales had three hits and drove in three runs , and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Baltimore Orioles 9 - 7 on Tuesday night . Morales hit a two - run single in the fourth inning and drove in the go - ahead run with a two - out single in the fourth . He also stole three bases and scored two runs . LaTroy Hawkins ( 2 - 1 ) got two outs in the sixth for the win . Ernesto Frieri pitched the ninth for his 11th save in 13 chances . Luis Ayala ( 2 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and four hits over 1 1/3 innings in his first major league appearance since Sept. 28 , 2011 , for the Los Angeles Angels against the Los Angeles Angels . LaTroy Hawkins ( 2 - 1 ) got the final two outs of the sixth to earn the win . Ernesto Frieri pitched the ninth for his 11th save in 13 chances . Luis Ayala ( 2 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and four hits over 1 1/3 innings in his first major league appearance since Sept. 28 , 2009 , when he was with the Los Angeles Dodgers . The Angels ' bullpen gave up three runs and four hits in the fourth , including a two - run single by Morales that made it 8 - 7 . LaTroy Hawkins ( 2 - 1 ) got the final two outs of the sixth to earn the win . Ernesto Frieri pitched the ninth for his 11th save in 13 chances . Baltimore starter Garrett Richards gave up a season - high seven runs -- seven earned -- and 10 hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three .
PHOENIX -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are making a habit of their own . Scott Van Slyke and Elian Herrera hit solo home runs , Nathan Eovaldi pitched six solid innings and the Dodgers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Scott Van Slyke and Elian Herrera also homered for the Dodgers , who have won three of four . Wade Miley ( 9 - 5 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Miley ( 9 - 5 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Miley ( 9 - 5 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Miley ( 9 - 5 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Juan Rivera 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by Juan Rivera . The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the second on a two - out RBI single by Stephen Drew . The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the second on a run - scoring single by Stephen Drew and a single by Stephen Drew . The Diamondbacks cut it to 2 - 1 in the second on a two - out RBI single by Stephen Drew , but Herrera tied it with a solo homer in the fourth . Herrera 's solo homer in the seventh made it 4 - 1 . Miley allowed four runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings .
NEW YORK -- Phil Hughes has been a big part of the New York Yankees ' rotation . Robinson Cano hit a two - run homer , Hughes pitched eight effective innings and the Yankees beat the Chicago White Sox 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hughes ( 9 - 6 ) allowed two runs and six hits in eight innings , striking out eight and walking one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts against the White Sox . Rafael Soriano worked the ninth for his 18th save in 21 chances . Gavin Floyd ( 6 - 8 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings for Chicago , which has lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . Gavin Floyd ( 6 - 8 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings for Chicago , which has lost four of five . Floyd ( 6 - 8 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked five . Floyd ( 6 - 8 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked five . Floyd ( 6 - 8 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked five . The White Sox have lost four of five . Floyd ( 6 - 8 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked five . The White Sox have lost five of six and are a major league - worst 32 - 19 at home .
SAN DIEGO -- Kris Medlen and the rest of the Atlanta Braves have been waiting for him to get a win . Medlen pitched eight shutout innings , Dan Uggla and Dan Uggla hit solo homers and the Braves beat the San Diego Padres 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Medlen ( 6 - 1 ) struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Craig Kimbrel struck out the side in the ninth for his 32nd save in 34 chances . Andrew Werner ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings for the Padres . He struck out seven and walked none . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . Werner allowed two runs and four hits in six innings , struck out a career - high seven and walked none . The right - hander struck out a career - high seven in his first start of the season . Werner gave up two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked none . Werner , who was recalled from Triple-A Tucson before the game , allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked none . Werner , who was recalled from Triple-A Tucson before the game , allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked none .
PHILADELPHIA -- The New York Mets have been waiting for a long time to come out of the All-Star break . Mike Baxter hit a two - run homer in the 10th inning , and the Mets beat the Philadelphia Phillies 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Mike Baxter and Mike Baxter also homered for the Mets , who have won four of five . Bobby Parnell ( 4 - 3 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Mike Baxter hit a two - run homer and David Wright had two hits and drove in two runs for the Mets , who have won four of five . Bobby Parnell ( 4 - 3 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Mike Baxter hit a two - run homer and David Wright had two hits and drove in two runs for the Mets . Bobby Parnell ( 4 - 3 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Mike Baxter hit a two - run homer and David Wright had two hits and an RBI for the Mets . Bobby Parnell ( 4 - 3 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Phillies starter Vance Worley gave up four runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . The Phillies jumped ahead 1 - 0 in the first on Ike Davis ' RBI single . The Phillies tied it in the fourth on Wright 's sacrifice fly . The Phillies tied it in the fifth on Wright 's sacrifice fly . Duda had an RBI double in the eighth and scored on Wright 's sacrifice fly to make it 7 - 5 . Wright had an RBI double in the first and scored on a sacrifice fly by Wright .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox have been waiting for Daisuke Matsuzaka to find a way to beat the Kansas City Royals . Matsuzaka pitched seven innings of five - hit ball , Cody Ross drove in three runs and the Red Sox beat the Royals 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Matsuzaka ( 1 - 3 ) allowed an unearned run and five hits in seven innings , striking out six and walking two . Boston 's Luke Hochevar ( 7 - 12 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in a season - high eight innings . He struck out six , walked one and hit a batter . Jacoby Ellsbury homered for the Red Sox , who won for just the second time in nine games . Luke Hochevar ( 7 - 12 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in a season - high eight innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Alex Gordon . Alex Gordon 's sacrifice fly in the first gave the Royals a 1 - 0 lead . Alex Gordon 's sacrifice fly in the first gave the Royals a 1 - 0 lead . Alex Gordon 's sacrifice fly in the first gave the Royals a 1 - 0 lead . Alex Gordon 's sacrifice fly in the first gave the Royals a 1 - 0 lead . Alex Gordon 's sacrifice fly in the first gave the Royals a 1 - 0 lead . Alex Gordon 's sacrifice fly in the first gave the Royals a 1 - 0 lead . Alex Gordon had a sacrifice fly in the first .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Felix Hernandez and the rest of the Seattle Mariners ' offense did n't get much better against the Minnesota Twins . Hernandez threw a five - hitter , Eric Thames homered and the Mariners beat the Twins 1 - 0 on Wednesday night . Hernandez ( 13 - 5 ) allowed five hits , struck out five and walked one . He threw 100 pitches , 69 for strikes . Hernandez ( 13 - 5 ) gave up five hits , struck out five and walked one . He threw 100 pitches , 69 for strikes . Hernandez ( 13 - 5 ) gave up five hits , struck out five and walked one . He threw 69 of 100 pitches for strikes in his second complete game of the season . Hernandez ( 13 - 5 ) gave up five hits , struck out five and walked one . He threw 69 of 100 pitches for strikes in his second complete game of the season . Seattle 's Liam Hendriks ( 0 - 7 ) gave up three hits and three walks while striking out six in nine innings . The Twins have lost five of their past six games . Hendriks ( 0 - 7 ) gave up one run and three hits in nine innings . He struck out six and walked three . The Twins have been shut out three times this season . The Twins have been shut out three times this season . The Twins were shut out for the third time this season . The Twins have been shut out three times this season and have scored only three runs in their last four games . Hendriks ( 0 - 7 ) allowed three hits and three walks while striking out six in nine innings .
LOS ANGELES -- The Miami Marlins have won four of their last five games . Giancarlo Stanton and Carlos Lee hit back - to - back home runs in the ninth inning , and the Marlins beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 6 - 2 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Rob Brantly hit a two - run homer and Rob Brantly added a two - run shot for the Marlins , who took two of three from the Dodgers . Jose Reyes and Carlos Lee also homered for the Marlins , who have won four of five . Aaron Harang ( 9 - 8 ) gave up three runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out four and walked one . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Adrian Gonzalez 's two - out RBI single . The Dodgers tied it 1 - 1 in the fourth on Carlos Lee 's two - out solo homer to left - center . The Marlins tied it in the fourth on Brantly 's two - out , two - run shot that made it 3 - 1 . Reyes led off the ninth with his 19th homer , a solo shot off Shawn Tolleson , and Rob Brantly added a solo shot in the ninth off Shawn Tolleson . It was the second time this season the Marlins have hit back - to - back home runs , and the first time they 've scored more than three runs in a game since July 8 , 2010 , when they did it against the Los Angeles Dodgers . Harang ( 9 - 8 ) was charged with three runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one .
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles finally found a way to beat the Toronto Blue Jays . J. J. Hardy homered and drove in two runs , Steve Johnson pitched six innings of four - hit ball and the Orioles beat the Blue Jays 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . J. J. Hardy had three hits , including a two - run homer , and J. J. Hardy had three hits , including a two - run homer , and J. J. Hardy had three hits , including a two - run homer , and J. J. Hardy had three hits , including a two - run homer , and J. J. Hardy had three hits , including a two - run homer , and J. J. Hardy had three hits , including a two - run homer , and J. J. Hardy also went deep for the Orioles , who have won three straight and five of six . Steve Johnson ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings , striking out seven and walking two . The right - hander was recalled from Triple-A Norfolk earlier in the day . Baltimore starter Brandon Morrow ( 7 - 5 ) allowed four runs -- two earned -- and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Baltimore starter Brandon Morrow ( 7 - 5 ) allowed four runs -- two earned -- and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning when Edwin Encarnacion hit a two - out , two - run homer in the first inning , but the Orioles answered in the bottom half . Hardy led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Adam Jones . In the bottom half , Hardy doubled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Adam Jones . In the bottom half , Hardy doubled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Adam Jones .
CLEVELAND -- Indians manager Manny Acta was n't happy with the New York Yankees . Michael Brantley hit a three - run homer and Justin Masterson pitched into the seventh inning to lead the Indians to a 3 - 1 win over the Yankees on Tuesday night . Justin Masterson ( 10 - 11 ) allowed one run and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings to win for the first time in six starts . He struck out six and walked two . Michael Brantley hit a three - run homer in the first off Hiroki Kuroda ( 12 - 9 ) , who gave up three runs and four hits in a season - high eight innings . Justin Masterson ( 10 - 11 ) allowed one run and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings to win for the first time in five starts . He struck out six and walked two . Chris Perez pitched the ninth for his 33rd save . Kuroda ( 12 - 9 ) gave up three runs and four hits in eight innings . He struck out six and walked two . The right - hander is 0 - 5 in his last seven starts . The Yankees have lost five of their last six games . New York has lost five of its last six games . The Yankees have lost six of seven . Kuroda ( 12 - 9 ) gave up three runs and four hits over eight innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Yankees have lost five of their last six games . New York has lost five of its last six games . The Yankees have lost five of their last six games . New York has lost six of seven .
PHOENIX -- The San Diego Padres are n't going to have a winning formula for the San Diego Padres . Yonder Alonso homered and drove in three runs , Clayton Richard pitched eight strong innings and the Padres beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 9 - 3 on Tuesday night . Richard ( 11 - 12 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in eight innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Padres have won six of their last seven games . Richard ( 11 - 12 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in eight innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Diamondbacks have won four of five . Ian Kennedy ( 11 - 11 ) allowed six runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out six . Justin Upton hit a two - run homer in the second inning for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Kennedy ( 11 - 11 ) gave up six runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out six . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Justin Upton . The Padres tied it at 2 in the fourth on Headley 's sacrifice fly and Headley 's sacrifice fly . Headley 's sacrifice fly in the eighth made it 7 - 2 . Headley 's sacrifice fly in the eighth extended the Padres ' lead to 7 - 2 . Headley 's sacrifice fly in the eighth made it 7 - 2 . Headley 's sacrifice fly in the eighth made it 7 - 2 , and Headley 's sacrifice fly made it 7 - 2 .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Ian Kinsler had three hits , including a three - run homer in the second inning , and the Texas Rangers beat the Minnesota Twins 9 - 3 on Tuesday night . Kinsler had three hits , including a three - run triple in the third and a three - run triple in the third that made it 9 - 0 . Kinsler had a three - run triple in the third and a three - run triple in the third off Brian Duensing ( 3 - 9 ) to give the Rangers a 9 - 0 lead . Kinsler had a three - run triple in the third and a three - run triple in the third to make it 9 - 0 . Duensing ( 3 - 9 ) allowed a season - high nine earned runs and 10 hits in 2 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . Duensing ( 3 - 9 ) gave up a career - high nine runs and 10 hits in 2 1/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . Duensing ( 3 - 9 ) gave up a career - high nine runs and 10 hits in 2 1/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . Duensing ( 3 - 9 ) gave up a career - high nine runs and 10 hits in 2 1/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . Duensing ( 3 - 9 ) gave up a career - high nine runs and 10 hits in 2 1/3 innings . The right - hander was coming off a three - hit shutout against the Los Angeles Angels in his previous start , when he gave up seven runs in 4 1/3 innings .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are n't going to let Chad Billingsley get a win . Andre Ethier hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs , Andre Ethier had a three - run homer and the Dodgers beat the Miami Marlins 11 - 4 on Tuesday night . Hanley Ramirez and Juan Rivera also homered for the Dodgers , who have won six of seven and are a season - high 11 games over .500 . The Dodgers have won six of seven and are a season - high 11 games over .500 . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 11 games over .500 . The Dodgers have won six of seven and are a season - high 11 games over .500 . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 11 games over .500 . Nathan Eovaldi ( 4 - 9 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in three - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander gave up three home runs , including three home runs , in his previous start against the Dodgers . Eovaldi ( 4 - 9 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in three - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . He gave up three homers in a game for the first time this season , including three in a game for the first time in his career . Eovaldi ( 4 - 9 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in three - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . He gave up three homers , including three homers , and walked two in his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander gave up three homers in a game for the first time in his career , including a three - run homer by Juan Rivera in the first inning of the Marlins ' 4 - 3 loss to the Marlins on July 28 . The Dodgers ' first three batters reached base in the first , but Billingsley got Stanton to ground into a double play and struck out Justin Ruggiano to end the inning . The Marlins tied it in the second on Bryan Petersen 's RBI groundout and Jose Reyes ' two - run homer . The Marlins tied it in the second on Bryan Petersen 's run - scoring groundout and Reyes ' RBI groundout .
ST. LOUIS -- Adam Wainwright has been pitching so well for the St. Louis Cardinals . Wainwright pitched a five - hitter for his second shutout of the season and Yadier Molina had three hits and two RBIs , leading the Cardinals to a 7 - 0 victory over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . Wainwright ( 12 - 10 ) allowed five hits , struck out 12 and walked one . He threw 71 of his 105 pitches for strikes . Wainwright ( 12 - 10 ) gave up five hits , struck out 12 and walked one . He threw 71 of 105 pitches for strikes . Lucas Harrell ( 10 - 9 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in five innings for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Wainwright ( 12 - 10 ) allowed five hits , struck out 12 and walked one . He threw 71 of 105 pitches for strikes . Lucas Harrell ( 10 - 9 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in five innings for the Astros . He struck out three and walked three . Harrell ( 10 - 9 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked three . Skip Schumaker had a two - run single in the first for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Harrell ( 10 - 9 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked three . The Astros have lost four of five . Houston 's Lucas Harrell ( 10 - 9 ) allowed six runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked three .
LOS ANGELES -- Tim Lincecum and the San Francisco Giants are on a roll . Lincecum pitched effectively into the sixth inning , Buster Posey hit a two - run single and the Giants beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Lincecum ( 7 - 13 ) gave up one run and five hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out four and walked one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in his last five starts . Lincecum ( 7 - 13 ) gave up one run and five hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out four and walked one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in his last five starts . Lincecum ( 7 - 13 ) gave up one run and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Javier Lopez got the final two outs for his third save . Joe Blanton ( 8 - 12 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out six and walked two . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 5.40 ERA in his last five starts . The Giants have lost five of their last six games and are 1 - 6 on their 10 - game homestand . They have lost five of six . Blanton ( 8 - 12 ) allowed four runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out six and walked two . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 5.40 ERA in his last five starts . The Dodgers scored twice in the fourth to make it 4 - 0 on Angel Pagan 's RBI single and a run - scoring double by Posey . The Dodgers extended their lead to 4 - 0 in the fourth . Gregor Blanco led off with a double and scored on Angel Pagan 's single to center . Posey followed with a two - run single to make it 4 - 0 .
SEATTLE -- The Seattle Mariners ' bullpen has been a problem for the Mariners . Michael Saunders hit a two - run homer , Michael Saunders added a two - run shot and the Mariners beat the Minnesota Twins 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Michael Saunders hit a two - run homer and Eric Thames had three hits and drove in a run for the Mariners , who won for just the second time in eight games . Beavan ( 8 - 7 ) allowed one run and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . Josh Kinney pitched 2 1/3 innings for his first career save . Samuel Deduno ( 4 - 1 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings for the Twins . He walked six and struck out two . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Josh Willingham led off with a double and scored on Trevor Plouffe 's sacrifice fly . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Josh Willingham led off with a double and scored on Trevor Plouffe 's sacrifice fly . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Josh Willingham led off with a double and scored on Trevor Plouffe 's sacrifice fly . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Josh Willingham led off with a double and scored on Trevor Plouffe 's sacrifice fly . The Mariners added a run in the third on a bases - loaded walk to John Jaso . Jaso hit a bases - loaded walk in the third to give the Mariners a 2 - 1 lead . Saunders hit a two - run homer in the seventh .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Tampa Bay Rays have been waiting for Zack Greinke to find a way to beat the Los Angeles Angels . Ryan Roberts hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning , Matt Moore pitched into the seventh inning and the Rays beat the Angels 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Moore ( 10 - 7 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings , striking out five and walking two . The right - hander , who has won his last three starts , improved to 5 - 0 in his last seven starts . The Rays have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Moore ( 10 - 7 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings , striking out five and walking two . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.30 ERA in his last five starts against the Angels . Albert Pujols homered for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Greinke ( 10 - 5 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in six innings , struck out eight and walked four . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . Albert Pujols homered for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Greinke ( 10 - 5 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in six innings , struck out eight and walked four . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . Albert Pujols homered in the sixth for the Angels , who have lost four of five .
WASHINGTON -- Gio Gonzalez did n't need much run support for the Washington Nationals . Gonzalez pitched effectively into the sixth inning , Bryce Harper hit a two - run homer and the Nationals beat the New York Mets 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Gonzalez ( 16 - 6 ) gave up one run and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Gonzalez ( 16 - 6 ) gave up one run and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Tyler Clippard pitched a perfect ninth for his 27th save in 31 chances . Jeremy Hefner ( 2 - 5 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Hefner ( 2 - 5 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Hefner ( 2 - 5 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Hefner ( 2 - 5 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Hefner ( 2 - 5 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Hefner ( 2 - 5 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked none . Hefner ( 2 - 5 ) allowed five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked none .
MILWAUKEE -- Kyle Kendrick did n't need much run support for the Philadelphia Phillies . Kendrick pitched eight innings of three - hit ball , Domonic Brown had a three - run double and the Phillies beat the Milwaukee Brewers 8 - 0 on Tuesday night . Kendrick ( 6 - 9 ) struck out seven and walked one . The right - hander is 3 - 1 in his last five starts . Kendrick ( 6 - 9 ) allowed three hits , walked one and struck out seven . The right - hander is 3 - 1 in his last five starts . Randy Wolf ( 3 - 10 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in seven innings for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Wolf ( 3 - 10 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in seven innings . He struck out four , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . Wolf ( 3 - 10 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Brewers have lost four of five . The Brewers have lost five of six . The Brewers have lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of their last seven games . The Brewers have lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of their last seven games . The Brewers were shut out for the third time this season . The Brewers were shut out for the third time this season . The Brewers were shut out for the third time this season .
MILWAUKEE -- Cole Hamels did n't need much run support for the Philadelphia Phillies . Hamels pitched into the eighth inning and John Mayberry Jr. hit a two - run homer to lead the Phillies to a 4 - 3 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Hamels ( 14 - 6 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out 10 and walked one . Jonathan Papelbon struck out the side in the ninth for his 27th save in 31 chances . Mike Fiers ( 6 - 6 ) gave up four runs and five hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out five . Ryan Braun had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Fiers ( 6 - 6 ) gave up four runs and five hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out five . Ryan Braun had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Fiers ( 6 - 6 ) gave up four runs and five hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out five . The Brewers took a 4 - 1 lead in the third . Chase Utley led off with a double and scored on Ryan Howard 's double to left - center . Fiers ( 6 - 6 ) gave up five hits and four runs in five innings . He struck out five and walked four . The Brewers took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Mayberry and a solo shot by Erik Kratz .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Tampa Bay Rays ' biggest comeback win of the season came at Angel Stadium . Carlos Pena hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the eighth inning , and the Rays rallied for a 10 - 8 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Tampa Bay won for the fifth time in six games and improved to 6 - 1 against the Angels this season . The Rays have won seven of their last 10 games , including the first two games of the three - game series . The Rays have won six of their last eight games and have the best record in the majors at 49 - 51 . The Rays have won six of seven and are a major league - best 39 - 19 at home , the best record in the majors . The Rays have won six of seven and are a major league - best 39 - 19 at home . The Rays have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 19 at home . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Jake McGee ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth and Fernando Rodney got three outs for his 38th save in 43 chances . Mike Trout went 3 - for - 4 with a homer and two RBIs for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Jake McGee ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth and Fernando Rodney got three outs for his 38th save in 43 chances . The Angels , who have lost five of six , fell a season - high 10 games below .500 . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Jake McGee ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth and Fernando Rodney got three outs for his 38th save in 43 chances . The Angels , who have lost five of six , fell a season - high 10 games below .500 . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 21 at home . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 21 at home . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 21 at home . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 21 at home . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 21 at home . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 21 at home . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 21 at home . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 21 at home . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 21 at home . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 21 at home . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 21 at home . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 21 at home . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 21 at home . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 21 at home . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 21 at home . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 21 at home . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 21 at home . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 21 at home . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 21 at home . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 21 at home . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 21 at home . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 21 at home . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 21 at home . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 21 at home . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 21 at home . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 21 at home . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 21 at home . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 21 at home . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 21 at home . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 21 at home . The Angels have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst
ATLANTA -- Kris Medlen and the rest of the Atlanta Braves have been waiting for this season . Medlen pitched a five - hitter for his first career shutout , Chipper Jones hit two home runs and the Braves beat the San Diego Padres 6 - 0 on Wednesday night . Medlen ( 4 - 1 ) gave up five hits , walked none and struck out six in his fourth career complete game . The right - hander has gone at least six innings in each of his last seven starts . Medlen ( 4 - 1 ) gave up five hits , struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander has gone at least six innings in each of his last seven starts . The Braves were shut out for the third time this season . Jason Marquis ( 8 - 11 ) lasted 4 2/3 innings , giving up six runs and eight hits , including three home runs . He struck out four and walked four . Marquis ( 8 - 11 ) allowed six runs , eight hits and four walks in 4 2/3 innings . He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts at Turner Field . Marquis ( 8 - 11 ) allowed six runs , eight hits and four walks in 4 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 5.30 ERA in four starts at Turner Field this season . The Braves have lost five of six . Marquis ( 8 - 11 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He is 0 - 4 with a 5.30 ERA in four starts at Turner Field this season .
MILWAUKEE -- Corey Hart 's first career grand slam gave the Milwaukee Brewers a 7 - 4 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies . Hart hit a grand slam in the eighth inning and a grand slam off Josh Lindblom ( 2 - 3 ) to lead the Brewers to a 7 - 4 victory over the Phillies on Tuesday night . Braun hit a solo shot in the first and a solo shot in the fourth to give the Brewers a 3 - 1 lead . It was Braun 's second career multihomer game and third this season . Livan Hernandez ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Jim Henderson got the final two outs for his third save in as many chances . Kevin Frandsen had three hits and three RBIs for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Kevin Frandsen had three hits and three RBIs for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Kevin Frandsen had three hits and three RBIs for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Kevin Frandsen had three hits and three RBIs for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Ryan Howard had three hits and drove in a run for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Ryan Howard had three hits and drove in a run for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Ryan Howard had three hits and drove in a run for the Phillies , who have lost three of four . Milwaukee starter Marco Estrada allowed four runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out one . Milwaukee starter Marco Estrada gave up four runs and eight hits in five innings .
SEATTLE -- Felix Hernandez did n't allow a hit until the seventh inning , when the Tampa Bay Rays left - hander walked off the mound to a standing ovation from the announced crowd of < unk > . It was the first complete game of the season for the Mariners ace . Hernandez threw a no - hitter for his first career complete game , and the Mariners beat the Tampa Bay Rays 1 - 0 on Wednesday night . Hernandez ( 11 - 5 ) struck out 12 in his first career complete game . It was the first no - hitter in the majors this season . Hernandez ( 11 - 5 ) did n't allow a baserunner until Dustin Ackley singled with one out in the fourth . He struck out the side in the seventh and retired the last nine batters he faced . Hernandez ( 11 - 5 ) retired the first nine batters before Matt Joyce reached on an error by shortstop Elliot Johnson leading off the seventh . Hernandez struck out the side in the eighth . Hernandez ( 11 - 5 ) did n't allow a baserunner until Dustin Ackley singled with one out in the fourth . He struck out the side in the seventh and retired the last seven batters he faced . Hernandez struck out a career - high 12 in his first complete game of the season . He retired the first 10 batters before B. J. Upton reached on an error by shortstop Elliot Johnson leading off the seventh . Hernandez struck out the side in the eighth . He threw 113 pitches , 77 for strikes . He threw 77 of 113 pitches for strikes in his second complete game of the season . It was the first no - hitter against the Rays this season . It was the first no - hitter against the Rays this season . Hernandez did n't allow a hit until Dustin Ackley singled with two outs in the fourth . He struck out the side in the seventh . Hernandez struck out the side in the seventh , then retired the next three batters to end the inning . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the first no - hitter against the Rays this season . Hernandez did n't allow a hit until Dustin Ackley singled with one out in the fourth . He was replaced by Kyle Farnsworth , who pitched a perfect eighth . Hellickson gave up five hits and one run in seven innings . He walked one and struck out one .
DENVER -- Eric Young Jr. did n't need to hit a game - ending double in the ninth inning of a game - ending win over the Milwaukee Brewers . Rosario hit a game - ending two - run double with one out in the ninth inning , lifting the Colorado Rockies to a 7 - 6 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . The Rockies took a 6 - 5 lead in the seventh on Jean Segura 's sacrifice fly and Rickie Weeks ' run - scoring single . Will Harris ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two perfect innings in relief of Guillermo Moscoso , who gave up four runs -- four earned -- and seven hits in four innings . Will Harris ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two perfect innings in relief of Guillermo Moscoso , who gave up four runs -- four earned -- and seven hits in four innings . Colorado starter Guillermo Moscoso gave up four runs and seven hits in four innings . He struck out three and walked three . The Rockies took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Chris Nelson and a two - run single by Chris Nelson . Rogers allowed five runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Brewers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Chris Nelson and a two - run single by Nelson . The Rockies took a 5 - 4 lead in the fifth on Jean Segura 's sacrifice fly and Morgan 's two - run single . The Rockies tied it in the bottom of the inning on Ramon Hernandez 's two - out RBI single .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Ryan Doumit had a big night for the Minnesota Twins . Doumit had three hits , including a three - run homer , and Samuel Deduno pitched seven strong innings to lead the Twins to a 9 - 3 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Doumit had three hits , including a three - run homer in the seventh inning , and Darin Mastroianni added a three - run shot in the seventh for the Twins , who have won four of five . Anibal Sanchez ( 6 - 10 ) gave up five runs and 12 hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Sanchez ( 6 - 10 ) gave up five runs and 12 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Tigers have lost four of five . Sanchez ( 6 - 10 ) gave up five runs and 12 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Tigers have lost five of their last six games and have scored at least five runs in each of their last five games . Sanchez ( 6 - 10 ) gave up five runs and 12 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Tigers have lost five of their last six games and have scored at least five runs in each of their last five games . Sanchez ( 6 - 10 ) gave up five runs and 12 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Tigers have lost five of their last six games .
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting for Manny Machado to do a little bit of everything . Machado hit a two - run homer in the second inning , and the Orioles beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Machado hit a two - run drive in the second inning , and the Orioles took advantage of two Kansas City errors to take a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth . Mike Moustakas homered and Brayan Pena hit a sacrifice fly for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Bruce Chen ( 8 - 10 ) gave up four runs , four hits and three walks in 5 1/3 innings . The right - hander is winless in his last four starts . The Royals took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth . Alex Gordon led off with a double and scored on a double by Brayan Pena . The Royals took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth . Alex Gordon led off with a double and scored on a double by Brayan Pena . The Royals took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth . Alex Gordon led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Brayan Pena . Kansas City closed to 2 - 1 in the fourth when Alex Gordon doubled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Brayan Pena . The Royals took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth . Butler led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Brayan Pena . Kansas City pulled even in the fifth when Alex Gordon doubled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Brayan Pena . Kansas City closed to 2 - 1 in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Brayan Pena .
HOUSTON -- Astros manager Brad Mills was n't happy with his team 's comeback . Carlos Corporan hit a tying home run in the eighth inning and Carlos Corporan added a two - run homer as the Astros rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Carlos Corporan hit a tying homer in the eighth inning and Carlos Corporan added a solo shot in the eighth for the Astros , who won for the sixth time in seven games . Wilton Lopez ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . John Axford ( 4 - 7 ) took the loss , giving up two hits and two runs -- one earned -- in one - third of an inning . Wilton Lopez ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Mark Rogers allowed one run and three hits in seven innings for the Brewers . He struck out eight and walked two . Milwaukee starter Bud Norris yielded eight hits and three runs -- two earned -- with seven strikeouts in seven innings . Houston starter Bud Norris allowed three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out seven . Houston starter Bud Norris allowed three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out seven . Houston starter Bud Norris allowed three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out seven . Houston starter Bud Norris allowed three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out seven without a walk .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Tyler Chatwood did n't need much help from his defense . Chatwood pitched five scoreless innings and the Colorado Rockies beat the San Francisco Giants 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Chatwood ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three hits , walked two and struck out two . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in four career starts at AT & T Park . Rafael Betancourt pitched a perfect ninth for his 20th save in 22 chances . Lincecum ( 6 - 12 ) allowed three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Giants have lost five of six . Lincecum ( 6 - 12 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Giants have lost six of their last seven games . Lincecum ( 6 - 12 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Giants have lost six of their last seven games and have dropped five of six overall . The Giants have lost six of their last seven . The Giants have lost six of their last seven . Lincecum ( 6 - 12 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Giants have lost five of their last six games and have dropped five of six overall . The Giants have lost six of their last seven and are 2 - 4 on their nine - game road trip . The Giants have lost six of their last seven and are 2 - 5 on their homestand .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Prince Fielder hit a go - ahead three - run homer in the sixth inning , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Texas Rangers 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Max Scherzer ( 11 - 6 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in six innings for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Scherzer ( 11 - 6 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Scherzer ( 11 - 6 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Scott Feldman ( 6 - 7 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Feldman ( 6 - 7 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Tigers have lost five of six . Texas has lost four of five . The Rangers have lost five of six . Texas has lost four of five . The Rangers have lost five of six . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost five of six . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost five of six . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost five of six . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost five of six . Feldman gave up four runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked one . Feldman gave up four runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings .
BALTIMORE -- Matt Wieters had a career - high five RBIs , Matt Wieters drove in a career - high five runs and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Seattle Mariners 9 - 2 on Tuesday night . Wieters had a two - run double in the first inning and a two - run homer in the fourth , and Mark Reynolds added a solo shot in the fourth for the Orioles , who have won three straight and five of six . Baltimore has won three straight and six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 11 games under .500 . Millwood ( 4 - 10 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in four - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . The Mariners have lost five of six . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost five of six and are a major league - worst 16 - 41 on the road . The Mariners have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 11 games under .500 . Millwood ( 4 - 10 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in four - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . The Mariners have lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 16 - 41 on the road . The Mariners have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 16 - 41 on the road .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Jered Weaver did n't need much run support for the Los Angeles Angels . Weaver threw a four - hitter , Mike Trout hit a two - run single and the Angels beat the Oakland Athletics 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Weaver ( 15 - 1 ) struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Weaver ( 15 - 1 ) struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The right - hander struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The A 's have lost four of five . Jarrod Parker ( 7 - 6 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . The A 's lost for the fourth time in five games and fell to 2 - 5 on their 10 - game West Coast trip . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season .
DETROIT -- Justin Verlander and the Detroit Tigers did n't need much offense . Verlander struck out a season - high 14 in eight innings , Prince Fielder homered and the Detroit Tigers beat the New York Yankees 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 12 - 7 ) allowed two runs and nine hits in eight innings , striking out 14 and walking one . He has n't allowed more than three earned runs in any of his last seven starts . Verlander ( 12 - 7 ) gave up two runs and nine hits in eight innings . He struck out 14 and walked one . The Tigers have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Tigers have lost four of five . Nova ( 10 - 6 ) gave up seven runs and 11 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Nova ( 10 - 6 ) gave up seven runs and 11 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Brennan Boesch doubled and scored on Austin Jackson 's single . Andy Dirks followed with a sacrifice fly , and Austin Jackson 's RBI single made it 4 - 2 . Andy Dirks followed with a sacrifice fly to make it 5 - 2 . Nova gave up seven runs -- seven earned -- and 11 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season .
CHICAGO -- Chris Sale did n't need much run support for the Chicago White Sox . Sale pitched eight innings of two - run ball , Paul Konerko homered and the White Sox beat the Kansas City Royals 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Sale ( 13 - 3 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Addison Reed worked the ninth for his 20th save in 21 chances . Luis Mendoza ( 5 - 8 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 7 1/3 innings for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Sale ( 13 - 3 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Addison Reed worked the ninth for his 20th save in 21 chances . Luis Mendoza ( 5 - 8 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in 7 1/3 innings for the Royals . He struck out five and walked one . Billy Butler hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Mendoza ( 5 - 8 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . Billy Butler hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Royals , who have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost four of five . Mendoza allowed four runs and seven hits in 7 1/3 innings .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox have won the first two games of the three - game series . Kevin Youkilis hit a go - ahead home run in the sixth inning and the White Sox beat the Los Angeles Angels 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Paul Konerko had three hits for the White Sox , who have won six of seven . Nate Jones ( 5 - 0 ) gave up an unearned run in two innings for the win . Addison Reed worked the ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . Paul Konerko had three hits and Paul Konerko had three hits for the White Sox . Nate Jones ( 5 - 0 ) gave up an unearned run in two innings . Addison Reed worked the ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . Paul Konerko had three hits for the White Sox , who have won four of five . Nate Jones ( 5 - 0 ) gave up an unearned run in two innings for the win . Addison Reed worked around a leadoff walk in the ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Baltimore manager Buck Showalter was n't happy with his team 's offense . Chris Davis hit a two - out , two - run single in the fourth inning , Wei-Yin Chen pitched seven scoreless innings and the Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Chris Davis had a two - run single in the fourth inning for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Wei-Yin Chen ( 10 - 6 ) scattered five hits over seven innings , striking out four and walking one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in four starts since being recalled from Triple-A Norfolk on July 31 . The Orioles have won six of seven and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Orioles have lost four of five . Hellickson ( 6 - 7 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in four innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 9.00 ERA in four starts against the Orioles this season . Hellickson ( 6 - 7 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 9.00 ERA in four starts against the Orioles this season . Hellickson ( 6 - 7 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 9.00 ERA in four starts against the Orioles this season . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Tampa Bay has lost four of five . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Tampa Bay has lost four of five . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Tampa Bay has lost four of five . The Rays have lost six of seven . Tampa Bay has lost four of five . The Rays have lost six of seven . Tampa Bay has lost four of five . The Rays have lost six of seven .
DETROIT -- The Detroit Tigers did n't need much offense to beat the Cleveland Indians . Prince Fielder hit a two - run homer , Alex Avila had a two - run double and the Tigers beat the Indians 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Anibal Sanchez ( 6 - 8 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and eight hits in six innings , striking out five and walking two . Justin Masterson ( 7 - 10 ) gave up seven runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings for Cleveland , which has lost five of its last six games . Masterson ( 7 - 10 ) gave up seven runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings , dropping to 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against the Tigers this season . Fielder hit a two - run double in the third and a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Tigers a 7 - 1 lead . Fielder added an RBI single in the sixth to make it 9 - 1 . Fielder 's RBI single in the sixth made it 9 - 1 and chased Masterson , who gave up seven runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings . He struck out four and walked four . The Indians scored three runs in the second inning , including a two - run double by Fielder and a two - run double by Alex Avila . Cleveland tied it in the third on a two - out single by Jason Kipnis , but the Indians tied it in the bottom of the inning on Jason Kipnis ' two - out RBI single .
BOSTON -- Minnesota Twins manager Ron Gardenhire was n't thinking about his team 's 5 - 5 win over the Boston Red Sox on Wednesday night . Justin Morneau hit a go - ahead single in the 10th inning , and the Twins beat the Red Sox 6 - 5 . Morneau had four hits and drove in the go - ahead run in the 10th . The Red Sox lost for just the second time in 10 games . Boston has lost four of five . Carl Crawford had three hits , including a three - run homer , and Carl Crawford had three hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in three runs for the Red Sox . Carl Crawford had three hits , including a three - run homer , and Carl Crawford had three hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in three runs . Carl Crawford had three hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in three runs for the Red Sox . Carl Crawford had three hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in three runs for the Red Sox . Carl Crawford had three hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in three runs for the Red Sox . Boston starter Brian Duensing gave up five runs -- two earned -- and 10 hits in six innings . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Morneau 's RBI single . The Red Sox tied it in the second on a two - out RBI single by Kelly Shoppach . The Red Sox tied it in the second on a two - out RBI single by Kelly Shoppach .
ATLANTA -- Braves manager Fredi Gonzalez said he was n't thinking about his team 's offense . The Braves ' offense did n't help . Jason Heyward had three hits and scored twice , Freddie Freeman drove in two runs and the Braves beat the Miami Marlins 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Jason Heyward had three hits and drove in a run for the Braves , who have won four of five . Cristhian Martinez ( 5 - 2 ) gave up four hits , one run and no walks in three innings for the win . Nathan Eovaldi ( 2 - 7 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in two - plus innings . The Marlins have lost four of five . Cristhian Martinez ( 5 - 2 ) gave up four hits and one run in three innings . Craig Kimbrel escaped a bases - loaded jam in the ninth by striking out Emilio Bonifacio and Emilio Bonifacio with runners on first and second . Nathan Eovaldi ( 2 - 7 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in two - plus innings . The Marlins have lost six of their last seven games . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Marlins have lost six of seven . The Marlins have lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Marlins have lost six of seven . The Marlins have lost six of seven . The Marlins have lost six of seven . The Marlins have lost six of seven . The Marlins have lost six of seven . The Marlins have lost six of seven . The Marlins have lost six of seven . The Marlins have lost six of seven .
PITTSBURGH -- Cincinnati Reds closer Aroldis Chapman was n't as sharp as he had in his previous three starts , but he was n't happy with the way he was pitching . The right - hander had to settle for a two - out , go - ahead double in the ninth inning , and the Cincinnati Reds rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Xavier Paul and Xavier Paul homered off Joel Hanrahan ( 5 - 2 ) to tie it at 3 in the ninth . It was Paul 's third career pinch - hit homer and first since July 31 , 2011 , against the Pirates . Paul 's pinch - hit homer off Joel Hanrahan ( 5 - 2 ) tied it at 3 - 3 in the ninth . Hanrahan ( 5 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up a tying homer to Xavier Paul in the ninth . Hanrahan ( 5 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up a pinch - hit homer to Xavier Paul in the ninth . Hanrahan ( 5 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up a pinch - hit homer to Xavier Paul in the ninth . Hanrahan ( 5 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up a pinch - hit homer to Xavier Paul leading off the ninth . Hanrahan ( 5 - 2 ) was charged with two runs and three hits in one - plus innings . He struck out seven and walked none . Sean Marshall ( 5 - 5 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning to get the win . Aroldis Chapman pitched the ninth for his 37th save in 37 opportunities . He walked two and struck out two , but Chapman got Josh Harrison to ground into a game - ending double play . Chapman had two strikeouts in a scoreless ninth for his 37th save in 37 opportunities . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Mike Napoli 's first homer of the season gave the Texas Rangers a 7 - 7 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Wednesday night . Napoli hit two home runs and drove in a career - high six runs , and David Murphy and David Murphy also went deep for the Rangers , who have won seven of their last 10 games to move within one game of first - place Texas in the AL West . Napoli 's first homer of the season came off Ervin Santana ( 9 - 13 ) , who gave up six runs and seven hits in 2 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts and has given up three home runs in his last three starts . The Angels have lost five of their last six games . Derek Holland ( 12 - 6 ) allowed a season - high seven runs and 12 hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Joe Nathan pitched a scoreless ninth for his 37th save in 38 chances . Mark Trumbo had three hits and drove in three runs for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Derek Holland ( 12 - 6 ) allowed seven runs and 12 hits in 6 2/3 innings . Joe Nathan pitched a scoreless ninth for his 37th save in 38 chances . Mark Trumbo had three hits and drove in three runs for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Derek Holland ( 12 - 6 ) allowed seven runs -- seven earned -- and 12 hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Joe Nathan pitched a scoreless ninth for his 37th save in 38 chances . The Angels have lost five of their last six games . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost four of five .
TORONTO -- Russell Martin and the New York Yankees are starting to look like a team . Martin hit a three - run homer , Hiroki Kuroda won for the first time in five starts and the Yankees beat the Toronto Blue Jays 11 - 4 on Tuesday night . Kuroda ( 15 - 11 ) allowed two runs and 10 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out four . Kuroda ( 15 - 11 ) allowed two runs and 10 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out four . Kuroda ( 15 - 11 ) allowed two runs and 10 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out four . Kuroda allowed two runs and 10 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out four . Chad Jenkins ( 0 - 3 ) allowed three runs and four hits in 3 2/3 innings for Toronto . Blue Jays right - hander Chad Jenkins ( 0 - 3 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . Blue Jays left - hander Chad Jenkins ( 0 - 3 ) allowed three runs and four hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . Blue Jays left - hander Chad Jenkins ( 0 - 3 ) allowed three runs and four hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . Blue Jays right - hander Chad Jenkins ( 0 - 3 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . Toronto 's Rajai Davis went 4 for 4 with a double and a walk .
SAN DIEGO -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have n't been able to do much better against the San Diego Padres this season . Chris Capuano pitched into the sixth inning , A. J. Ellis and Luis Cruz each drove in a pair of runs and the Dodgers beat the Padres 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Capuano ( 12 - 11 ) allowed one run and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out two . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . Casey Kelly ( 2 - 3 ) allowed five runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings , struck out six and walked two . The Dodgers have lost four of five . Casey Kelly ( 2 - 3 ) allowed five runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings , struck out six and walked two . The Dodgers have lost four of five . The Padres have lost five of their last six games . San Diego 's Yonder Alonso had three hits for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Kelly allowed five runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Padres scored three runs in the eighth off Ronald Belisario . Pinch-hitter Mark Kotsay had a two - run double , pinch - hitter Mark Kotsay hit a two - run double and pinch hitter Will Venable had an RBI single . Belisario gave up three runs in the eighth , including pinch - hitter Mark Kotsay 's two - run , pinch - hit double . Belisario gave up three runs and three hits in the eighth .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the first inning by plate umpire Angel Hernandez for arguing a called third strike with the bases loaded and one out in the ninth inning of a 4 - 3 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . The Los Angeles Angels ' first game - ending hit of the season came on a pitch from Stephen Pryor ( 3 - 1 ) in the ninth inning of a game that lasted 4 hours , 47 minutes . The Angels , who have lost six of seven , took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth on Franklin Gutierrez 's sacrifice fly and Brendan Ryan 's run - scoring single . Ernesto Frieri ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . The Angels have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Ernesto Frieri ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . The Angels have won five of their last six games and are a major league - best 20 - 6 since July 31 . The Mariners have lost four of five . Ernesto Frieri ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . The Angels ' bullpen has been the only pitcher in the majors with a major league - best ERA since the All-Star break . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners have lost six of their last seven games . The Mariners have lost six of their last seven games . The Mariners have lost six of their last seven games . The Mariners have lost four of five .
NEW YORK -- Pedro Alvarez 's first home run of the season gave the Pittsburgh Pirates a big boost . Alvarez hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a two - run triple in a seven - run second inning , leading the Pirates to a 10 - 6 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . The Pirates have won six of seven and are a major league - best 21 - 6 since July 31 . They have won six of seven and are a major league - best 20 - 3 since July 31 . They have won six of seven and are a major league - best 20 - 3 since July 31 . Pittsburgh has won three straight and four of five . The Pirates have lost five of six . Wandy Rodriguez ( 12 - 13 ) gave up three runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked two . David Wright hit a two - run homer and Justin Turner added a two - run shot for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Wandy Rodriguez ( 12 - 13 ) gave up three runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked two . David Wright hit a two - run homer and Justin Turner added a two - run shot for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Wandy Rodriguez ( 12 - 13 ) allowed three runs and four hits in six - plus innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Mets have lost four of five . Justin Turner hit a two - run homer and Justin Turner added a two - run shot for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Justin Turner hit a two - run homer in the first for the Mets , who have lost three straight and five of six .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Minnesota Twins manager Ron Gardenhire was n't surprised to see the New York Yankees get a chance to play in the AL East . But the New York Yankees and New York Yankees have been waiting for the Yankees to make a play in the standings . Rodriguez hit a solo homer with two outs in the ninth inning , lifting the Twins to a 5 - 4 victory over the New York Yankees on Tuesday night . It was the second straight win for the Twins , who have won five of their last six games . They have won seven of their last 10 games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Phil Hughes ( 16 - 13 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Hughes ( 16 - 13 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Yankees starter Phil Hughes ( 16 - 13 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four , walked one and hit a batter . Joe Mauer had three hits , including an RBI single in the seventh that made it 5 - 3 . Casey Fien ( 2 - 1 ) picked up the win despite giving up a solo homer to Russell Martin in the top of the seventh . Glen Perkins pitched the ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . The Yankees have lost five of their last six games and have the worst record in the majors . New York has lost four of five . The Yankees have lost six of seven .
DETROIT -- Scott Diamond has been a big part of the Minnesota Twins ' rotation . Diamond pitched seven strong innings , Joe Mauer had three hits and four RBIs and the Twins beat the Detroit Tigers 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . Diamond ( 12 - 8 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked three . Diamond ( 12 - 8 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked three . Max Scherzer ( 16 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by Delmon Young . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double and Miguel Cabrera 's run - scoring single . Detroit took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double and Miguel Cabrera 's run - scoring single . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by Delmon Young . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by Delmon Young . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by Delmon Young . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double and Garcia 's RBI single .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros have been waiting for Jason Castro to find a way to beat the Pittsburgh Pirates . Castro hit a three - run homer , Dallas Keuchel pitched seven strong innings and the Houston Astros beat the Pirates 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Castro hit a three - run homer off Kevin Correia ( 11 - 10 ) in the seventh inning to give the Astros a 4 - 1 lead . It was the first home run of the season for Castro , who had three hits and drove in three runs . Kevin Correia ( 11 - 10 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out nine . Gaby Sanchez tied it at 1 with a leadoff homer in the second inning , but the Pirates tied it in the second when Gaby Sanchez tied it at 1 with a leadoff homer to right . The Pirates tied it at 1 in the second when Sanchez homered to left - center on a 1 - 0 pitch . The Pirates tied it in the second when Sanchez led off with a double and scored on a single by Castro to push the lead to 1 - 0 . The Pirates tied it in the second when Sanchez led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on catcher Michael McKenry 's throwing error . He scored on a single by Wallace to push the lead to 1 - 0 . The Pirates tied it in the second when Sanchez led off with a double and scored on a double by Castro to make it 1 - 0 . The Pirates tied it in the second when Sanchez led off with a double and scored on a single by Wallace .
ST. LOUIS -- Allen Craig 's three - run homer capped a four - run first inning and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Houston Astros 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Craig 's three - run homer off Bud Norris ( 5 - 13 ) gave the Cardinals a 3 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first . Norris ( 5 - 13 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked five . Norris ( 5 - 13 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked five . Norris ( 5 - 13 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked five . Norris ( 5 - 13 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked five . Norris ( 5 - 13 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked five . Norris ( 5 - 13 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked five . Norris ( 5 - 13 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked five . The Astros have lost four of five . Norris ( 5 - 13 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked five . The Astros have lost five of their last seven games and have dropped five in a row at home .
WASHINGTON -- Washington Nationals manager Davey Johnson had no idea what was wrong with his team in the first game of a day - night doubleheader . Jordan Zimmermann pitched six strong innings , Kurt Suzuki drove in the go - ahead run with a sacrifice fly and the Nationals beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . The Nationals have won seven of their last 10 games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Zimmermann ( 11 - 8 ) allowed one run and six hits in six innings , striking out four and walking two . The right - hander has won his last three starts and has a 2.96 ERA over that span . Tyler Clippard pitched the ninth for his 32nd save in 34 chances . Aaron Harang ( 9 - 10 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox needed a little help from the Detroit Tigers . Dewayne Wise had three hits and drove in two runs , Dewayne Wise had three hits and drove in two runs and the White Sox beat the Tigers 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and moved within three games of first - place Detroit in the AL Central . Nate Jones ( 8 - 0 ) pitched 2 2/3 innings of scoreless relief to get the win . Addison Reed got the final out for his 27th save in 31 chances . Doug Fister ( 9 - 9 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in four innings for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The White Sox have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The White Sox have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The White Sox have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The White Sox have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The White Sox have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The White Sox have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The White Sox have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season .
CHICAGO -- Anthony Rizzo had a big night for the Chicago Cubs . Rizzo hit two home runs , including a grand slam , and drove in six runs to lead the Cubs to a 13 - 9 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Rizzo had a career - high six RBIs , including a go - ahead grand slam off Jared Hughes ( 2 - 2 ) in the sixth . It was Rizzo 's first multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . It was his first career two - homer game , and he also hit a two - run homer in the fifth off Jeff Locke to give the Cubs a 10 - 9 lead . Jeff Beliveau ( 1 - 0 ) got two outs in the sixth to earn his first major league win . Jared Hughes ( 2 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up three runs and two hits in one - third of an inning . Pirates starter Chris Volstad gave up six runs and 10 hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . Starling Marte had three hits and drove in a run for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Jeff Locke ( 1 - 0 ) got two outs in the sixth for his first major league win . He allowed a two - run homer to Alvarez and a three - run shot to Pedro Alvarez , his first of the season . Volstad allowed six runs and 10 hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . Chris Volstad allowed six runs and 10 hits in 4 2/3 innings for the Pirates .
NEW YORK -- Russell Martin and the New York Yankees are n't going to have to make a run at the AL East title . Martin hit a three - run homer , Hiroki Kuroda pitched six effective innings and the New York Yankees beat the Tampa Bay Rays 6 - 4 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight win . Martin hit a three - run homer in the third inning off Matt Moore ( 10 - 11 ) , who gave up five runs -- five earned -- and three hits in three innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his past five starts . The Rays have lost five of six and are a season - high eight games under .500 . Moore ( 10 - 11 ) gave up five runs , three hits and four walks in three innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his past five starts . The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay 's Matt Moore ( 10 - 11 ) gave up five runs , three hits and four walks in three innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his past five starts . Tampa Bay 's Matt Moore ( 10 - 11 ) gave up five runs , three hits and four walks in three innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his past five starts . Tampa Bay 's Matt Moore ( 10 - 11 ) gave up five runs , three hits and four walks in three innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his past five starts . Tampa Bay 's Matt Moore ( 10 - 11 ) gave up five runs , three hits and four walks in three innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his past five starts .
MIAMI -- Jacob Turner did n't allow a hit until Todd Frazier 's two - out single in the fifth inning . He allowed two hits , walked two and threw a season - high 101 pitches to help the Miami Marlins beat the Cincinnati Reds 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Turner ( 2 - 3 ) allowed two hits , walked two and struck out three in seven innings . The right - hander was coming off a three - hit shutout of the Chicago Cubs in his previous start , when he allowed six runs in a loss to the New York Mets . Arroyo ( 12 - 8 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . Arroyo ( 12 - 8 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Reds have lost four of five . Arroyo ( 12 - 8 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Reds have lost four of five . Arroyo ( 12 - 8 ) allowed four runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . Arroyo ( 12 - 8 ) allowed four runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six , walked two and hit a batter . Arroyo ( 12 - 8 ) allowed four runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . Arroyo ( 12 - 8 ) allowed four runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two .
TORONTO -- Kevin Millwood 's first win in more than a month . Millwood pitched two - hit ball over five innings , Franklin Gutierrez hit a two - run single and the Seattle Mariners beat the Toronto Blue Jays 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Millwood ( 6 - 12 ) allowed two runs and two hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out three . Tom Wilhelmsen worked the ninth for his 26th save in 30 chances . Ricky Romero ( 8 - 14 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in four innings . He walked four and struck out three . Romero ( 8 - 14 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in four innings . He walked four and struck out three . Romero ( 8 - 14 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . He walked four and struck out three . Romero ( 8 - 14 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . He walked four and struck out three . Romero ( 8 - 14 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . He walked four and struck out three . Romero ( 8 - 14 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . He walked four and struck out three . Romero ( 8 - 14 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . He walked four and struck out three . Romero ( 8 - 14 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . He walked four and struck out three . Romero ( 8 - 14 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in four innings . He walked four and struck out three .
MILWAUKEE -- The Milwaukee Brewers ' offense did n't get much going against Paul Maholm . Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer , Rickie Weeks added a three - run shot and the Brewers beat the Atlanta Braves 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer in the fifth inning and Rickie Weeks added a three - run double in the fifth to help the Brewers snap a three - game losing streak . Gallardo ( 15 - 8 ) gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked three . Gallardo ( 15 - 8 ) gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked three . Gallardo ( 15 - 8 ) gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked three . Gallardo ( 15 - 8 ) allowed four hits and two runs in seven innings . He struck out six and walked three . Gallardo ( 15 - 8 ) allowed four hits and two runs in seven innings . He struck out six and walked three . Gallardo ( 15 - 8 ) allowed four hits and two runs in seven innings . He struck out six and walked three . Maholm ( 12 - 10 ) gave up eight runs , six earned , and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . Maholm ( 12 - 10 ) allowed eight runs , six earned , and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . Maholm ( 12 - 10 ) allowed eight runs , six earned , and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings .
DENVER -- Alex White and the Colorado Rockies did n't need much run support for the San Francisco Giants . Jordan Pacheco hit a go - ahead triple in the sixth inning and the Rockies beat the San Francisco Giants 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Buster Posey homered and drove in two runs , Hunter Pence also went deep and Angel Pagan had three hits and drove in a run for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Guillermo Moscoso ( 2 - 1 ) earned the win with two innings of relief . Rafael Betancourt pitched the ninth for his 28th save in 31 chances . Ryan Vogelsong ( 12 - 8 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out one and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Vogelsong ( 12 - 8 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out one and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Josh Rutledge and a run - scoring single by Charlie Blackmon . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Josh Rutledge and a run - scoring single by Charlie Blackmon . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Josh Rutledge and a run - scoring single by Charlie Blackmon . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Josh Rutledge and a run - scoring single by Charlie Blackmon . San Francisco took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a double by Josh Rutledge and an RBI single by Charlie Blackmon .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants are hoping to get back to the postseason . Barry Zito pitched into the seventh inning , Buster Posey homered and the San Francisco Giants beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Buster Posey and Buster Posey hit back - to - back home runs in the sixth inning , Barry Zito pitched into the seventh inning and San Francisco beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Zito ( 11 - 8 ) allowed four hits , struck out four and walked three in 6 1/3 innings to win for the first time since July 26 . He is 6 - 0 in his last eight starts . Zito ( 11 - 8 ) allowed four hits and three walks in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out four and lowered his ERA to 4.33 . Joe Blanton ( 9 - 13 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Blanton ( 9 - 13 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Blanton ( 9 - 13 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Dodgers have lost five of their last six games . Blanton ( 9 - 13 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Dodgers have lost five of their last six games . The Dodgers have lost six of their last seven . The Dodgers have lost six of their last seven .
BALTIMORE -- The New York Yankees did n't have much to do with the New York Yankees . Russell Martin hit a three - run homer , Steve Pearce added a two - run shot and the Yankees completed a three - game sweep of the Baltimore Orioles with an 8 - 5 victory Tuesday night . Phil Hughes ( 14 - 12 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six - plus innings to win his third straight start . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Alex Rodriguez hit a three - run homer and Steve Pearce added a two - run shot for the Yankees , who have won three straight and six of seven . New York has won three straight and six of seven . The Yankees have won six of seven and are a major league - best 23 - 8 since July 31 . New York has won three straight and six of seven . The Yankees have won six of seven and are a major league - best 23 - 8 since July 31 . The Yankees have won seven of eight and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . Rodriguez hit a three - run shot in the fourth inning , and the Yankees added three more in the fourth . Jeter led off with a double and scored on a single by Jeter . Rodriguez followed with a two - run shot to make it 7 - 0 . Chen ( 12 - 9 ) allowed seven runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander gave up three home runs , including three homers , in a span of four starts . Manny Machado hit a solo shot in the seventh for the Orioles , who have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 .
SEATTLE -- Kevin Millwood 's first win in more than a month . Millwood pitched six strong innings , Dustin Ackley hit a two - run single and the Seattle Mariners beat the Boston Red Sox 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Millwood ( 5 - 12 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked three . Tom Wilhelmsen pitched the ninth for his 24th save in 26 chances . Aaron Cook ( 3 - 9 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Cook ( 3 - 9 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . The Red Sox have lost four of five . Boston has lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost five of six . Boston has lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost five of six . Boston has lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost five of six . Boston has lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Boston has lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Boston has lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Boston has lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Boston has lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Boston has lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Boston has lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost six of seven .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The New York Yankees did n't need much offense to beat the Tampa Bay Rays . Russell Martin homered and drove in three runs , Hiroki Kuroda won for the first time in five starts and the Yankees beat the Rays 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Kuroda ( 13 - 10 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in six - plus innings . He struck out three and walked two . Kuroda ( 13 - 10 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in six - plus innings . He struck out three and walked two . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth for his 36th save in 38 opportunities . Matt Moore ( 10 - 9 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Tampa Bay starter Matt Moore ( 10 - 9 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Tampa Bay took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on a two - run double by Ben Zobrist and a two - run triple by Ben Zobrist in the fifth . Tampa Bay went ahead 4 - 3 in the sixth when Jeter led off with a single and scored on Rodriguez 's double . Martin followed with a two - run double that made it 3 - 1 . The Yankees tied it in the bottom half on Ben Zobrist 's two - out , two - run triple off Kuroda , who gave up four runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked two .
ST. LOUIS -- R. A. Dickey 's knuckleball was n't working . Dickey pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Ike Davis hit a three - run homer and the New York Mets beat Adam Wainwright and the St. Louis Cardinals 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 18 - 4 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings , striking out five and walking one . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.80 ERA in his last five starts . Dickey ( 18 - 4 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . Dickey ( 18 - 4 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Mets have lost four of five . Wainwright ( 13 - 12 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked none . Wainwright ( 13 - 12 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked none . Wainwright ( 13 - 12 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked none . The Cardinals have lost four of five . Wainwright ( 13 - 12 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked none . The Cardinals have lost four of five . Wainwright ( 13 - 12 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked none . The Cardinals have lost four of five .
ATLANTA -- Mike Minor and the Atlanta Braves are n't going to let the right - hander get a win . Minor pitched seven innings of one - hit ball and the Braves beat the Colorado Rockies 1 - 0 on Wednesday night . Minor ( 8 - 10 ) allowed one hit , struck out seven and walked four in seven innings . Craig Kimbrel got the final four outs for his 33rd save . Alex White ( 2 - 8 ) gave up only two hits in four innings for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Minor ( 8 - 10 ) allowed one hit in seven innings , struck out seven and walked four . Craig Kimbrel got the final four outs for his 33rd save . Alex White ( 2 - 8 ) gave up only two hits , one run and four walks in four - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . White ( 2 - 8 ) gave up only two hits , one unearned run and four walks in four - plus innings . He was replaced by Will Harris , who gave up an unearned run on two hits in four innings . White ( 2 - 8 ) gave up only two hits , one run , four walks and did not strike out a batter in four innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . White ( 2 - 8 ) gave up only two hits , one unearned run and four walks in four - plus innings . He was replaced by Will Harris , who gave up a run on two hits in four innings .
TORONTO -- Baltimore Orioles manager Buck Showalter was happy to see Joe Saunders get the win . Saunders pitched 6 1/3 scoreless innings , J. J. Hardy drove in two runs and the Orioles beat the Toronto Blue Jays 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Saunders ( 7 - 11 ) allowed three hits , walked two and struck out two in 6 1/3 innings to win his third straight start . The right - hander is 6 - 1 in his past 10 starts and is 3 - 1 with a 1.89 ERA in his past four starts . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . Happ ( 10 - 11 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out a career - high nine . Happ ( 10 - 11 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out a career - high nine . Happ ( 10 - 11 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out a career - high nine . Happ ( 10 - 11 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out a career - high nine .
LOS ANGELES -- Hanley Ramirez hit a tying home run with one out in the ninth inning , and the Los Angeles Dodgers rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night . Andre Ethier tied it at 3 with a solo homer off Luke Gregerson with one out in the ninth , and Hanley Ramirez tied it at 3 with a solo shot off Luke Gregerson with one out in the ninth . Andre Ethier tied it at 3 with a solo homer off Luke Gregerson with one out in the ninth . Andre Ethier tied it at 3 with a solo homer off Luke Gregerson with one out in the ninth . Andre Ethier tied it at 3 with a solo homer off Luke Gregerson with one out in the ninth . Andre Ethier tied it at 3 with a solo homer off Luke Gregerson with one out in the ninth . Andre Ethier tied it at 3 with a solo homer off Luke Gregerson with one out in the ninth . Mark Ellis drove in the game 's first run with a two - out single off Cory Burns ( 0 - 1 ) , who was making his major league debut . Brandon League ( 1 - 6 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Joe Blanton allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Dodgers . He struck out six and walked two . Joe Blanton gave up three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Dodgers . He struck out six and walked two . Joe Blanton gave up three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Dodgers . He struck out six and walked two .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels are n't going to be in the playoffs for the first time in more than a decade . Chris Iannetta homered and drove in three runs , and the Angels beat the Oakland Athletics 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Chris Iannetta also homered and drove in two runs for the Angels , who have won four of five . Chris Iannetta also homered and drove in two runs for the Angels , who have won four of five . Chris Iannetta also homered and drove in two runs for the Angels , who have won four of five . Tommy Milone ( 11 - 10 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in three - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.53 ERA in his last five starts . Josh Donaldson hit a solo home run for the A 's , who lost for the third time in four games . Josh Donaldson homered for the A 's , who have lost three of four . Tommy Milone ( 11 - 10 ) was tagged for five runs and 10 hits in three - plus innings . The right - hander is winless in his last three starts . Josh Donaldson homered for the A 's , who have lost four of five . The A 's lost for just the second time in eight games . The A 's lost for the sixth time in seven games and fell a season - high 10 games under .500 . The A 's have lost seven of their last nine games . The A 's have lost seven of their last nine games and have dropped eight of 10 overall .
CHICAGO -- The San Francisco Giants had a chance to win the game in the ninth inning , and Javier Lopez got the final two outs for his sixth save in seven chances this season . The Giants took advantage of a throwing error by third baseman Marco Scutaro to beat the Chicago Cubs 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Angel Pagan hit a go - ahead single in the ninth off Carlos Marmol ( 2 - 3 ) , and Angel Pagan hit a go - ahead single in the ninth off Carlos Marmol ( 2 - 3 ) . Santiago Casilla ( 6 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win . Javier Lopez got the final two outs for his sixth save . Alfonso Soriano hit a three - run homer and Darwin Barney had three hits for the Cubs . Santiago Casilla ( 6 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win . Javier Lopez got the final two outs for his sixth save . Alfonso Soriano hit a three - run homer and Darwin Barney had three hits for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Santiago Casilla ( 6 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win . Javier Lopez got the final two outs for his sixth save in seven chances . Alfonso Soriano hit a three - run homer and Darwin Barney had three hits for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Cain allowed five runs and six hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out six . Cain was charged with five runs and six hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out six . Cain was charged with five runs and six hits in five innings .
DENVER -- Chase Headley had a career - high five hits and drove in a career - high six runs as the Colorado Rockies beat the San Diego Padres 11 - 10 on Tuesday night . Headley hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a two - run single in the fourth . He had a career - high five hits , including a two - run single in the fourth . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth , a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth to make it 7 - 6 . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth to make it 7 - 6 . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth . Headley 's RBI single in the seventh gave the Padres a 9 - 7 lead . Headley 's RBI single in the seventh gave San Diego a 9 - 7 lead .
TORONTO -- The Tampa Bay Rays have been waiting for Fernando Rodney to come through in a big way . Matt Joyce hit a go - ahead two - run single in the eighth inning and the Rays held on for a 5 - 4 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night . Niemann ( 2 - 0 ) worked 2 1/3 innings , giving up a two - run single to Adam Lind and a two - run single to Adam Lind in the eighth . Davis ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 2 1/3 hitless innings for the win . Fernando Rodney got the final five outs for his 40th career save . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . Adam Lind hit a two - run single and Adam Lind had a two - run single as the Blue Jays took a 4 - 0 lead in the third . Alvarez ( 7 - 12 ) allowed four runs and five hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out two . Alvarez , who walked four and struck out two , was replaced by Lincoln in the third , the first time this season he allowed more than three earned runs . He walked four and struck out two . Alvarez ( 7 - 12 ) allowed four runs and five hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out two . Alvarez , who walked four and struck out two , was replaced by Lincoln in the third , the first time this season he allowed more than three earned runs . He walked four and struck out two . Alvarez gave up four runs and five hits in five innings .
DETROIT -- Max Scherzer was n't as sharp as he was in the first two games of the season , but he did n't need much help . Scherzer struck out 10 in 5 2/3 innings , Miguel Cabrera hit a two - run homer and the Detroit Tigers beat the New York Yankees 8 - 1 on Tuesday night . Miguel Cabrera hit a two - run homer and Austin Jackson also connected for the Tigers , who took two of three from the Yankees in the series . Sabathia ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and 11 hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Tigers have lost five of their last six games , and they have n't scored more than three runs in any of their past five games . Sabathia ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and 11 hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Tigers have lost five of their last six games , and they have n't scored more than three runs in any of their past five games . The Yankees have lost five of their last six games , and they did n't get much going against Scherzer , who struck out 10 and allowed two hits in 5 2/3 innings . Drew Smyly got one out in the eighth , and Drew Smyly got one out in the eighth . Phil Coke pitched two hitless innings for the Tigers , and Drew Smyly got one out in the eighth . Phil Coke pitched two hitless innings for the Tigers , and Drew Smyly got one out in the eighth . Phil Coke pitched two hitless innings for the Tigers , and Drew Smyly got one out in the eighth . Phil Coke pitched two hitless innings for the Tigers .
ST. LOUIS -- Gio Gonzalez walked a career - high seven in five innings , and the Washington Nationals beat the St. Louis Cardinals 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Gonzalez walked a career - high seven in five innings , giving up two runs and one hit . He struck out five and walked seven . Ian Desmond had three hits and Ian Desmond had three hits for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Ryan Mattheus ( 1 - 0 ) got the win with one inning of relief . Drew Storen pitched a perfect ninth for his first career save . Ian Desmond had three hits and Ian Desmond had three hits for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Ryan Mattheus ( 1 - 0 ) got the win with one inning of relief . Drew Storen pitched a perfect ninth for his first career save . The Cardinals have lost six of seven and are 2 - 4 in their last seven postseason games . Gonzalez walked three and struck out five in his first postseason start for the Nationals . He walked a career - high seven in five innings , allowing two runs and one hit . He struck out five and walked seven . Drew Storen pitched a perfect ninth for his first save of the season . The Cardinals have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Gonzalez walked three and struck out five in his first postseason start for the Nationals . He walked a career - high seven in five innings , allowing two runs on six hits with five strikeouts and a career - high seven walks . Gonzalez walked three and struck out five in his first postseason start .
MIAMI -- Jose Reyes had three hits , including a game - ending RBI single in the 11th inning , and the Miami Marlins beat the New York Mets 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Reyes singled off Collin McHugh ( 0 - 4 ) with one out in the 11th , stole second and scored on a single by Carlos Lee to give the Marlins a 3 - 0 lead . Chad Gaudin ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning for the Marlins , who have won four of five . Chad Gaudin ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning for the Marlins , who have won five of their past six games . Chad Gaudin ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning for the win . Dickey allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked none . Scott Hairston had a career - high four hits and Scott Hairston had a career - high four hits for the Mets . Scott Hairston had a career - high four hits and Scott Hairston had a career - high four hits for the Mets . Scott Hairston had a career - high four hits and Scott Hairston had a career - high four hits for the Mets . Scott Hairston had a career - high four hits and Scott Hairston had a career - high four hits for the Mets . Scott Hairston had a career - high four hits and Scott Hairston had a career - high four hits for the Mets . Scott Hairston had a career - high four hits and Scott Hairston had a career - high four hits for the Mets , who have lost four of five .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- The Oakland Athletics have found a way to beat the Texas Rangers . Jonny Gomes hit a tiebreaking home run in the sixth inning , Travis Blackley pitched six strong innings and the A 's beat the Rangers 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Jonny Gomes hit a solo home run for the A 's , who have won four of five . Matt Harrison ( 18 - 11 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Harrison ( 18 - 11 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out five . Harrison ( 18 - 11 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out five . Harrison ( 18 - 11 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out five . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Harrison ( 18 - 11 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out five . The A 's have won six of their last seven games and have the best record in the American League . The A 's have won five of their past six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The A 's have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season .
MILWAUKEE -- Martin Maldonado 's first career grand slam put the Milwaukee Brewers ahead to stay . Maldonado hit a grand slam in the third inning and the Brewers beat the San Diego Padres 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Maldonado hit a grand slam off Anthony Bass ( 2 - 8 ) in the third inning to give the Brewers a 4 - 0 lead . It was Maldonado 's first grand slam since July 31 , 2011 , against the Padres . Jim Henderson ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth and John Axford worked the ninth for his 35th save in 38 chances . Anthony Bass ( 2 - 8 ) lasted just three innings , giving up four runs and three hits . He walked three and struck out three . Bass ( 2 - 8 ) was charged with four runs , three hits and three walks in three - plus innings . Bass ( 2 - 8 ) gave up four runs and three hits in three innings . He walked three and struck out three . Bass ( 2 - 8 ) was charged with four runs and three hits in three innings . He walked three and struck out three . Bass ( 2 - 8 ) was charged with four runs and three hits in three innings . He walked three and struck out three . Bass ( 2 - 8 ) was charged with four runs and three hits in three innings . He walked three and struck out three . Bass ( 2 - 8 ) was charged with four runs and three hits in three innings . He walked three and struck out three . Bass ( 2 - 8 ) allowed four runs and three hits in three innings . He walked three and struck out three .
ST. LOUIS -- Mat Latos did n't need much run support for the Cincinnati Reds . Latos pitched six scoreless innings , Joey Votto had two hits and drove in a run and the Reds beat Adam Wainwright and the St. Louis Cardinals 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Latos ( 2 - 0 ) allowed five hits , walked three and struck out four . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.29 ERA in three starts against the Cardinals this season . Aroldis Chapman pitched a perfect ninth for his sixth save in six chances . Wainwright ( 4 - 2 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Cardinals have lost five of six . Yadier Molina had three hits and an RBI for St. Louis . Yadier Molina had three hits and an RBI for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Yadier Molina had three hits and an RBI for St. Louis . Yadier Molina had three hits and an RBI for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Yadier Molina had three hits and an RBI for St. Louis . Yadier Molina had three hits and an RBI for St. Louis . Yadier Molina had three hits and an RBI for St. Louis . Yadier Molina had three hits and an RBI for St. Louis . Yadier Molina had three hits and an RBI for St. Louis . Yadier Molina had three hits and an RBI for St. Louis . Yadier Molina had three hits and an RBI for St. Louis . Yadier Molina had three hits and an RBI for St. Louis . Yadier Molina had three hits and an RBI for St. Louis . Yadier Molina had three hits and an RBI for St. Louis . Yadier Molina had three hits and an RBI for St. Louis . Yadier Molina had three hits and an RBI for St. Louis .
SEATTLE -- Joe Saunders did n't have his best stuff . The right - hander pitched a four - hitter for his first career complete game , Michael Saunders hit a solo homer and the Seattle Mariners beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Saunders ( 2 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out two and walked one . The Mariners have won five of their past six games . Zach Britton ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in six innings for the Orioles , who have lost three of four . Britton ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked two . Matt Wieters hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Orioles , who have lost three of four . Matt Wieters hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Orioles , who have lost three of four . Britton ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked two . The Mariners have lost five of their past six games . The Mariners have lost five of their past six games . Baltimore has lost five of its last six games . The Orioles have lost five of their last six games . Britton ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked two . The Mariners have lost five of their past six games . Baltimore has lost five of its last six games .
WASHINGTON -- Bryce Harper 's first home run of the season gave the Washington Nationals a big boost . Harper hit a two - run homer , Dan Haren pitched six effective innings and the Nationals beat the Cincinnati Reds 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Harper hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning off Mike Leake ( 1 - 1 ) , who allowed four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in three - plus innings . He struck out one and walked three . Haren ( 2 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Mike Leake ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits over three innings in his first start of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 9.00 ERA in four starts against the Nationals this season . Shin-Soo Choo homered for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Brandon Phillips had three hits and an RBI for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Brandon Phillips had three hits and drove in a run for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Brandon Phillips had three hits and drove in a run for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Brandon Phillips had three hits for the Reds , including an RBI single in the seventh that cut the lead to 6 - 3 . The Reds scored an unearned run in the seventh on pinch - hitter Todd Frazier 's RBI single .
NEW YORK -- Domonic Brown has been a big part of the Philadelphia Phillies ' starting rotation . Brown hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs , Jonathan Pettibone pitched five effective innings and the Phillies beat the New York Mets 9 - 4 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight win . Pettibone ( 1 - 0 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in five - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . Pettibone ( 1 - 0 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in five - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . Pettibone ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and five hits in four - plus innings . He struck out three and walked two . John Mayberry Jr. hit a solo homer in the fifth and John Mayberry Jr. added a solo shot in the fifth . Pettibone ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and five hits in four - plus innings . He struck out three and walked two . John Mayberry Jr. hit a solo homer in the fifth and John Mayberry Jr. added a solo shot in the fifth for the Phillies , who have won three of four . Pettibone ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and five hits in four - plus innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Mets took a 3 - 1 lead in the third on Howard 's sacrifice fly and a sacrifice fly by Howard . The Mets took a 3 - 1 lead in the third . Rollins led off with a double and scored on a double by Chase Utley . Howard followed with a sacrifice fly to make it 3 - 1 .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are n't going to let Josh Beckett get a win . Adrian Gonzalez hit a go - ahead two - run double in the seventh inning and the Dodgers held on to beat the Milwaukee Brewers 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Adrian Gonzalez hit a go - ahead two - run double in the seventh inning , and Carl Crawford and Carl Crawford also homered for the Dodgers . Ronald Belisario ( 2 - 2 ) struck out three in 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Brandon League pitched the ninth for his seventh save in seven attempts , giving up a run - scoring single to Jean Segura and a run - scoring single to Jean Segura . Ronald Belisario ( 2 - 2 ) struck out three in 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Brandon League pitched the ninth for his seventh save in seven attempts , giving up a run - scoring single to Jean Segura and a run - scoring single to Jean Segura . Ronald Belisario ( 2 - 2 ) struck out three in 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Brandon League pitched the ninth for his seventh save in seven attempts , giving up a run - scoring single to Jean Segura and a run - scoring single to Jean Segura . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Andre Ethier . The Brewers tied it at 3 in the fifth on a two - out double by Gonzalez and a run - scoring single by Jean Segura . The Brewers tied it at 3 in the fifth on a two - out double by Gonzalez and a run - scoring single by Segura .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox did n't need much offense for Chris Sale . Sale pitched seven innings of four - hit ball , Adam Dunn hit a two - run homer and the White Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Sale ( 2 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Addison Reed worked the ninth for his seventh save in seven chances . Jeremy Hellickson ( 1 - 2 ) gave up five runs and five hits in six innings for the Rays . He struck out eight and walked four . Rays starter Jeremy Hellickson ( 1 - 2 ) gave up five runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked four . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Evan Longoria . The White Sox took a 3 - 1 lead in the first on Paul Konerko 's RBI double and Conor Gillaspie 's sacrifice fly . The White Sox took a 3 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first on Paul Konerko 's RBI double and Conor Gillaspie 's sacrifice fly . The White Sox took a 3 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first on Paul Konerko 's RBI double and Conor Gillaspie 's sacrifice fly . The White Sox took a 3 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first on Paul Konerko 's RBI double and Conor Gillaspie 's sacrifice fly . The White Sox took a 3 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first on Paul Konerko 's RBI double and Conor Gillaspie 's sacrifice fly .
WASHINGTON -- Gio Gonzalez did n't need much run support for the Washington Nationals . Gonzalez pitched eight innings of one - hit ball , Denard Span had three hits and drove in three runs and the Nationals beat the Cincinnati Reds 8 - 1 on Tuesday night . Gonzalez ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and struck out seven in eight innings to win for the first time in four starts . The right - hander has allowed only one earned run in his past two starts . The Nationals have won four of their past five games . Gonzalez ( 2 - 1 ) struck out seven and walked two in his longest outing of the season . Bronson Arroyo ( 2 - 2 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked one . Reds starter Bronson Arroyo ( 2 - 2 ) allowed six runs -- five earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked one . Reds starter Bronson Arroyo ( 2 - 2 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked one . Arroyo ( 2 - 2 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked one . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . Cincinnati has lost five of six . The Reds have lost six of seven . Cincinnati has lost five of six .
BALTIMORE -- Baltimore Orioles manager Buck Showalter was happy to see his team win the game . The Blue Jays ' R. A. Dickey gave up four runs and six hits in six innings , and the Orioles beat the Toronto Blue Jays 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Manny Machado hit a two - run single in the second inning and a three - run homer in the sixth inning to help the Orioles end a three - game losing streak . Miguel Gonzalez ( 2 - 1 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Jim Johnson worked the ninth for his eighth save . Miguel Gonzalez ( 2 - 1 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings for the Orioles , who have won three of four . Jim Johnson worked the ninth for his eighth save . Miguel Gonzalez ( 2 - 1 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings for the Orioles , who have won three of four . Jim Johnson worked the ninth for his eighth save . Dickey ( 2 - 3 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out four . The Blue Jays have lost three straight and six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost five of six . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost five of six . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost five of six . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost five of six . Baltimore has lost six of seven .
BOSTON -- Alex Gordon and the Kansas City Royals did n't have much to celebrate . Gordon hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth inning , and the Royals beat the Boston Red Sox 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Gordon homered in the fifth inning and added a solo shot off Koji Uehara in the eighth . Kelvin Herrera ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win and Greg Holland struck out the side in the 10th for his fifth save . Mike Napoli homered and drove in a run for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Kelvin Herrera ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win and Greg Holland struck out the side in the 10th for his fifth save in five chances . Boston starter Jeremy Guthrie gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings , walking four and striking out two . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Gordon doubled and scored on Lorenzo Cain 's double - play grounder . Butler led off the fifth with his first homer of the season , tying it at 3 . Butler led off the fifth with his first homer of the season , tying it at 3 . The Royals tied it in the fifth when Gordon doubled and scored on Lorenzo Cain 's fielder 's choice . Butler led off the fifth with his first homer of the season , tying it at 3 . The Royals tied it in the fifth when Gordon doubled and scored on Lorenzo Cain 's groundout . Kottaras hit his first homer of the season in the fifth to tie it 3 - all .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Tampa Bay Rays finally got a win . Alex Cobb pitched into the eighth inning and Evan Longoria hit a two - run homer , leading the Rays to an 8 - 3 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . Cobb ( 2 - 1 ) gave up three runs and 10 hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . Cobb ( 2 - 1 ) allowed three runs and 10 hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . Jed Lowrie had four hits for the A 's , including a run - scoring single in the first . Jed Lowrie had four hits for the A 's , including a run - scoring single in the first . Jed Lowrie had four hits for the A 's , including an RBI single in the first . Jed Lowrie had four hits for the A 's , including a run - scoring single in the first . Jed Lowrie had four hits for the A 's , including a run - scoring single in the first . Coco Crisp hit a solo homer in the seventh for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Jed Lowrie had four hits for the A 's , including a run - scoring single in the first . Coco Crisp hit a solo homer in the seventh for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Jed Lowrie had four hits for the A 's , including a run - scoring single in the first . Lowrie had an RBI single during a two - run first that put the Athletics ahead 2 - 0 . Lowrie had an RBI single in the first , and Brandon Moss had a run - scoring single in the first .
BALTIMORE -- Matt Wieters hit a grand slam in the 10th inning to lift the Baltimore Orioles to a 10 - 6 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Wieters hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the 10th to give the Orioles a 6 - 5 lead . It was the first game - ending slam of the season for Reimold , who hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the 10th inning to give the Orioles a 6 - 4 win over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Troy Patton ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the Orioles , who took two of three from Tampa Bay . Troy Patton ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . Desmond Jennings homered and had three hits for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Desmond Jennings homered and had three hits , including a solo shot off Darren O'Day in the eighth . Troy Patton ( 1 - 0 ) pitched the 10th for his first major league win . Baltimore starter Miguel Gonzalez allowed five runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander is winless in his last five starts . Baltimore starter Miguel Gonzalez allowed five runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out one . Baltimore starter Miguel Gonzalez allowed five runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out one . Baltimore starter Miguel Gonzalez allowed five runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out one . Baltimore starter Miguel Gonzalez allowed five runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out one .
TORONTO -- R. A. Dickey 's knuckleball was n't as sharp as he did in the first two games of the season . Dickey pitched six innings of two - hit ball and the Toronto Blue Jays beat Chris Sale and the Chicago White Sox 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Sale ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out six . Sale ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out six . Sale ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out six . Sale ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out six . The White Sox have lost four of five . Sale ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out six . The White Sox have lost five of their past six games . Sale ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out six . The White Sox have lost five of their past six games . Sale ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out six . Tyler Flowers hit an RBI double off Esmil Rogers in the eighth , but Casey Janssen pitched the ninth for his fifth save in as many chances .
SEATTLE -- Max Scherzer was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Scherzer struck out a career - high 12 in eight innings , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Seattle Mariners 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Scherzer allowed one run and six hits in eight - plus innings , striking out 12 and walking one . He threw 105 pitches , 75 for strikes . Drew Smyly ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 14th to earn the win . Joaquin Benoit pitched the 14th for his first save of the season and first this season . Drew Smyly ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 14th to earn the win . Joaquin Benoit pitched the 14th for his first save of the season . It was Benoit 's first save of the season . Seattle starter Max Scherzer struck out a career - high 12 in eight innings , allowing one run and six hits . He walked one and struck out a season - high 12 . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . Seattle 's Felix Hernandez allowed one run and five hits in eight innings . He walked none and struck out a season - high 12 . Hernandez struck out a career - high 12 in eight innings . He struck out a season - high 12 and did n't allow a hit until Victor Martinez 's one - out single in the fifth . Hernandez struck out a career - high 12 in eight innings . He allowed five hits , walked none and struck out a season - high 12 . Hernandez struck out a career - high 12 in eight innings . He struck out the side in the eighth . Hernandez struck out a career - high 12 in eight innings . He allowed five hits , struck out 12 and walked none .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox did n't need much offense to beat the Tampa Bay Rays . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit a tiebreaking homer in the fifth inning , Ryan Dempster struck out 10 in seven innings and the Red Sox beat the Rays 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit a solo homer for the Red Sox , who won for just the second time in nine games . Andrew Bailey ( 1 - 0 ) allowed a run in the ninth . Evan Longoria homered for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Andrew Bailey ( 1 - 0 ) pitched the ninth for the win . Evan Longoria hit a solo homer for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Tampa Bay took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jacoby Ellsbury led off with a double and scored on Victorino 's groundout . The Rays tied it in the fourth when Desmond Jennings singled and scored on Zobrist 's two - out single . Tampa Bay tied it in the fourth when Desmond Jennings singled and scored on Zobrist 's single . Zobrist 's RBI single in the ninth made it 2 - 2 , but Dempster struck out Ryan Roberts and Ryan Roberts to end the threat . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jacoby Ellsbury led off with a double and scored on a groundout by Shane Victorino . Boston tied it in the fourth when Desmond Jennings scored on a two - out single by Zobrist , who was called up from Triple-A Pawtucket earlier in the day . Hellickson allowed two runs and three hits in seven innings , striking out nine and walking one .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals finally found a way to beat the Toronto Blue Jays . Alex Gordon 's RBI single in the bottom of the ninth inning lifted the Royals to a 3 - 2 victory over the Blue Jays on Tuesday night . Jarrod Dyson led off the ninth with a single off Darren Oliver ( 0 - 1 ) , who was making his major league debut . Darren Oliver ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss . Darren Oliver ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss . Darren Oliver ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss in relief of Ervin Santana , who gave up two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in eight innings . Kelvin Herrera ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Royals starter Brandon Morrow gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Royals tied it at 2 in the sixth when Jarrod Dyson led off with a double and scored on Alcides Escobar 's sacrifice fly . The Royals tied it in the sixth when Jarrod Dyson led off with a double and scored on Alcides Escobar 's sacrifice fly . The Royals tied it in the sixth when Jarrod Dyson led off with a double and scored on Alcides Escobar 's sacrifice fly . The Royals tied it in the sixth when Jarrod Dyson led off with a double and scored on Alcides Escobar 's sacrifice fly . Morrow allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out three . Morrow allowed two runs and six hits in six innings .
ST. LOUIS -- Ryan Braun hit a go - ahead homer in the 10th inning to lift the Milwaukee Brewers to a 4 - 3 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Friday night . Braun hit a two - run homer in the eighth off Fernando Salas ( 0 - 2 ) to cut the Cardinals ' lead to 3 - 2 . It was Braun 's third homer of the season and first since July 8 . Brandon Kintzler ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Burke Badenhop got the final out in the 10th for his first career save . Jonathan Lucroy hit a solo homer off Trevor Rosenthal in the 10th . Brandon Kintzler ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Burke Badenhop got the final out in the 10th for his first career save . Matt Adams hit his first homer for St. Louis , a solo shot in the fourth , and Matt Adams hit his first homer of the season in the fourth to make it 3 - 0 . Yuniesky Betancourt had an RBI double in the ninth for the Brewers , who have won three of four . Burke Badenhop got the final out in the 10th for his first career save . Matt Adams hit his first homer of the season for St. Louis , a solo shot off Estrada in the fourth . Matt Adams hit his first homer of the season in the fourth to make it 3 - 0 . Estrada allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Estrada gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Justin Verlander did n't need much run support for the Detroit Tigers . Verlander pitched six strong innings and Jhonny Peralta hit a three - run homer , leading the Detroit Tigers to a 7 - 3 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings , striking out six and walking three . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.30 ERA in his last four starts against the A 's . Verlander ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.30 ERA in his last five starts against the A 's . Brett Anderson ( 1 - 2 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked three . The A 's have lost four of five . Anderson ( 1 - 2 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked three . The A 's have lost four of five . The A 's have lost four of five . Oakland 's Jed Lowrie struck out three times and struck out in his first two at - bats . He struck out swinging on a 3 - 2 pitch with runners on first and second to end the eighth . The A 's have lost four of five . Oakland 's Jed Lowrie was 0 - for - 5 with two strikeouts , dropping his average to .121 . He struck out swinging in the ninth .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago Cubs have been struggling to score runs in their last two games , and they 're just happy to have the best record in the majors . Anthony Rizzo hit a tiebreaking , two - run single in the eighth inning and the Cubs beat the Milwaukee Brewers 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . David DeJesus had three hits , including a two - run single in the eighth , and Carlos Marmol ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Kyuji Fujikawa pitched the ninth for his second save . David DeJesus had three hits and drove in two runs for the Cubs , who won for just the second time in 10 games . Carlos Marmol ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Kyuji Fujikawa pitched the ninth for his second save . Ryan Braun had two hits and drove in a run for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Carlos Marmol ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Kyuji Fujikawa pitched the ninth for his second save . Milwaukee starter Wily Peralta allowed three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Milwaukee starter Wily Peralta allowed three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Brewers took a 3 - 0 lead in the second . Yuniesky Betancourt led off with a double and scored on Ryan Braun 's double . Ryan Braun followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 0 . Peralta allowed three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two .
SEATTLE -- Jose Altuve had four hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in four runs to lead the Houston Astros to a 9 - 9 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . The Astros had 22 hits , including three homers , in the first two games of the series . They had a season - high 22 hits , including three by Carter , who had four hits and drove in four runs . Marwin Gonzalez had four hits , including a home run , and drove in three runs for the Astros , who had 22 hits in the first two games of the series . Paul Clemens ( 1 - 0 ) gave up five runs and six hits in four innings for the Astros , who had 22 hits . Houston starter Brandon Maurer ( 0 - 2 ) lasted only two - thirds of an inning , giving up six runs and seven hits . He was tagged for six runs and seven hits in two - thirds of an inning . Paul Clemens ( 1 - 0 ) gave up five runs and six hits in four innings for the Astros , who have won four of five . Houston starter Paul Clemens ( 1 - 0 ) allowed six hits and five runs in four innings . He was replaced by Hector Ambriz after giving up a two - run single to Justin Smoak in the ninth . Hector Ambriz gave up a two - run single to Justin Smoak and a two - run single to Justin Smoak in the ninth . Justin Smoak hit a two - out , two - run single off Hector Ambriz that made it 16 - 6 . Hector Ambriz gave up a two - run single to Justin Smoak and a two - run single to Justin Smoak . Michael Saunders followed with a sacrifice fly and Justin Smoak hit a two - run single .
CHICAGO -- Milwaukee Brewers manager Ron Roenicke was n't going to let Marco Estrada get a win . Estrada pitched seven strong innings , Martin Maldonado had three hits and three RBIs and the Brewers beat the Chicago Cubs 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Estrada ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . Jim Henderson pitched the ninth for his first career save . Edwin Jackson ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs , eight hits and five walks in six innings for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Jackson ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked five . The Cubs scored four runs in the first off Edwin Jackson ( 0 - 2 ) , who allowed five runs and eight hits in six - plus innings . He walked five and struck out six . Jackson ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out six . Jackson ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked five . Jackson ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out six . Jackson ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out six . Jackson ( 0 - 2 ) allowed five runs and eight hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out six .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Ervin Santana did n't have his best stuff of the season . Santana pitched eight innings of one - run ball , and the Kansas City Royals beat the Minnesota Twins 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Santana ( 1 - 1 ) gave up eight hits , struck out seven and walked one . He threw 75 of his 104 pitches for strikes . Aaron Crow worked the ninth for his first major league save . Kevin Correia ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in 7 1/3 innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Kevin Correia ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in 7 1/3 innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . The Twins have lost six of seven . Kevin Correia ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in 7 1/3 innings for the Twins . He struck out one and walked one . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Ryan Doumit 's two - out RBI single . The Royals had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Santana struck out Aaron Hicks and Aaron Hicks to end the inning . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Ryan Doumit . The Royals loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but Santana struck out Aaron Hicks and retired Aaron Hicks on a fly to center . Correia allowed three runs and eight hits in 7 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out one .
NEW YORK -- The New York Mets finally found a way to beat the Miami Marlins . John Buck drove in four runs , John Buck drove in four runs and the Mets rallied for three runs in the seventh inning to beat the Miami Marlins 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . David Wright had three hits and scored twice , and David Wright had three hits and scored twice for the Mets , who won for just the second time in 10 games . The Mets have won six of their last seven games against the Marlins dating to last season . Brandon Lyon ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . Collin Cowgill homered in the eighth off Chad Qualls . Brandon Lyon ( 1 - 0 ) struck out two in a scoreless eighth for the win . David Wright had three hits and scored twice for the Mets , who won for just the second time in 10 games . Brandon Lyon ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . The Mets took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on Greg Dobbs ' two - out RBI single , but the Mets tied it in the seventh on Greg Dobbs ' two - out RBI single off Josh Edgin . Bobby Parnell pitched the eighth and Bobby Parnell worked a perfect ninth . Miami starter Jonathon Niese allowed two runs -- one earned -- and eight hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Dobbs . The Mets took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth when Placido Polanco doubled and scored on a single by Dobbs .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Derek Holland did n't have his best stuff , and the Texas Rangers left the Los Angeles Angels . The right - hander allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings , and the Rangers beat the Angels 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Holland allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Joe Nathan pitched a hitless ninth for his first save . Derek Holland allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Joe Nathan pitched a hitless ninth for his first save . The Rangers have won six of their last seven games against the Angels , who have the best record in the American League . Tanner Scheppers ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth to get the win . Joe Nathan pitched a hitless ninth for his first save . The Angels have lost six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the majors . The Angels have lost six of their last seven games . Texas starter Jason Vargas gave up one run and eight hits over 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Angels took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on Mike Trout 's RBI double and Mike Trout 's run - scoring double in the fifth . Texas starter Jason Vargas gave up one run and eight hits over 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Craig Gentry led off with a double and scored on a triple by Ian Kinsler .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Tampa Bay Rays finally got a win . Shelley Duncan hit a go - ahead , three - run homer in the sixth inning and the Rays rallied from a four - run deficit to beat the Baltimore Orioles 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . The Rays trailed 4 - 0 before Duncan 's three - run homer off Tommy Hunter ( 0 - 1 ) with two outs in the sixth inning . It was the first game - ending homer of the season for Duncan , who hit a two - run homer in the sixth to tie the game at 4 . Duncan 's three - run homer off Tommy Hunter ( 0 - 1 ) gave the Rays a 4 - 4 lead in the sixth . Duncan 's three - run homer off Tommy Hunter ( 0 - 1 ) made it 4 - 4 in the sixth . Duncan 's three - run homer off Tommy Hunter ( 0 - 1 ) made it 4 - 4 in the sixth . Duncan 's three - run homer off Luis Ayala tied it at 4 in the sixth . Chris Davis had four hits and drove in four runs for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Chris Davis went 4 - for - 4 with a three - run homer and an RBI single for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Chris Davis went 4 - for - 4 with a three - run homer and an RBI single for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Chris Davis went 4 - for - 4 with a three - run homer and an RBI single for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Chris Davis went 4 - for - 4 with a three - run homer and an RBI single for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Chris Davis went 4 - for - 4 with a three - run homer and an RBI single for the Orioles , who have lost three straight and five of six .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Michael Morse and the Seattle Mariners did n't need much help from the Oakland Athletics . Morse homered twice and drove in four runs , Hisashi Iwakuma pitched six strong innings and the Mariners beat the A 's 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Iwakuma ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and two hits in six innings , struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter . Iwakuma ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and two hits in six innings , struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Iwakuma ( 1 - 0 ) struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Iwakuma ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and two hits in six innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Iwakuma has allowed only three earned runs over his last three starts , including a no - decision in his first start of the season . The right - hander struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Iwakuma ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and two hits in six innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The A 's have lost five of their last six games and are 3 - 4 on their 10 - game road trip . Yoenis Cespedes hit his first home run of the season for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Yoenis Cespedes hit his first home run of the season for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Parker ( 0 - 1 ) allowed four runs and five hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out one . The A 's have lost six of seven and are 1 - 6 in their last seven games .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels have been waiting for the Los Angeles Angels to find a way to beat the Los Angeles Dodgers . Jason Vargas pitched seven solid innings , and the Angels beat the Dodgers 3 - 2 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Jason Vargas ( 5 - 3 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings , striking out six and walking two . Ernesto Frieri pitched the ninth for his 12th save in 13 chances . Ted Lilly ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings for Los Angeles . He struck out three and walked three . Lilly ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked three . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Adrian Gonzalez . The Dodgers tied it in the bottom half on Chris Nelson 's RBI double . The Angels tied it in the bottom half on Chris Nelson 's RBI double . The Angels tied it in the bottom half on Chris Nelson 's RBI double . The Angels tied it in the bottom half on Chris Nelson 's RBI double . The Angels tied it in the bottom half on Chris Nelson 's RBI double . The Angels tied it in the bottom half on Chris Nelson 's RBI double . The Angels tied it in the bottom half on Chris Nelson 's RBI double . The Angels tied it in the bottom half on Chris Nelson 's RBI double . The Dodgers tied it in the bottom half on Chris Nelson 's RBI double .
ATLANTA -- Toronto manager John Gibbons said he did n't want to use Kris Medlen in the bullpen . Melky Cabrera had three hits and drove in two runs , Melky Cabrera had three hits and drove in two runs , and the Blue Jays beat the Atlanta Braves 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Melky Cabrera had three hits , including a two - run single in the second inning , and Melky Cabrera had three hits , including a two - run single in the second inning for the Blue Jays , who have won three straight and five of six . The Blue Jays have won three straight and five of six . The Blue Jays have won three straight and six of seven . The Blue Jays have won three straight and six of seven . The Blue Jays have won three straight and six of seven . The Blue Jays have won three straight and six of seven . The Blue Jays have won three straight and six of seven . The Blue Jays have won three straight and six of seven . The Blue Jays have won three straight and six of seven . The Blue Jays have won four of five . The Blue Jays have won four of five . The Blue Jays have won four of five . The Blue Jays have won four of five . The Blue Jays have won four of five . The Blue Jays have won four of five . The Blue Jays have won four of five . The Blue Jays have won six of their last seven games . The Blue Jays have won six of their last seven games . The Blue Jays have won six of their last seven games . The Blue Jays have won six of their last seven games . The Blue Jays have won six of their last seven games . The Blue Jays have won six of their last seven games . The Blue Jays have won six of their last seven games .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Tampa Bay Rays had a chance to win a game for the first time in more than a month . Yunel Escobar hit a two - run double with two outs in the bottom of the ninth inning , lifting the Rays to a 7 - 6 victory over the Miami Marlins on Tuesday night . Yunel Escobar had three hits and drove in two runs for the Rays , who won for the seventh time in nine games . Yunel Escobar had three hits and drove in two runs for the Rays , who have won three of four . Fernando Rodney ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Mike Dunn ( 1 - 1 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 1 2/3 innings . Miami starter Kevin Slowey gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 5.61 ERA in four starts against Tampa Bay this season . Chris Coghlan hit a solo homer and drove in a run for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Miami starter Kevin Slowey gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 5.61 ERA in four starts against Tampa Bay this season . The Rays took a 4 - 0 lead in the third . Derek Dietrich hit an RBI triple and scored on a single by Greg Dobbs . Coghlan 's two - out , two - run triple in the third made it 4 - 0 . Hellickson allowed five runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one .
DETROIT -- Justin Verlander was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Verlander struck out a season - high 13 in seven innings , Victor Martinez drove in three runs and the Detroit Tigers beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 6 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in seven innings , walking two and striking out a season - high 13 . Jose Valverde pitched the ninth for his sixth save in six chances . Francisco Liriano ( 3 - 1 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out three , walked two and hit a batter . Liriano ( 3 - 1 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Andrew McCutchen . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Andrew McCutchen . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Andrew McCutchen . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Andrew McCutchen . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Andrew McCutchen . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Andrew McCutchen . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Andrew McCutchen . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Andrew McCutchen . The Pirates tied it in the fourth on Brayan Pena 's RBI single .
NEW YORK -- Lucas Duda and the New York Mets finally found a way to beat the Atlanta Braves . Duda hit a tiebreaking single in the eighth inning and the Mets rallied for three runs in the eighth inning to beat the Braves 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Duda hit a leadoff homer in the fourth off Atlanta starter Julio Teheran , and Ike Davis added a two - run single in the eighth . LaTroy Hawkins ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Bobby Parnell pitched a perfect ninth for his seventh save in seven chances . Dan Uggla hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Braves , who have lost four of five . LaTroy Hawkins ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Bobby Parnell pitched a perfect ninth for his seventh save in seven chances . The Mets have lost four of five . Atlanta starter Julio Teheran allowed one run and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Atlanta 's Julio Teheran allowed one run and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Duda hit a leadoff homer in the fourth to give the Mets a 1 - 0 lead . It was Duda 's first home run since July 31 . The Mets tied it in the seventh . Justin Upton led off with a single and Uggla followed with his first homer of the season , a two - run shot that gave Atlanta a 2 - 1 lead . It was Uggla 's second homer of the season and first since April 8 .
CINCINNATI -- Chicago Cubs manager Dale Sveum was n't happy with his team 's latest comeback win . Alfonso Soriano hit a tying , two - run homer in the eighth inning , Alfonso Soriano hit a tying , two - run shot in the eighth inning and the Cubs rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Soriano hit a tying , two - run homer off Logan Ondrusek in the eighth inning , giving the Cubs a 4 - 0 lead . Soriano 's two - run homer off Logan Ondrusek pulled the Cubs to 4 - 4 in the eighth . Kevin Gregg ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Carlos Marmol pitched the eighth and Kevin Gregg got the last three outs for his first save in three chances . Soriano hit a two - run homer off Logan Ondrusek in the eighth . Kevin Gregg ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Carlos Marmol worked the eighth , and Kevin Gregg ( 1 - 0 ) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of hitless relief . The Cubs have won six of their last seven games . The Reds have won six of their last seven games . They have n't scored more than three runs in any of their last five games . The Reds have won six of their last seven games . They have n't scored more than three runs in any of their last five games . The Reds have won six of their last seven games . They have n't scored more than three runs in any of their last five games . The Reds have lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . They 've dropped eight of 11 overall .
WASHINGTON -- Stephen Strasburg has been one of the Washington Nationals ' most consistent pitchers this season . Strasburg pitched eight innings of five - hit ball , and the Nationals beat the Philadelphia Phillies 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Strasburg ( 3 - 5 ) allowed one run and five hits , struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He also had two hits , including a two - out RBI single in the eighth . Strasburg ( 3 - 5 ) allowed one run and five hits , struck out nine and walked none . He also had two hits , including a two - out RBI single in the eighth . Strasburg ( 3 - 5 ) allowed one run and five hits in eight innings . He struck out nine and walked none . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 2.49 ERA in his last four starts . Strasburg ( 3 - 5 ) allowed one run and five hits , struck out nine and walked none . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 2.49 ERA in his last four starts . The Nationals have lost five of six . The Phillies have lost five of six . Philadelphia has lost four of five . The Phillies have lost five of six . Philadelphia has lost four of five . The Phillies have lost five of six . Philadelphia has lost four of five . The Phillies have lost five of six . Philadelphia has lost five of six . The Phillies have lost five of six . Philadelphia has lost five of six . The Phillies have lost five of six . Philadelphia has lost five of six .
PHOENIX -- The San Diego Padres ' offense has been a problem for the Diamondbacks . Everth Cabrera hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs , Yonder Alonso had a two - run double and the Padres beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . Everth Cabrera had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in four runs , and Andrew Cashner ( 4 - 2 ) pitched six innings for San Diego , allowing four runs on nine hits with five strikeouts and no walks . Cashner ( 4 - 2 ) allowed four runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked none . Cashner ( 4 - 2 ) allowed four runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked none . Eric Chavez hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Miley ( 3 - 4 ) lasted only 3 2/3 innings , giving up seven runs and seven hits . He has lasted at least six innings in each of his five starts this season . The Diamondbacks jumped on Wade Miley ( 3 - 4 ) for seven runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings . Miley gave up seven runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He lasted only 3 2/3 innings , giving up seven runs and seven hits . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Eric Chavez hit a two - run homer and Paul Goldschmidt followed with an RBI single . Chavez hit a sacrifice fly in the third to make it 4 - 2 .
CHICAGO -- Jake Peavy did n't have his best stuff , but he did n't get much help from his defense . Peavy pitched a six - hitter for his second complete game of the season , leading the Chicago White Sox to a 2 - 1 victory over the Miami Marlins on Wednesday night . Peavy ( 6 - 2 ) allowed six hits , walked two and struck out five in his second complete game of the season . The White Sox won for just the second time in eight games . Peavy ( 6 - 2 ) allowed six hits , walked two and struck out five in his second complete game of the season . Ryan Webb ( 1 - 3 ) took the loss . Marlins starter Ricky Nolasco allowed one run and eight hits in 7 1 - 3 innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . They have won seven of their last nine games . Peavy ( 6 - 2 ) allowed one run and six hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out five and walked two . Chicago starter Ricky Nolasco allowed one run and eight hits in 7 1 - 3 innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Tommy Milone did n't need much run support for the Oakland Athletics . Milone pitched six strong innings and the A 's beat the Kansas City Royals 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Milone ( 4 - 5 ) allowed one run and five hits , struck out four and walked three in six - plus innings . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts and is 5 - 0 in his last seven starts . Grant Balfour worked the ninth for his eighth save in eight chances . Ervin Santana ( 3 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings for the Royals . He struck out five and walked three . Santana ( 3 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings , struck out five and walked three . The right - hander is winless in his last five starts . Santana ( 3 - 3 ) gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out five . Santana ( 3 - 3 ) gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out five . Santana ( 3 - 3 ) gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out five . Santana ( 3 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings , struck out five and walked three . The right - hander is winless in his last five starts and has a 1.35 ERA over that stretch . Santana ( 3 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out five .
DENVER -- Jordan Pacheco 's first career grand slam capped a five - run fifth inning that lifted the Colorado Rockies to a 10 - 9 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Friday night . Carlos Gonzalez also homered and drove in five runs , Jorge De La Rosa ( 5 - 3 ) allowed five runs and nine hits in five innings to help the Rockies snap a four - game losing streak . Jorge De La Rosa ( 5 - 3 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in five innings to help the Rockies win for the fifth time in six games . The Giants have lost four of five . Jorge De La Rosa ( 5 - 3 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out one . Rafael Betancourt struck out the side in the ninth for his 10th save in 11 chances . Jorge De La Rosa ( 5 - 3 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out one . Rafael Betancourt struck out the side in the ninth for his 10th save in 11 chances . Pablo Sandoval had three hits and drove in two runs for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Jorge De La Rosa ( 5 - 3 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out one . Rafael Betancourt struck out the side in the ninth for his 10th save in 11 chances . Posey hit a sacrifice fly in the first and a run - scoring single in the second to make it 4 - 0 . The Giants took a 5 - 4 lead in the fourth on Posey 's sacrifice fly and a run - scoring single by Hunter Pence .
DENVER -- The San Francisco Giants have found a way to beat the Colorado Rockies . Brandon Crawford had two hits and drove in two runs , Brandon Crawford had two hits and drove in two runs , and the Giants beat the Rockies 8 - 6 on Tuesday night . Brandon Crawford had two hits and drove in two runs for the Giants , who have won four of five . Jhoulys Chacin ( 3 - 3 ) gave up eight runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Cain ( 3 - 2 ) allowed six runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . Sergio Romo got the final two outs for his 13th save in 14 chances . Jhoulys Chacin ( 3 - 3 ) gave up eight runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Rockies . He struck out two and walked two . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a three - run homer by Todd Helton , his third of the season . The Rockies added three more runs in the third on a bases - loaded double by Brandon Crawford and Gregor Blanco 's sacrifice fly . Pagan 's RBI single in the fourth made it 6 - 5 and chased Chacin , who gave up eight runs -- eight earned -- and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a three - run homer by Rosario , his third of the season . It was his first home run since July 26 .
CLEVELAND -- Justin Masterson pitched a four - hitter and the Cleveland Indians beat the New York Yankees 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Masterson ( 6 - 2 ) struck out nine and walked three in his first career complete game . He struck out nine , walked three and threw 79 of 118 pitches for strikes . Masterson ( 6 - 2 ) gave up four hits , walked three and struck out nine . The right - hander has won his last three starts and is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . David Phelps ( 1 - 2 ) gave up one run and four hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Yankees . He struck out seven and walked five . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in five starts since being recalled from Triple-A New Orleans on June 8 . The Yankees have lost five of their last six games . Phelps ( 1 - 2 ) allowed one run and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . The right - hander struck out seven and walked five . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in five starts since being recalled from Triple-A New Orleans on June 8 . The Yankees have lost five of their last six games . Phelps allowed one run and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . The right - hander struck out seven and walked five . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . The Yankees have scored only four runs in their last five games .
DETROIT -- The Cleveland Indians have been waiting for Justin Verlander to find a way to beat the Detroit Tigers . Asdrubal Cabrera had three hits and drove in two runs , Asdrubal Cabrera had three hits and drove in two runs , and the Indians beat the Tigers 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 4 - 3 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked five . Verlander ( 4 - 3 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked five . Verlander ( 4 - 3 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked five . Verlander ( 4 - 3 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked five . Verlander ( 4 - 3 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked five . Verlander ( 4 - 3 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked five . The Indians took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Cabrera and a bases - loaded walk to Giambi . The Indians made it 3 - 0 in the second on Nick Swisher 's RBI double , and Giambi 's RBI double in the second made it 3 - 0 . Verlander allowed four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked five .
HOUSTON -- Josh Hamilton and the Los Angeles Angels are starting to look like a team . Hamilton homered and drove in two runs , Brendan Harris also went deep and the Angels beat the Houston Astros 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Josh Hamilton and Brendan Harris also homered for the Angels , who have won four of five . Garrett Richards ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win , and Ernesto Frieri struck out the side in the ninth for his fifth save . Garrett Richards ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win , and Ernesto Frieri struck out the side in the ninth for his fifth save . Houston starter Jason Vargas allowed five runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Houston starter Lucas Harrell allowed two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in five innings . Dominguez 's two - run single in the sixth gave the Astros a 5 - 3 lead . Houston starter Lucas Harrell allowed two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in five innings . Dominguez 's two - run single in the sixth gave the Astros a 5 - 3 lead . Houston starter Lucas Harrell allowed two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in five innings . Dominguez 's two - run single in the sixth gave the Astros a 5 - 3 lead . Dominguez 's two - run single in the sixth gave the Astros a 5 - 3 lead . Dominguez 's two - run single in the sixth gave the Astros a 5 - 3 lead . Dominguez 's two - run single in the sixth made it 5 - 3 .
BOSTON -- Minnesota Twins manager Ron Gardenhire was n't surprised to see his team get a win . Pedro Florimon hit a two - run homer , Trevor Plouffe had three hits and drove in three runs , and the Twins beat the Boston Red Sox 15 - 8 on Tuesday night . Trevor Plouffe had three hits and drove in three runs , Trevor Plouffe had three hits and drove in three runs and Joe Mauer had three hits for the Twins , who have won four of five . Ryan Pressly ( 1 - 0 ) pitched four scoreless innings for the win . Ryan Pressly ( 1 - 0 ) pitched four scoreless innings for the win . Ryan Pressly ( 1 - 0 ) pitched four scoreless innings for the win . Ryan Pressly ( 1 - 0 ) pitched four scoreless innings in relief of Minnesota starter Felix Doubront , who gave up six runs and 11 hits in 1 2/3 innings . The Red Sox took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Aaron Hicks and a two - run homer by Doumit . The Red Sox took a 14 - 6 lead in the fifth on a two - run single by Aaron Hicks and a two - run double by Aaron Hicks . The Red Sox took a 14 - 6 lead in the fifth on a two - run single by Aaron Hicks , a sacrifice fly by Morneau and an RBI double by Aaron Hicks . Gomes hit a sacrifice fly in the seventh to make it 14 - 7 . Gomes hit a sacrifice fly in the seventh to make it 14 - 7 . Doubront allowed six runs and 11 hits in 5 1/3 innings .
ATLANTA -- Dan Haren has been the Washington Nationals ' most consistent starter this season . Haren pitched eight innings of four - hit ball , Denard Span had three hits and drove in two runs and the Nationals beat the Atlanta Braves 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Haren ( 3 - 3 ) allowed four hits and one run in eight innings . He struck out four and walked one . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth for his ninth save in as many chances . Kris Medlen ( 1 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Medlen ( 1 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked three . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth for his ninth save in as many chances . Kris Medlen ( 1 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out eight . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Steve Lombardozzi and a two - out , two - run double by Steve Lombardozzi in the second . Span had a two - run double in the second to give the Nationals a 3 - 0 lead . Span had a two - run double in the second to give the Nationals a 3 - 0 lead . Span had a two - run double in the second to give the Nationals a 3 - 0 lead . Uggla 's homer in the seventh gave the Braves a 3 - 1 lead . Uggla 's homer in the seventh gave the Braves a 3 - 1 lead .
DETROIT -- Scott Diamond did n't have his best stuff of the season . Diamond pitched six solid innings , Chris Parmelee hit a solo homer and the Minnesota Twins beat the Detroit Tigers 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Diamond ( 2 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six - plus innings . He struck out three and walked one . Anibal Sanchez ( 3 - 2 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked two . The Tigers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on Justin Morneau 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by Jamey Carroll . Sanchez ( 3 - 2 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out nine . Sanchez ( 3 - 2 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He walked two and struck out nine . Sanchez ( 3 - 2 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out nine . The Tigers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Pedro Florimon and a run - scoring single by Jamey Carroll . The Twins added two more in the second . Florimon led off with a double and scored on Parmelee 's double . Parmelee followed with an RBI double to make it 3 - 0 . Sanchez allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out nine . The Tigers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on Morneau 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by Parmelee .
SEATTLE -- Anthony Rizzo had a big night at the plate . Rizzo hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the eighth inning and the Chicago Cubs beat the Seattle Mariners 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Edwin Jackson ( 4 - 10 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings for the Cubs . Kevin Gregg pitched the ninth for his 13th save in 15 chances . Jeremy Bonderman ( 1 - 2 ) gave up six hits and six runs in 3 1/3 innings for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Bonderman ( 1 - 2 ) gave up six hits and six runs in 3 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Bonderman ( 1 - 2 ) gave up six hits and six runs in 3 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Raul Ibanez homered off Shawn Camp in the seventh to make it 7 - 3 . Kevin Gregg pitched the ninth for his 13th save in 15 chances . Bonderman ( 1 - 2 ) lasted only 3 1/3 innings , giving up six hits and six runs . He walked two and struck out two . The Mariners scored three runs in the second inning off Jeremy Bonderman ( 1 - 2 ) , who allowed six hits and six runs -- four earned -- in 3 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Bonderman ( 1 - 2 ) allowed six hits and six runs -- four earned -- in 3 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Mariners scored three runs in the second inning , including a run - scoring double by Rizzo and a run - scoring double by Rizzo .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- R. A. Dickey did n't need much run support for the Toronto Blue Jays . Dickey pitched a two - hitter for his first career shutout , Edwin Encarnacion hit a solo homer and the Blue Jays beat the Tampa Bay Rays 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 7 - 8 ) struck out six and walked one in his first career complete game . The right - hander struck out six and walked one , throwing 68 of his 93 pitches for strikes . Dickey ( 7 - 8 ) struck out six and walked one in his third career complete game . He struck out six , walked one and lowered his ERA to 4.72 . Adam Lind hit a solo homer and Adam Lind also went deep for the Blue Jays , who have won three of four . Roberto Hernandez ( 4 - 9 ) gave up three runs and six hits in eight innings for the Rays , who have lost four of five . The Rays have lost five of six . The Blue Jays have won three of their last four games . The Blue Jays were shut out for the third time this season . The Blue Jays have won three of four . The Blue Jays were shut out for the third time this season . The Blue Jays have won three of four . The Blue Jays have won three of four . The Blue Jays have won three of four . The Blue Jays have won three of four . The Blue Jays have won three of four . The Blue Jays have won five of six . The Blue Jays have won five of six . The Blue Jays have won five of six .
HOUSTON -- The St. Louis Cardinals ' offense has been a problem for the Cardinals . Allen Craig had four hits , including a two - run homer , and Allen Craig went 4 - for - 5 with a homer and three RBIs to lead the Cardinals to a 13 - 5 win over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . Allen Craig went 4 - for - 5 with a homer and three RBIs for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Westbrook ( 4 - 2 ) allowed four runs -- four earned -- and four hits in six - plus innings . He struck out three and walked two . Lucas Harrell ( 5 - 8 ) allowed seven runs and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Lucas Harrell ( 5 - 8 ) allowed seven runs and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . Matt Dominguez hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Matt Dominguez hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Houston starter Lucas Harrell ( 5 - 8 ) allowed seven runs and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings . He was replaced by Dallas Keuchel , who gave up a two - run homer to Craig in the eighth . Harrell was replaced by Dallas Keuchel , who gave up a two - run homer to Craig in the eighth . Harrell was replaced by Dallas Keuchel , who gave up a two - run homer to Craig in the eighth . Harrell was replaced by Dallas Keuchel , who gave up a two - run homer to Craig .
MIAMI -- Jose Fernandez took a no - hitter into the sixth inning , and the Miami Marlins beat the Minnesota Twins 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Fernandez allowed one run and four hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked three . Marcell Ozuna had two hits and two RBIs , and Marcell Ozuna drove in two runs . A. J. Ramos ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two innings for the win . Steve Cishek pitched a perfect ninth for his 13th save in 14 chances . Kevin Correia ( 6 - 5 ) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings for the Twins . He struck out two and walked two . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out RBI single by Josh Willingham . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Josh Willingham 's two - out RBI single . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Josh Willingham 's two - out RBI single . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Josh Willingham 's two - out RBI single . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Josh Willingham 's two - out RBI single . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Josh Willingham 's two - out RBI single . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out RBI single by Josh Willingham . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out RBI single by Josh Willingham . Dietrich hit a leadoff homer in the seventh .
PHILADELPHIA -- Ryan Howard 's first career pinch - hit homer was his first of the season . Howard homered twice and drove in four runs , Michael Young also went deep and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the New York Mets 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Howard hit a two - run single in the first inning and a solo homer in the fifth , giving the Phillies a 3 - 1 lead . Howard connected off Carlos Torres ( 0 - 1 ) with two outs in the fifth to give the Phillies a 5 - 1 lead . Howard connected off Carlos Torres ( 0 - 1 ) with two outs in the fifth to give the Phillies a 5 - 1 lead . Howard connected off Carlos Torres ( 0 - 1 ) with two outs in the fifth to give the Phillies a 3 - 1 lead . Howard followed with a two - out single to make it 2 - 0 . The Phillies scored four times in the seventh to take a 7 - 1 lead . Eric Young Jr. hit a two - run double and Eric Young Jr. had a two - run double . Eric Young Jr. hit a two - run double and Eric Young Jr. had a two - run double . Eric Young Jr. hit a two - run double in the seventh to cut it to 7 - 4 . Eric Young Jr. hit a two - run double off Justin De Fratus to cut it to 7 - 4 . Eric Young Jr. followed with a two - run double to cut it to 7 - 4 . Eric Young Jr. followed with a two - run double to cut it to 7 - 4 . Eric Young Jr. followed with a two - run double to cut it to 7 - 4 . Eric Young Jr. followed with a two - run double to cut it to 7 - 4 . Eric Young Jr. followed with a two - run double to cut it to 7 - 4 . Eric Young Jr. followed with a two - run double to cut it to 7 - 4 . Eric Young Jr. followed with a two - run double to cut it to 7 - 4 . Eric Young Jr. followed with a two - run double to cut it to 7 - 4 . Quintanilla followed with an RBI single to make it 7 - 5 .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants have been waiting for pinch - hitter Hector Sanchez to come through in a big way . Sanchez singled in the winning run with one out in the 11th inning , lifting the Giants to a 2 - 1 victory over the Miami Marlins on Tuesday night . Sanchez was mobbed by his teammates as he rounded first base and pumped his fist as he rounded first base . Sandy Rosario ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Mike Dunn ( 2 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up two hits and one run in one inning . Sandy Rosario ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Mike Dunn ( 2 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up a one - out double to Joaquin Arias in the 11th . Gregor Blanco followed with an RBI single to center . Sandy Rosario ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Jacob Turner allowed one run and six hits in seven innings for the Marlins . He walked one and struck out two . Miami starter Jacob Turner gave up one run and six hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out two . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Lucas 's first homer of the season . The Marlins tied it in the fifth when Blanco singled , stole second and scored on a double by Blanco . The Giants tied it in the fifth when Blanco singled , stole second and scored on Blanco 's double . Zito allowed six hits , struck out five and walked two .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Pittsburgh Pirates manager Clint Hurdle was n't happy with the way Gerrit Cole was pitching . Cole pitched 6 1/3 innings of four - hit ball , Jordy Mercer homered and drove in two runs and the Pirates beat Jered Weaver and the Los Angeles Angels 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cole ( 3 - 0 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 6 1/3 innings , striking out five and walking one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.30 ERA in his last five starts against the Angels . Jason Grilli pitched a perfect ninth for his major league - leading 26th save in 30 attempts . Jered Weaver ( 1 - 4 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Weaver ( 1 - 4 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Weaver ( 1 - 4 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings , struck out three and walked none . The right - hander has lost three straight starts for the first time in his career . The Angels have lost four of five . Weaver ( 1 - 4 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings , struck out three and walked none . The right - hander has lost three straight starts for the first time this season . The Angels have lost five of their last six games at Angel Stadium , their longest skid since a 10 - game run in June 2009 .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Hector Santiago did n't need much run support for the Chicago White Sox . Santiago pitched eight innings of three - hit ball , Alejandro De Aza hit a three - run homer and the White Sox routed the Kansas City Royals 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Santiago ( 3 - 5 ) allowed one run and three hits in eight innings , striking out five and walking one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his past five starts . The White Sox scored two runs in the first inning on a bases - loaded walk to Adam Dunn and a sacrifice fly by Conor Gillaspie . Alejandro De Aza and Alejandro De Aza hit back - to - back home runs in the third to give the White Sox a 7 - 0 lead . Eric Hosmer hit a solo home run in the sixth for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Guthrie ( 7 - 5 ) was charged with six runs , five hits and three walks in 2 1/3 innings . He was charged with three runs in the first , including a three - run homer by Alejandro De Aza . The White Sox added three runs in the third , including a two - run homer by Alejandro De Aza and a two - run shot by Alejandro De Aza . The White Sox scored two runs in the third on an RBI double by Adam Dunn and a three - run homer by Alejandro De Aza . It was the second time this season the White Sox have hit back - to - back home runs . The White Sox scored two runs in the first inning on a bases - loaded walk to Paul Konerko and a sacrifice fly by Conor Gillaspie . The White Sox added three runs in the third on an RBI double by Adam Dunn and a two - run homer by Alejandro De Aza .
ST. LOUIS -- Kevin Gregg got the final two outs for his 10th save in 12 chances , and the Chicago Cubs held on for a 4 - 2 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Wednesday night . Samardzija ( 4 - 7 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in 8 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Samardzija ( 4 - 7 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in 8 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Kevin Gregg got the final two outs for his 10th save in 12 chances . Carlos Beltran homered for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Wainwright ( 10 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter . Carlos Beltran homered for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Samardzija ( 4 - 7 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in 8 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Kevin Gregg got the final two outs for his 10th save in 12 chances . Wainwright ( 10 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Cardinals have lost four of five . Wainwright ( 10 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . The Cardinals have lost four of five . Wainwright ( 10 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked none .
PITTSBURGH -- Pedro Alvarez 's first home run of the season came on a 3 - 2 pitch in the fifth inning that gave the Pittsburgh Pirates a 6 - 3 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Tuesday night . Alvarez hit a three - run homer in the fifth inning and added a solo shot in the sixth to give the Pirates a 6 - 3 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Tuesday night . The Pirates have won five of their past six games and have won five of their past six games . Cole ( 2 - 0 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He did n't walk a batter and struck out one . Jason Grilli pitched a hitless ninth for his major league - leading 25th save . Greinke ( 3 - 2 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Dodgers have lost five of their past six games . The Dodgers have lost four of five . Yasiel Puig had three hits for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Andre Ethier had two hits and drove in two runs for Los Angeles . Andre Ethier had two hits and drove in two runs for Los Angeles . Andre Ethier had two hits and drove in two runs for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Yasiel Puig had three hits for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Yasiel Puig had three hits for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Tim Federowicz drove in the Dodgers ' first run with a groundout in the second .
ATLANTA -- B. J. Upton hit two home runs and drove in three runs to lead the Atlanta Braves to a 6 - 5 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night . Upton hit a two - run homer in the sixth off Chad Gaudin , then added a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Braves a 5 - 4 lead . Upton hit a two - run homer in the sixth off Chad Gaudin , and Chris Johnson singled in a run in the ninth off Craig Kimbrel ( 2 - 1 ) . Craig Kimbrel ( 2 - 1 ) gave up a walk and a single in the ninth . Hunter Pence drove in two runs with a sacrifice fly and Tony Abreu had three hits and drove in a run for the Giants . Tony Abreu had three hits and drove in a run for the Giants , who have lost three straight . Tony Abreu had three hits and drove in a run for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Tony Abreu had three hits and drove in a run for the Giants , who have lost three straight . Tony Abreu had three hits and drove in a run for the Giants , who have lost three straight . Tony Abreu had three hits and drove in a run for the Giants , who have lost three straight . Tony Abreu had three hits and drove in a run for the Giants , who have lost three straight . Tony Abreu had three hits and drove in a run for the Giants , who have lost three straight . Tony Abreu had three hits and drove in a run for San Francisco .
HOUSTON -- Lucas Harrell has been impressed with the Houston Astros ' rotation . Harrell pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Chris Carter and Chris Carter hit back - to - back home runs and the Astros beat the Chicago White Sox 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Harrell ( 5 - 7 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Jose Veras pitched the ninth for his 13th save . John Danks ( 1 - 3 ) allowed five hits and four runs in six innings for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Danks ( 1 - 3 ) allowed five hits and four runs with five strikeouts in six innings . Adam Dunn homered for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Danks ( 1 - 3 ) allowed five hits and four runs with five strikeouts in six innings . The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . Danks ( 1 - 3 ) allowed five hits and four runs in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Conor Gillaspie doubled with one out and scored on a two - out single by Gordon Beckham . The White Sox tied it at 1 - all in the second when Dominguez doubled with one out and scored on a double by Barnes to make it 1 - 1 . Dominguez singled with one out in the second inning and scored on a double by Brandon Barnes to tie it at 1 - 1 . Dominguez singled with one out in the second inning and scored on a double by Brandon Barnes to tie it at 1 - 1 . Dominguez singled with one out in the second inning and scored on a double by Brandon Barnes to tie it at 1 - all . Dominguez singled with one out in the fourth inning and scored on a double by Brandon Barnes to make it 1 - 1 . Dominguez singled with one out in the fifth inning and scored on a double by Barnes to make it 4 - 1 .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting for a couple of days to find a way to beat the Detroit Tigers . Trevor Plouffe hit a two - run homer , Trevor Plouffe had a two - run shot and the Twins beat the Tigers 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Samuel Deduno ( 3 - 1 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in seven innings for the Twins , who have won four of five . Glen Perkins pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Joe Mauer had a two - run single in the sixth for the Twins , who have won four of five . Glen Perkins pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Joe Mauer had a two - run single in the sixth for the Twins , who have won four of five . Glen Perkins pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Joe Mauer had a two - run single in the sixth for the Twins , who have won four of five . Glen Perkins pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . The Tigers have lost six of their last seven games . The Tigers have lost six of their last seven games . The Tigers have lost six of their last seven games . The Tigers have lost six of their last seven games . The Tigers have lost six of their last seven games . The Tigers have lost five of their last six games . The Tigers have lost five of their last six games . The Tigers have lost five of their last six games . The Tigers have lost five of their last six games .
CLEVELAND -- Washington Nationals manager Davey Johnson said he was n't thinking about his team 's latest loss . The Nationals ' first game - ending homer of the season came on a night when Bryce Harper hit a go - ahead homer in the eighth inning , and the Nationals beat the Cleveland Indians 7 - 6 on Wednesday night . Anthony Rendon hit a solo homer in the first inning and Ryan Zimmerman also homered for the Nationals , who have won four of five . The Nationals have lost five of six . Drew Storen ( 1 - 1 ) pitched one - third of an inning for the win . Rafael Soriano worked the ninth for his 18th save . Ian Desmond hit a solo homer in the first and Jayson Werth also homered for the Nationals . Drew Storen ( 1 - 1 ) pitched one - third of an inning for the win . Rafael Soriano worked the ninth for his 18th save . Ian Desmond hit a solo homer in the first , and Ryan Zimmerman and Ryan Zimmerman also connected for the Nationals . Kazmir was charged with five runs and four hits in 2 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 7.16 ERA in his last five starts . The Indians scored three times in the fifth to take a 6 - 5 lead . Jason Kipnis hit an RBI single and Michael Brantley 's two - run double made it 6 - 5 . The Indians scored three times in the fifth to take a 6 - 5 lead . Jason Kipnis hit an RBI single and Michael Brantley 's two - run double made it 6 - 5 . Zimmermann allowed eight hits and six runs in five innings .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Kansas City Royals have n't been able to do much better against the Tampa Bay Rays . Elliot Johnson homered and drove in three runs , Ervin Santana pitched into the eighth inning and the Royals beat the Rays 10 - 1 on Tuesday night . Santana ( 5 - 5 ) allowed an unearned run and five hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Jeremy Hellickson ( 4 - 3 ) gave up a career - high eight runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Hellickson ( 4 - 3 ) gave up a season - high eight runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a < unk > ERA in four starts against the Royals this season . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost five of six . The Rays have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . Tampa Bay has lost four of five . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . Tampa Bay went ahead 1 - 0 on Salvador Perez 's RBI single in the sixth . The Royals added three more in the sixth on Salvador Perez 's RBI single and Salvador Perez 's run - scoring single . Salvador Perez 's RBI single made it 4 - 0 and chased Hellickson , who gave up 10 hits and eight runs in 5 2/3 innings .
LOS ANGELES -- The Arizona Diamondbacks had a chance to take the lead in the 12th inning . Martin Prado hit a go - ahead , two - run single in the 12th inning , and the Diamondbacks held on to beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 8 - 6 on Tuesday night . The Diamondbacks took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth against Ronald Belisario ( 3 - 5 ) , who was charged with four runs and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . Cody Ross had a career - high four hits and Cody Ross had four hits for the Diamondbacks . Josh Collmenter ( 3 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Arizona starter Patrick Corbin gave up four runs and eight hits in five innings , struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Arizona starter Patrick Corbin gave up four runs and eight hits in five innings , struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against the Dodgers this season . Arizona starter Patrick Corbin gave up four runs and eight hits in five innings , struck out two and did n't walk a batter . He was charged with four runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Arizona starter Patrick Corbin gave up four runs and eight hits in five innings , struck out two and did n't walk a batter . He was charged with four earned runs and eight hits in five innings .
MIAMI -- Carlos Gomez had a career - high four hits and drove in four runs , Alfredo Figaro pitched seven innings of three - hit ball and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the Miami Marlins 10 - 1 on Tuesday night . Gomez had four hits and three RBIs , including a three - run triple in the first inning and a three - run double in the sixth off Kevin Slowey ( 2 - 6 ) . Lucroy had a three - run double in the first inning and a three - run double in the sixth to help the Brewers win for the fifth time in six games . Lucroy had a three - run triple in the first inning and a three - run double in the sixth to help the Brewers win for the fifth time in six games . Lucroy had a three - run triple in the first inning and a three - run double in the sixth to help the Brewers win for the fifth time in six games . Lucroy had a three - run triple in the first inning and a three - run double in the sixth to help the Brewers win for the fifth time in six games . Lucroy had a three - run triple in the first inning and a two - run double in the sixth . He also doubled and scored in the fourth . Gomez had a three - run double in the first inning off Kevin Slowey ( 2 - 6 ) , who gave up six runs and nine hits in five innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Slowey ( 2 - 6 ) gave up six runs , five earned , and nine hits in five innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter . Slowey ( 2 - 6 ) allowed six runs , five earned , and nine hits in five innings . He struck out six .
MILWAUKEE -- Cliff Lee has been the Milwaukee Brewers ' most consistent starter this season . Jean Segura singled with one out in the bottom of the seventh inning and scored on Aramis Ramirez 's single to give the Brewers a 5 - 4 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Lee allowed four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked three . Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Milwaukee starter Alfredo Figaro gave up four runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter . Milwaukee starter Alfredo Figaro allowed four runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when John Mayberry Jr. led off with a double and scored on Delmon Young 's single . Jimmy Rollins ' RBI single gave the Phillies a 1 - 0 lead in the first . John Mayberry Jr. led off the fourth with a single , stole second and scored on Jimmy Rollins ' single . Jimmy Rollins followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 , and Jimmy Rollins followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 . Jimmy Rollins followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 , and Jimmy Rollins followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 . Jimmy Rollins followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 , and Jimmy Rollins followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 . Kratz followed with a two - run homer to make it 4 - 0 .
HOUSTON -- Carlos Pena and the Houston Astros are going to have a lot of fun . Pena hit a two - run homer and Dallas Keuchel pitched six strong innings to help the Houston Astros beat the Baltimore Orioles 11 - 7 on Tuesday night . Dominguez hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Jose Altuve added a solo shot in the fourth to give Houston a 7 - 1 lead . Dominguez hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 4 - 1 . Dominguez hit a two - run shot in the fourth to make it 9 - 1 . It was his second home run of the season and first since May 2 , a span of 194 at - bats . Matt Wieters hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore starter Freddy Garcia ( 2 - 3 ) allowed seven hits and six runs in three - plus innings . He was replaced by Steve Johnson , who was recalled from Triple-A Norfolk earlier in the day . Baltimore starter Freddy Garcia ( 2 - 3 ) allowed seven hits and six runs in three - plus innings . He was replaced by Steve Johnson , who was recalled from Triple-A Norfolk earlier in the day . Baltimore starter Freddy Garcia ( 2 - 3 ) allowed seven hits and six runs in three - plus innings . He was replaced by Steve Johnson , who was recalled from Triple-A Norfolk earlier in the day . Baltimore starter Freddy Garcia ( 2 - 3 ) allowed seven hits and six runs in three - plus innings . He was replaced by Steve Johnson , who was recalled from Triple-A Norfolk earlier in the day . Baltimore starter Freddy Garcia ( 2 - 3 ) allowed seven hits and six runs in three - plus innings . He was replaced by Steve Johnson , who gave up a two - run homer to Dominguez in the fourth .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels have been waiting for Albert Pujols to find a way to beat the Chicago Cubs . Pujols hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the eighth inning , leading the Angels to a 4 - 3 victory over the Cubs on Tuesday night . The Angels have won five of their last six games and have the best record in the majors at 22 - 11 . The Cubs have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Robert Coello ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . Ernesto Frieri pitched the ninth for his 13th save in 14 chances . Jered Weaver gave up three runs -- one earned -- and six hits in six innings , striking out five and walking one . Ernesto Frieri pitched the ninth for his 13th save in 14 chances . Jered Weaver gave up three runs -- one earned -- and six hits in six innings , striking out five and walking one . Scott Feldman allowed two runs and six hits in six innings for Chicago , which has lost four of five . The Cubs have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Robert Coello ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Ernesto Frieri pitched the ninth for his 13th save in 14 chances . Jered Weaver gave up three runs -- one earned -- and six hits in six innings for the Angels . He struck out five and walked one . Ernesto Frieri pitched the ninth for his 13th save .
NEW YORK -- Mark Teixeira 's first career grand slam put the New York Yankees ahead to stay . Teixeira hit a grand slam and Travis Hafner also went deep , leading the Yankees to a 7 - 4 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Teixeira hit a grand slam off Justin Masterson ( 8 - 4 ) to give the Yankees a 4 - 1 lead in the third , and Travis Hafner added a solo homer in the seventh . Shawn Kelley ( 3 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Mariano Rivera worked the ninth for his 20th save in 22 chances . Justin Masterson ( 8 - 4 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . Masterson ( 8 - 4 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI fielder 's choice by Nick Swisher and an RBI fielder 's choice by Carlos Santana . Pettitte gave up four runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . Mariano Rivera worked around a one - out single in the ninth for his 20th save in 22 chances . The Indians , who have lost five of six , fell to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game road trip . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Cleveland has lost six of seven and is 1 - 6 since the All-Star break .
CHICAGO -- Patrick Corbin has been a big part of the Arizona Diamondbacks ' rotation . Corbin pitched six solid innings and Wil Nieves had three hits and drove in two runs , leading the Diamondbacks to an 8 - 4 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Corbin ( 9 - 0 ) allowed four runs and six hits , struck out five and walked two . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in his last five starts . Corbin ( 9 - 0 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Arizona starter Edwin Jackson ( 1 - 8 ) gave up seven runs -- five earned -- and 12 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Jackson ( 1 - 8 ) gave up seven runs -- five earned -- and 12 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Jackson ( 1 - 8 ) gave up seven runs -- five earned -- and 12 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Jackson ( 1 - 8 ) gave up seven runs -- five earned -- and 12 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Jackson ( 1 - 8 ) gave up seven runs -- five earned -- and 12 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Jackson ( 1 - 8 ) allowed seven runs -- five earned -- and 12 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three .
CHICAGO -- Paul Goldschmidt had a big night at the plate . Goldschmidt hit a grand slam and drove in four runs to lead the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 12 - 4 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Goldschmidt hit a leadoff homer in the first inning and added a two - run double in the seventh to give the Diamondbacks a 4 - 3 lead . Goldschmidt hit a solo homer in the first inning and a two - run double in the seventh to give the Diamondbacks a 4 - 3 lead . Kubel 's three - run double in the seventh gave the Diamondbacks a 4 - 3 lead . Goldschmidt hit a solo homer in the first inning and a two - run double in the seventh to give the Diamondbacks a 4 - 3 lead . Goldschmidt hit a sacrifice fly in the ninth and scored on Kubel 's fielder 's choice . Gerardo Parra also homered and Willie Bloomquist had three hits for the Diamondbacks . Nate Schierholtz hit a solo homer and Nate Schierholtz hit a solo homer for the Cubs , who have lost three of four . Nate Schierholtz hit a solo homer and Nate Schierholtz hit a solo shot for the Cubs , who have lost three of four . Nate Schierholtz hit a solo homer and Alfonso Soriano had a sacrifice fly for the Cubs , who have lost three of four . Nate Schierholtz hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Cubs , who have lost three of four . Arizona 's Jeff Samardzija ( 2 - 3 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out a season - high 11 .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres finally got a win . Pinch-hitter Chris Denorfia hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the Padres to a 2 - 1 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Chris Denorfia hit a two - run , pinch - hit homer off Aroldis Chapman ( 3 - 4 ) in the bottom of the ninth to give the Padres a 2 - 1 lead . Chapman ( 3 - 4 ) walked Yonder Alonso to load the bases with one out before pinch - hitter Chris Denorfia hit a two - run homer to left - center to give the Padres a 2 - 1 lead . Luke Gregerson ( 5 - 5 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Chapman ( 3 - 4 ) took the loss , giving up a leadoff homer to Chris Denorfia and pinch - hitter Chris Denorfia 's two - run pinch - hit homer . Luke Gregerson ( 5 - 5 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Mike Leake allowed four hits in seven innings , struck out five and walked two . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Cesar Izturis . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on Cesar Izturis ' run - scoring fielder 's choice . O'Sullivan allowed one run and five hits in six innings , struck out one and walked five . The right - hander is winless in his last five starts . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on an RBI fielder 's choice by Cesar Izturis .
MIAMI -- Jose Fernandez had the best start of his young career . Fernandez struck out 13 in eight innings , Giancarlo Stanton homered and the Miami Marlins beat Gerrit Cole and the Pittsburgh Pirates 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Fernandez ( 7 - 5 ) allowed two runs and five hits in eight innings . He walked none and threw 74 of 97 pitches for strikes . Steve Cishek pitched the ninth for his 22nd save in 24 chances . Cole ( 5 - 4 ) allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Cole ( 5 - 4 ) allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The Pirates have lost four of their past five games . Cole ( 5 - 4 ) allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Cole ( 5 - 4 ) allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Pedro Alvarez led off with a double and scored on Clint Barmes ' double . Clint Barmes followed with an RBI single to give the Pirates a 2 - 0 lead . Clint Barmes ' RBI single in the second gave the Pirates a 2 - 0 lead . Clint Barmes ' RBI single in the second gave the Pirates a 2 - 0 lead . Clint Barmes ' RBI single in the second gave the Pirates a 2 - 0 lead . Clint Barmes ' RBI single in the second made it 2 - 0 .
LOS ANGELES -- Yasiel Puig 's first career game - ending homer gave the Los Angeles Dodgers a 1 - 0 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Friday night . Puig homered with two outs in the 11th inning off Curtis Partch ( 0 - 1 ) , who was making his major league debut after being recalled from Triple-A Louisville earlier in the day . It was his first career game - ending homer . Brandon League ( 6 - 3 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Ronald Belisario got two outs in the eighth , and Kenley Jansen pitched a 1 - 2 - 3 10th . Brandon League ( 6 - 3 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost five of six . The Reds have lost five of six . The Reds have lost five of six . The Reds have lost five of six . The Reds have lost five of six . The Reds have lost five of six . The Reds have lost five of six . The Reds have lost five of six . The Reds have lost five of six . The Reds have lost five of six . The Reds have lost five of six . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost five of six . The Reds have lost five of six . The Reds have lost five of six . The Reds have lost five of six . Cincinnati 's Chris Capuano ( 4 - 4 ) pitched three - hit ball over 6 2/3 innings , striking out four and walking none .
TORONTO -- The Toronto Blue Jays have been waiting for Edwin Encarnacion to do a little bit of everything . Encarnacion hit a tiebreaking grand slam in the seventh inning and the Blue Jays beat the Houston Astros 12 - 6 on Tuesday night , handing the Astros their fourth straight loss . Encarnacion hit a solo homer in the third and a solo drive in the seventh . He also walked twice , walked twice , walked twice and scored three times . Brett Cecil ( 4 - 1 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning to get the win . Steve Delabar worked the eighth and Steve Delabar finished for the Blue Jays , who have won four of five . Brett Cecil ( 4 - 1 ) got two outs for the win and Steve Delabar finished in the ninth for the Blue Jays . Brett Cecil ( 4 - 1 ) got two outs for the win . Steve Delabar worked the eighth and Steve Delabar finished for the Blue Jays . Brett Cecil ( 4 - 1 ) got two outs for the win . Steve Delabar worked the eighth and Steve Delabar finished for the Blue Jays , who have won four of five . Houston 's Jordan Lyles allowed four runs and nine hits in five - plus innings . He walked three and struck out one . Houston starter Jordan Lyles allowed four runs and nine hits in five - plus innings . He walked three and struck out one . Houston 's Jordan Lyles allowed four runs and nine hits in five - plus innings . He walked three and struck out one . Lyles allowed four runs and nine hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out one .
MILWAUKEE -- The San Diego Padres have been waiting for pinch - hitter Jesus Guzman and the rest of the San Diego Padres . Guzman hit a pinch - hit , two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Padres beat the Milwaukee Brewers 10 - 8 on Tuesday night . Quentin hit a two - run homer in the third and a two - run shot in the seventh off Mike Gonzalez . It was the first pinch - hit homer of his career , and the first pinch - hit homer of Guzman 's career . Edinson Volquez ( 8 - 8 ) allowed three runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings for San Diego . Huston Street pitched the ninth for his 18th save in 19 chances . Carlos Gomez went 3 - for - 5 with a home run for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Edinson Volquez ( 8 - 8 ) allowed three runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . Huston Street pitched the ninth for his 18th save in 19 chances . Carlos Gomez homered and had three hits for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Milwaukee starter Yovani Gallardo ( 8 - 9 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Brewers scored four times in the seventh to make it 6 - 3 . Carlos Gomez hit a solo homer and Caleb Gindl had a two - run double for the Brewers , who have lost four of five .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Eric Hosmer is making a habit of playing the Kansas City Royals . Hosmer hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the eighth inning , and the Royals beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Hosmer hit a two - run homer in the eighth off Darren O'Day ( 5 - 1 ) , and Alcides Escobar had an RBI double in the ninth . Luke Hochevar ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Royals starter Ervin Santana gave up three runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in eight innings . He struck out three and walked two . Matt Wieters hit a two - run homer for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Ervin Santana allowed three runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in eight innings . He struck out three and walked two . Matt Wieters hit a two - run homer for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Ervin Santana gave up three runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in eight innings for the Royals . He struck out three and walked two . Santana gave up three runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in eight innings . He walked two and struck out three . Santana gave up three runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in eight innings . He walked two and struck out three . Santana gave up three runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in eight innings . He walked two and struck out three . Santana gave up three runs , one earned , and seven hits in eight innings .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Chris Herrmann 's first career grand slam capped a five - run 10th inning that gave the Minnesota Twins a 10 - 3 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . The Twins had 15 hits , including three by Pedro Florimon , who had three hits and drove in four runs to help the Twins snap a three - game losing streak . The Angels have won six of their last seven games against the Angels , who have lost six of seven . Glen Perkins ( 2 - 0 ) gave up a run in the ninth before striking out Albert Pujols to end the inning . Albert Pujols homered for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Glen Perkins ( 2 - 0 ) gave up a run in the ninth before striking out Albert Pujols to end the inning . Minnesota starter Tommy Hanson allowed one run and four hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out RBI single by Brian Dozier . The Angels tied it in the seventh when Clete Thomas doubled and scored on a groundout by Brian Dozier . Minnesota starter Tommy Hanson allowed one run and four hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out eight and did n't walk a batter . The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 13.50 ERA in four previous starts against the Twins this season , including a no - decision in his previous start .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Glen Perkins got his first save with the Minnesota Twins . Clete Thomas hit a tiebreaking RBI single in the eighth inning and the Twins beat the Los Angeles Angels 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Deduno ( 6 - 4 ) gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings , walking five and striking out five . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.38 ERA in four starts against the Angels this season . Joe Blanton ( 2 - 13 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 3 2/3 innings for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Joe Blanton ( 2 - 13 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 3 2/3 innings for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Blanton ( 2 - 13 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 3 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Blanton ( 2 - 13 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 3 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Angels took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Aaron Hicks ' RBI double and Aaron Hicks ' run - scoring double . The Twins tied it in the third on a two - out RBI single by pinch hitter Collin Cowgill . The Angels tied it in the bottom half on Mike Trout 's RBI single and a run - scoring single by pinch hitter Collin Cowgill . The Angels tied it in the bottom half on Mike Trout 's RBI single and a run - scoring single by pinch hitter Collin Cowgill . The Angels tied it in the bottom half on Mike Trout 's RBI single and a run - scoring single by Collin Cowgill .
CINCINNATI -- Jeff Locke had his best start of the season . Locke struck out six in six innings , Garrett Jones hit a solo homer and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Cincinnati Reds 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Locke ( 9 - 2 ) allowed one run and six hits in six innings , striking out six and walking four . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.46 ERA in his last four starts . Jason Grilli pitched the ninth for his major league - leading 30th save in 34 chances . Homer Bailey ( 5 - 9 ) struck out a career - high 12 in 6 1/3 innings . He gave up three runs and seven hits with a walk and a career - high 12 strikeouts . The Reds have lost five of six . Bailey ( 5 - 9 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out a season - high 12 . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . Bailey ( 5 - 9 ) allowed seven hits and three runs with a season - high 12 strikeouts in 6 1/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games .
NEW YORK -- Matt Harvey and the rest of the New York Mets have been waiting for him to get back on track . Harvey pitched three - hit ball over seven innings and Juan Lagares hit a three - run homer , leading the Mets to a 5 - 0 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Friday night . Harvey ( 8 - 2 ) struck out 10 and did not walk a batter for the first time in his career . The right - hander is 6 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in nine starts since the All-Star break . Lee ( 10 - 4 ) allowed five runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Lee ( 10 - 4 ) allowed five runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Lee ( 10 - 4 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Phillies have lost four of five . Lee ( 10 - 4 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Phillies have lost four of five . Lee ( 10 - 4 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Phillies have lost four of five . Lee ( 10 - 4 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games at Citi Field , their longest skid since dropping eight in a row from July 28 - Aug. 1 , 2006 .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Baltimore Orioles manager Buck Showalter said he was n't thinking about his team 's loss to the New York Yankees . Chris Tillman pitched eight strong innings , Brian Roberts had two hits and drove in a run and the Orioles beat the Rangers 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Tillman ( 12 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Darren O'Day got the final two outs for his second save . Martin Perez ( 3 - 3 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings for the Rangers , who have lost three of four . Tillman ( 12 - 3 ) allowed two runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Darren O'Day got the final two outs for his second save . Martin Perez ( 3 - 3 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . The right - hander struck out five and walked one . Texas starter Martin Perez ( 3 - 3 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . The right - hander struck out five and walked one . Texas starter Martin Perez ( 3 - 3 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . The right - hander struck out five and walked one . Texas starter Martin Perez ( 3 - 3 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . The right - hander struck out five and walked one . Texas starter Martin Perez ( 3 - 3 ) allowed four runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings .
TORONTO -- The Tampa Bay Rays have been waiting all season for David Price and the Tampa Bay Rays . Price pitched seven innings to win consecutive starts for the first time this season , Ben Zobrist and Evan Longoria homered and the Rays beat the Toronto Blue Jays 8 - 5 on Tuesday night . Price ( 4 - 5 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out five . Price ( 4 - 5 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in seven innings to win consecutive starts for the first time this season . He walked one and struck out five . Brett Cecil ( 3 - 1 ) took the loss for the Blue Jays , who have lost six of seven . Brett Cecil ( 3 - 1 ) took the loss for the Blue Jays , who have lost six of seven . Toronto 's Jose Bautista hit a two - run homer and Brett Lawrie also went deep for the Blue Jays , who have lost six of seven . Blue Jays left - hander Esmil Rogers allowed four runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked none and struck out four . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jose Reyes scored on a two - out error by third baseman Brett Lawrie . Bautista 's two - run homer in the third gave the Blue Jays a 4 - 1 lead , but the Blue Jays answered in the bottom half when Bautista hit a two - run homer to right , his third . Bautista hit a two - run shot to right in the third , his 18th . It was the first home run allowed by McGee this season .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Ervin Santana did n't have his best stuff . The right - hander pitched two - hit ball into the eighth inning , leading the Kansas City Royals to a 1 - 0 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Santana ( 6 - 6 ) allowed two hits , walked one and struck out six . Santana ( 6 - 6 ) struck out six and walked one , throwing 62 of 106 pitches for strikes in 7 1/3 innings . Santana ( 6 - 6 ) allowed only two hits , walked one and struck out six in 7 1/3 innings . Santana ( 6 - 6 ) allowed two hits , walked one and struck out six in 7 1/3 innings . Greg Holland worked the ninth for his 23rd save in 27 opportunities . Anibal Sanchez ( 7 - 7 ) gave up one run and four hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out three . Sanchez ( 7 - 7 ) gave up one run and four hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out three . Sanchez ( 7 - 7 ) gave up one run and four hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out three . Sanchez ( 7 - 7 ) gave up one run and four hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out three . Sanchez ( 7 - 7 ) gave up one run and four hits in six innings , walking five and striking out three . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his past five starts . Sanchez , who had won his previous three starts , walked five and struck out three .
PHOENIX -- Logan Schafer has been a big part of the Milwaukee Brewers ' offense . Schafer homered and drove in two runs , Wily Peralta struck out eight in seven innings and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Schafer had two hits and drove in two runs , and Jean Segura had three hits for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Ian Kennedy ( 3 - 6 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Kennedy ( 3 - 6 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out four . Miguel Montero homered for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Kennedy ( 3 - 6 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out four . The Diamondbacks took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Schafer and a run - scoring groundout by Martin Maldonado . The Diamondbacks made it 4 - 0 in the second on an RBI groundout by Martin Maldonado and a sacrifice fly by Martin Maldonado . The Diamondbacks made it 4 - 0 in the second on Martin Maldonado 's run - scoring groundout . The Diamondbacks made it 4 - 0 in the second when Segura singled , stole second and scored on Martin Maldonado 's fielder 's choice . The Diamondbacks made it 4 - 0 in the second when Segura singled , stole second and scored on Martin Maldonado 's fielder 's choice . The Diamondbacks made it 4 - 0 in the second on an RBI groundout by Martin Maldonado .
NEW YORK -- CC Sabathia was n't as sharp as he 's been all season , so he was n't happy with the way he was pitching . Aaron Hicks hit a three - run homer , Aaron Hicks added a three - run shot and the Minnesota Twins beat the New York Yankees 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . Gibson ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out one . Ichiro Suzuki had three hits , including a solo homer , and drove in two runs for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Kyle Gibson ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out one . Ichiro Suzuki had three hits , including a solo homer , and drove in two runs for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Kyle Gibson ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out one . Ichiro Suzuki had three hits , including a solo homer , and drove in two runs for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Sabathia ( 9 - 8 ) gave up eight runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in four - plus innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Yankees have lost six of their last seven games and have dropped eight of 10 overall . Sabathia ( 9 - 8 ) gave up eight runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in four innings . He struck out five and walked two .
NEW YORK -- Samuel Deduno gave the Minnesota Twins exactly what they needed . Pedro Florimon hit a two - run homer , Pedro Florimon added a two - run shot and the Twins beat the New York Yankees 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Deduno ( 5 - 4 ) gave up one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked three . Glen Perkins pitched the ninth for his 21st save in 25 chances . Phil Hughes ( 4 - 9 ) gave up three home runs in 7 1/3 innings for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Hughes ( 4 - 9 ) gave up three home runs , including three homers , in 7 1/3 innings . He gave up three home runs , including three homers , in 7 1/3 innings . Hughes ( 4 - 9 ) gave up three home runs , including three homers , in 7 1/3 innings . He gave up three home runs , including three home runs , in 7 1/3 innings . Hughes ( 4 - 9 ) allowed four runs and five hits , including three homers , in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out 10 and walked one . Hughes , who had won his previous three starts , gave up three home runs , including three homers , in 7 1/3 innings . He gave up three homers in a game for the first time this season . Hughes ( 4 - 9 ) gave up three home runs , including three homers , in 7 1/3 innings . He gave up three home runs , including three homers , in a season - low 7 1/3 innings . Hughes gave up five hits and struck out a season - high 10 .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- John Lackey 's first win in nearly a month , and the Boston Red Sox did n't need much offense . Lackey pitched seven strong innings , Brock Holt hit a two - run single and the Red Sox beat the Oakland Athletics 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Lackey ( 7 - 6 ) allowed two runs and three hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out five . Koji Uehara struck out the side in the ninth for his eighth save in eight chances . Sean Doolittle ( 3 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up a leadoff single to Mike Napoli in the eighth and a two - out single to Mike Napoli . Holt followed with a two - run single off Ryan Cook to give the Red Sox a 4 - 2 lead . Koji Uehara struck out the side in the ninth for his eighth save in eight chances . Jed Lowrie homered for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Jed Lowrie homered for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Jed Lowrie and Jed Lowrie homered for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Jed Lowrie homered for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Oakland starter Jarrod Parker gave up three hits and two runs in seven innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The A 's have lost five of their last six games . Oakland 's Jarrod Parker allowed three hits and two runs in seven innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter .
SEATTLE -- Joe Saunders has been pitching well for the Seattle Mariners . Saunders pitched seven innings of five - hit ball , Raul Ibanez homered twice and the Mariners beat the Los Angeles Angels 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Saunders ( 8 - 8 ) gave up five hits , struck out five and walked two in seven innings . The right - hander is 4 - 1 with a 1.89 ERA in his last five starts . Saunders ( 8 - 8 ) allowed five hits and two walks while striking out five . He has won his last three starts and is 4 - 1 with a 1.89 ERA in his last six starts . Saunders ( 8 - 8 ) allowed five hits and two walks while striking out five . He has won his last three starts and is 4 - 1 with a 1.89 ERA in his last six starts . Saunders ( 8 - 8 ) gave up five hits , struck out five and walked two . The right - hander is 4 - 1 with a 1.89 ERA in his last five starts . Saunders ( 8 - 8 ) gave up five hits , struck out five and walked two . The right - hander was 0 - 3 in his previous five starts . The Mariners scored three runs in the eighth off Danny Farquhar to make it 8 - 2 . Albert Pujols hit an RBI triple and scored on Albert Pujols ' triple . Mark Trumbo followed with an RBI triple and Mark Trumbo followed with a run - scoring groundout . Albert Pujols ' RBI triple and Mark Trumbo 's RBI groundout cut the lead to 8 - 3 in the eighth , but Saunders struck out Howie Kendrick to end the inning .
PITTSBURGH -- Pittsburgh Pirates manager Clint Hurdle said the Mets ' bullpen could n't hold it . Pedro Alvarez hit a two - run homer in the first inning , Pedro Alvarez added a two - run shot in the bottom of the inning and the Pirates beat the New York Mets 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Pedro Alvarez hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Pedro Alvarez added a two - run shot as the Pirates won for the seventh time in eight games . Vin Mazzaro ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning for the win . Gonzalez Germen ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up a leadoff single to Starling Marte and a one - out single to Starling Marte . Jordy Mercer followed with an RBI single . Vin Mazzaro ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect 11th for the win . Pittsburgh starter Jeremy Hefner gave up two runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Mets have lost six of their past seven games . The Mets have lost six of their past seven games . The Mets have lost six of their past seven games . The Mets have lost six of their past seven games . The Mets have lost six of their past seven games and have scored only four runs in their last five games . The Mets have lost six of their past eight games and have scored only four runs in their last five games . The Mets were coming off a three - game sweep of the New York Mets in which they were swept in a three - game series at Atlanta .
BALTIMORE -- Adam Jones and the Baltimore Orioles did n't have much to celebrate . Jones hit a three - run homer in the third inning and the Orioles beat the Toronto Blue Jays 8 - 5 on Tuesday night . Jones hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a three - run drive in the sixth . It was the third time this season the Orioles have hit back - to - back home runs this season . It was the fourth time this season the Orioles have hit back - to - back home runs . Jones hit a three - run drive in the second inning and added a three - run drive in the sixth to make it 8 - 3 . It was the third time this season the Orioles have hit back - to - back home runs . Chris Tillman ( 11 - 3 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Jim Johnson got the final out for his 32nd save . Buehrle ( 5 - 6 ) allowed eight runs -- eight earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Buehrle ( 5 - 6 ) allowed eight runs -- eight earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Buehrle ( 5 - 6 ) allowed eight runs -- eight earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Arencibia and a two - run shot by J. P. Arencibia in the second . The Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half on a two - run homer by Davis . The Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half when Jones doubled and scored on a single by Jones .
CLEVELAND -- The Cleveland Indians have been waiting for knuckleballer R. A. Dickey to find a way to beat the Toronto Blue Jays . Danny Salazar struck out seven in six innings , Asdrubal Cabrera hit a solo homer and the Indians beat the Blue Jays 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Salazar ( 1 - 0 ) gave up one run and two hits in six innings , striking out seven and walking one . The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his six starts this season . Chris Perez gave up a run in the ninth but held on for his 11th save in 12 chances . Dickey ( 8 - 10 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Dickey ( 8 - 10 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Dickey ( 8 - 10 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Dickey ( 8 - 10 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Dickey ( 8 - 10 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Dickey ( 8 - 10 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three .
DETROIT -- Chris Sale did n't have his best stuff of the season . The right - hander allowed three runs and 10 hits in 6 2/3 innings , Josh Phegley hit a grand slam and the Chicago White Sox beat the Detroit Tigers 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Sale ( 6 - 8 ) allowed three runs and 10 hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Addison Reed pitched the ninth for his 23rd save in 28 chances . Anibal Sanchez ( 7 - 6 ) allowed five runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Miguel Cabrera homered for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Anibal Sanchez ( 7 - 6 ) allowed five runs -- four earned -- and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Alexei Ramirez . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Alexei Ramirez 's RBI double . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Alexei Ramirez . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Alexei Ramirez . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a double by Alexei Ramirez . The White Sox tied it in the second on Matt Tuiasosopo 's two - run homer . The White Sox tied it in the second on Matt Tuiasosopo 's two - run homer , his first of the year . The White Sox tied it in the second on Matt Tuiasosopo 's two - run homer .
MILWAUKEE -- Cincinnati Reds manager Dusty Baker was happy to see Mike Leake get the win . Leake pitched into the ninth inning and Brandon Phillips drove in three runs , leading the Reds to a 6 - 2 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Leake ( 8 - 4 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 8 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out two . Leake ( 8 - 4 ) gave up two runs and four hits in 8 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out two . Leake ( 8 - 4 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 8 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out two . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Devin Mesoraco 's sacrifice fly . Sean Halton hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Milwaukee has lost four of five . The Brewers have lost four of five . Milwaukee 's Johnny Hellweg ( 0 - 3 ) gave up four runs , four earned , and four hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out one . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Devin Mesoraco 's sacrifice fly . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Devin Mesoraco 's sacrifice fly . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Devin Mesoraco 's sacrifice fly . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Devin Mesoraco 's sacrifice fly . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Devin Mesoraco 's sacrifice fly .
SEATTLE -- The Boston Red Sox have found a way to beat the Seattle Mariners . David Ortiz hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , Felix Doubront pitched seven strong innings and the Red Sox beat the Mariners 11 - 4 on Tuesday night . Ortiz hit a two - run homer in the third inning off Seattle starter Aaron Harang ( 4 - 8 ) , who gave up seven runs and eight hits in five innings . Harang ( 4 - 8 ) was tagged for seven runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . It was the shortest outing of the season for Harang , who has allowed at least three earned runs in three of his last four starts . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . The Red Sox scored three runs in the eighth off Brandon Workman to make it 9 - 4 . Kendrys Morales ' RBI double and Justin Smoak 's run - scoring single off Brandon Workman made it 9 - 4 in the eighth . Kendrys Morales ' RBI double and Justin Smoak 's run - scoring single made it 9 - 4 . Kendrys Morales ' RBI double and Justin Smoak 's run - scoring single off Brandon Workman in the eighth made it 9 - 4 . Henry Blanco 's RBI double and Justin Smoak 's run - scoring single off Brandon Workman in the eighth made it 9 - 4 . The Mariners scored three runs in the eighth off Brandon Workman to make it 9 - 4 . Kendrys Morales ' RBI double and Justin Smoak 's run - scoring single off Brandon Workman made it 9 - 4 in the eighth .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- A. J. Pierzynski hit a three - run homer in the first inning off Erik Bedard , and the Texas Rangers beat the Houston Astros 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Adrian Beltre and A. J. Pierzynski hit three - run homers for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Cory Burns ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Joe Nathan pitched a perfect ninth for his 29th save in 34 chances . Erik Bedard ( 3 - 5 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out four . Bedard ( 3 - 5 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out four . Bedard ( 3 - 5 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out four . Bedard ( 3 - 5 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out four . Bedard ( 3 - 5 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out four . Bedard ( 3 - 5 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out four . Houston 's Justin Grimm allowed four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in four innings .
TORONTO -- Mark Buehrle was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Buehrle pitched seven innings , Jose Reyes had three hits and drove in two runs and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Minnesota Twins 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Buehrle ( 5 - 5 ) allowed six hits , struck out five and did not walk a batter . He walked none and struck out five . Buehrle ( 5 - 5 ) allowed six hits , struck out five and did not walk a batter . He walked none and struck out five . Kevin Correia ( 6 - 6 ) allowed four runs and 10 hits in six innings for the Twins . He walked three and struck out three . Correia ( 6 - 6 ) allowed four runs and 10 hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Blue Jays won for just the second time in eight games . The Blue Jays won for just the second time in eight games . The Blue Jays have won four of their past five games . Toronto has won six of its past eight meetings with the Twins . The Blue Jays have won four of five . Kevin Correia ( 6 - 6 ) allowed four runs and 10 hits in six innings for the Twins . He walked three and struck out three . The Twins have lost five of their past six games . Correia ( 6 - 6 ) allowed four runs and 10 hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Twins have lost five of their past six games . Correia allowed four runs and 10 hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out three .
PHILADELPHIA -- Cliff Lee did n't have his best stuff . Lee pitched into the seventh inning , Humberto Quintero hit a two - run homer and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Atlanta Braves 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Lee ( 10 - 2 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his 18th save in 21 chances . Dan Uggla hit a three - run homer for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Dan Uggla hit a three - run homer for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Maholm ( 9 - 7 ) allowed five runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked none . Maholm ( 9 - 7 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked none . Maholm ( 9 - 7 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked none . Maholm ( 9 - 7 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked none . Maholm ( 9 - 7 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked none . Maholm ( 9 - 7 ) allowed five runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked none .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Juan Uribe had a big night at the plate , too . Uribe homered and drove in a career - high seven runs , Hyun-Jin Ryu pitched into the seventh inning and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the San Francisco Giants 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Uribe had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh , and drove in a career - high seven runs . He also singled in a run in the third inning and added a two - run homer in the seventh . Uribe had three hits and drove in a career - high seven runs for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Ryu ( 7 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Dodgers have won three of their last four games and have won six of their last seven . Ryu ( 7 - 3 ) gave up two runs and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Dodgers have won four of their last five games and have the best record in the majors at 26 - 29 . Matt Cain ( 5 - 5 ) lasted only 2 1/3 innings , giving up eight runs and six hits . He walked four and struck out one . Cain ( 5 - 5 ) was tagged for eight runs and six hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out one . Cain ( 5 - 5 ) was tagged for eight runs and six hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out one . Cain ( 5 - 5 ) was tagged for eight runs -- six earned -- and six hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out one .
ST. LOUIS -- Jake Westbrook did n't have his best stuff . The right - hander pitched seven innings of three - hit ball , Allen Craig drove in two runs and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Miami Marlins 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Westbrook ( 5 - 3 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out none and did not walk a batter . Edward Mujica pitched the ninth for his major league - leading 22nd save . Jacob Turner ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Turner ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . Logan Morrison homered for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Jacob Turner ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings for the Marlins . He struck out three and walked one . Turner ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . Turner ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Cardinals have lost five of six . Turner ( 2 - 1 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . Turner ( 2 - 1 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . Turner allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings .
CHICAGO -- Francisco Liriano has been one of the few bright spots for the Pittsburgh Pirates . Liriano pitched a four - hitter for his second career complete game and the Pirates beat the Chicago Cubs 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Liriano ( 8 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in his first career complete game . He struck out seven and walked four . He also helped himself with a run - scoring single in the fifth . Liriano ( 8 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out seven and walked four in his second complete game of the season . Jeff Samardzija ( 5 - 8 ) allowed five runs -- five earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out three . Samardzija ( 5 - 8 ) allowed five runs and nine hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out three . Scott Hairston hit a two - run homer for Chicago , which has lost four of five . Scott Hairston hit a two - run homer for Chicago , which has lost four of five . Scott Hairston hit a two - run homer for Chicago , which has lost four of five . Scott Hairston hit a two - run homer for Chicago , which has lost four of five . Scott Hairston hit a two - run homer for Chicago , which has lost four of five . The Cubs have lost five of their last six games . Samardzija ( 5 - 8 ) allowed five runs -- five earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out three .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals have been waiting for Lorenzo Cain to come through in a big way . Hosmer hit a go - ahead , three - run double in the eighth inning , and the Royals rallied for a 10 - 7 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Hosmer hit a go - ahead , two - run homer off Joe Smith in the sixth inning , and George Kottaras and George Kottaras also went deep for the Royals , who have won five of their last six games . Luke Hochevar ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win and Greg Holland worked the ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . The Indians have lost four of five . Michael Brantley had four hits and Carlos Santana drove in two runs for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Luke Hochevar ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . Greg Holland worked the ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . Cleveland starter Ubaldo Jimenez allowed four runs , three earned , and three hits in five - plus innings . He walked five and struck out three . Cleveland starter Ubaldo Jimenez allowed four runs , three earned , and three hits in five - plus innings . He walked five and struck out three . Cleveland starter Ubaldo Jimenez allowed four runs , three earned , and three hits in five - plus innings . He walked five and struck out three . Cleveland starter Ubaldo Jimenez allowed four runs , three earned , and three hits in five - plus innings . He walked five and struck out three .
PITTSBURGH -- Philadelphia Phillies manager Charlie Manuel is n't worried about his team 's offense . Cole Hamels pitched seven strong innings , Ben Revere had three hits and drove in two runs and the Phillies beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Hamels ( 3 - 11 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and five hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and did not walk a batter . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his 17th save in 19 opportunities . Gerrit Cole ( 4 - 1 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings , striking out five and walking one . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games and have lost five of their past six games . Hamels ( 3 - 11 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and five hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked none . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his 17th save in 19 opportunities . Gerrit Cole ( 4 - 1 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings for Pittsburgh . He struck out five and walked one . The Pirates have lost five of their past six games . Pittsburgh has lost five of its past six games . The Pirates have lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost five of their past six games . Pittsburgh has lost five of its past six games . The Pirates have lost five of their past six games . Pittsburgh has lost five of its past six games . The Pirates have lost five of their past six games .
NEW YORK -- Jeremy Hefner and the New York Mets finally broke through in a big way . Hefner pitched seven effective innings , Anthony Recker homered and drove in three runs and the Mets beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Hefner ( 3 - 6 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . Hefner ( 3 - 6 ) gave up four hits and one run in seven - plus innings . He struck out six and walked two . Patrick Corbin ( 9 - 1 ) gave up five runs and six hits in six - plus innings for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Corbin ( 9 - 1 ) gave up five runs and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . Corbin ( 9 - 1 ) gave up five runs and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . Corbin ( 9 - 1 ) gave up five runs and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . Corbin ( 9 - 1 ) gave up five runs and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . Corbin ( 9 - 1 ) gave up five runs and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . Corbin ( 9 - 1 ) gave up five runs and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . Corbin ( 9 - 1 ) gave up five runs and six hits in six - plus innings .
WASHINGTON -- The New York Mets are starting to feel good at the plate . Zack Wheeler pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Eric Young Jr. had three hits and drove in two runs and the Mets routed the Washington Nationals 11 - 3 on Tuesday night . Eric Young Jr. had three hits and drove in two runs , and Eric Young Jr. had three hits and drove in two runs for the Mets . Wheeler ( 7 - 3 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings , striking out three and walking one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in his last four starts . Dan Wheeler ( 7 - 3 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . Dan Wheeler ( 7 - 3 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Mets . He struck out three and walked one . Dan Wheeler ( 7 - 3 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Mets . He struck out three and walked one . The Nationals scored three runs in the second inning , highlighted by Omar Quintanilla 's two - run double and Ike Davis ' sacrifice fly . Ike Davis hit a sacrifice fly in the third , and Ike Davis ' sacrifice fly in the third made it 4 - 0 . Omar Quintanilla 's two - out , two - run single in the third gave the Mets a 2 - 0 lead . The Nationals added three runs in the third , highlighted by Omar Quintanilla 's two - out , two - run single .
PITTSBURGH -- Francisco Liriano has been one of the best pitchers in the National League this season . Liriano pitched eight innings of two - hit ball , Garrett Jones homered and drove in four runs and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the St. Louis Cardinals 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Liriano ( 15 - 6 ) struck out six and walked two while throwing 59 of his 95 pitches for strikes . The right - hander is 6 - 0 in his last seven starts and is 5 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last seven starts . Miller ( 12 - 9 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He struck out three and walked three . Miller ( 12 - 9 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He struck out three and walked three . The Pirates have lost six of their past seven games . Miller ( 12 - 9 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He struck out three and walked three . The Pirates have lost six of their past seven games . The Cardinals have lost six of their past seven games . The Cardinals were shut out for the third time this season and have lost five of their past six games . The Cardinals have lost six of their past seven games . The Cardinals have lost six of their past seven games . The Cardinals were shut out for the third time this season and have lost five of their past six games .
ATLANTA -- Kris Medlen and the rest of the Atlanta Braves have been waiting for the right - hander to get a win . Medlen pitched seven scoreless innings , Brian McCann hit a three - run homer and the Braves beat the Cleveland Indians 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Medlen ( 11 - 12 ) gave up six hits , struck out six and did n't walk a batter in seven innings . The right - hander is 6 - 1 in his last 10 starts . Medlen ( 11 - 12 ) gave up six hits , struck out six and did n't walk a batter in seven innings . The right - hander improved to 6 - 1 in his career against the Indians . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth for his 43rd save . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 9 - 9 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost four of five . Jimenez ( 9 - 9 ) gave up three runs , seven hits and no walks in seven innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost four of five . Jimenez gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out 10 and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Indians have lost six of seven . Jimenez gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts .
NEW YORK -- Cole Hamels and the Philadelphia Phillies did n't need much help . Hamels pitched seven effective innings and drove in two runs , leading the Phillies to a 6 - 2 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Hamels ( 6 - 13 ) gave up two runs and nine hits in seven innings , striking out eight and walking one . He also drove in two runs with an RBI single in the seventh . Hamels ( 6 - 13 ) allowed two runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Mets have lost four of five . Hamels ( 6 - 13 ) gave up two runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked one . He also hit an RBI double in the fourth . Hamels ( 6 - 13 ) gave up two runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Mets scored in the third when Eric Young Jr. led off with a double and scored on Andrew Brown 's single . Hamels ( 6 - 13 ) allowed two runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Eric Young Jr. led off with a double and scored on Andrew Brown 's single . Eric Young Jr. singled with two outs in the third , stole second and advanced to third on a throwing error by catcher Travis d'Arnaud . But Hamels got out of the inning by getting Josh Satin to ground into an inning - ending double play . Eric Young Jr. doubled and scored on Andrew Brown 's two - out double in the seventh .
CLEVELAND -- Indians manager Terry Francona was n't happy with his team 's 3 - 1 loss to the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . The Indians were in danger of falling out of first place in the AL Central , and the Twins lost to the Chicago White Sox 3 - 1 in the opener of a three - game series between the teams with the AL 's second wild - card spot . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a season - high 10 games over .500 ( 73 - 57 ) . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a major league - best 26 - 8 since the All-Star break . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a season - high 10 games over .500 ( 73 - 57 ) . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a major league - best 26 - 8 since the All-Star break . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a major league - best 26 - 8 since the All-Star break . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a major league - best 26 - 8 since the All-Star break . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a major league - best 26 - 8 since July 26 . Minnesota has lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . Minnesota 's Scott Kazmir gave up one run and seven hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 1.80 ERA in four starts since being recalled from Triple-A Columbus on July 29 . Kazmir , who was acquired in a trade with Tampa Bay on July 31 , allowed one run and seven hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Kazmir , who has won his last three starts , gave up one run and seven hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out single by Nick Swisher . The Twins tied it in the fifth on Doug Bernier 's RBI single .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Jordan Zimmermann did n't have his best stuff of the season . The right - hander allowed two runs and eight hits in 7 2/3 innings , Ian Desmond hit a two - run homer and the Washington Nationals beat the Kansas City Royals 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Zimmermann ( 15 - 7 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his six starts this season . Zimmermann ( 15 - 7 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in 7 2/3 innings , striking out seven and walking one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 3.32 ERA in his past four starts . The Nationals have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the majors . Wade Davis ( 6 - 10 ) gave up seven runs on eight hits and three walks in six - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his past five starts . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six .
MIAMI -- Jhoulys Chacin has been a big part of the Colorado Rockies ' rotation . Chacin pitched seven strong innings , Michael Cuddyer drove in two runs and the Rockies beat the Miami Marlins 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Chacin ( 12 - 7 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked four . Rex Brothers pitched a perfect ninth for his 12th save in 15 chances . Ed Lucas homered for the Marlins , who lost for the fourth time in five games . Miami went 0 - for - 4 with runners in scoring position . The Marlins ' Tom Koehler gave up one run and six hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out five . The Rockies took a 2 - 1 lead in the seventh when Jake Marisnick scored on pinch - hitter Greg Dobbs ' sacrifice fly . Chacin ( 12 - 7 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked four . Rex Brothers pitched a perfect ninth for his 12th save in 15 chances . Miami starter Tom Koehler allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out five . Miami starter Tom Koehler allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out five . The Marlins took a 2 - 1 lead in the seventh when Jake Marisnick scored on pinch - hitter Greg Dobbs ' sacrifice fly . Miami starter Tom Koehler allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out five . Koehler gave up one run and six hits in seven innings .
SAN DIEGO -- Ian Kennedy and the San Diego Padres are on a roll . Kennedy pitched seven innings of four - hit ball , Yonder Alonso drove in two runs and the Padres beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Kennedy ( 5 - 9 ) allowed four hits and three walks while striking out eight in seven innings . Huston Street pitched a perfect ninth for his 24th save in 27 chances . Gerrit Cole ( 6 - 6 ) allowed two runs and 10 hits in six innings , struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Cole ( 6 - 6 ) allowed two runs and 10 hits in six innings , struck out five and did n't walk a batter . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Pirates have lost five of six . Cole ( 6 - 6 ) allowed two runs and 10 hits in six innings , struck out five and did not walk a batter . He has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his six starts this season . The Pirates have lost five of six . Cole ( 6 - 6 ) allowed two runs and 10 hits in six innings , struck out five and did not walk a batter . He has allowed two runs or fewer in six of his seven starts this season . Cole struck out five and did n't walk a batter in six innings . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games . Cole ( 6 - 6 ) allowed two runs and 10 hits in six innings , struck out five and walked none .
CINCINNATI -- The Cincinnati Reds ' biggest comeback win of the season came at Great American Ball Park . Shin-Soo Choo had four hits , including a leadoff homer in the first inning , and the Reds rallied for a 10 - 7 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night . Choo had a career - high four hits , including a leadoff homer in the first inning off Brandon McCarthy ( 2 - 8 ) , who gave up seven hits and seven runs in 2 1/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . McCarthy ( 2 - 8 ) lasted just 2 1/3 innings , giving up seven hits and seven runs with one walk and two strikeouts . Adam Eaton hit a two - run homer for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Mike Leake ( 11 - 5 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings . Aroldis Chapman pitched the ninth for his 32nd save in 34 chances . He gave up a two - run single by Jason Kubel and a two - run single by Jason Kubel . Chapman got the last two outs for his 32nd save in 34 chances . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games .
MILWAUKEE -- Kyle Lohse has been pitching well for the Milwaukee Brewers . Lohse pitched six effective innings , Sean Halton drove in three runs and the Brewers beat the St. Louis Cardinals 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Lohse ( 9 - 8 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . Jim Henderson pitched the ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . Lance Lynn ( 13 - 7 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked three . Yadier Molina hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Yadier Molina hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Yadier Molina hit a two - run homer in the fourth for St. Louis , which has lost four of five . Lynn ( 13 - 7 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked three . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Matt Adams ' RBI single . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Matt Adams ' RBI single . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Matt Adams ' RBI single . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Matt Adams ' RBI single . Molina 's two - run homer in the fourth gave the Cardinals a 3 - 0 lead . Molina 's two - run homer in the fourth made it 3 - 0 .
DETROIT -- Justin Morneau had a big night at the plate . Morneau had four hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in four runs to lead the Minnesota Twins to a 6 - 3 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Morneau had four hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth , and Pedro Florimon added a solo shot in the sixth to help the Twins snap a three - game losing streak . Morneau , who had four hits , hit a two - run homer in the fourth off Rick Porcello ( 9 - 7 ) , who gave up five runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . Porcello ( 9 - 7 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . Porcello ( 9 - 7 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . Porcello ( 9 - 7 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Tigers took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth . Chris Herrmann led off with a single , stole second and scored on Morneau 's two - out double to make it 3 - 0 . The Tigers took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth . Chris Herrmann led off with a single , stole second and scored on Morneau 's double to make it 3 - 0 . The Tigers made it 3 - 1 in the fourth on Austin Jackson 's RBI groundout and Jackson 's run - scoring groundout .
MILWAUKEE -- Homer Bailey has been a big part of the Cincinnati Reds ' rotation . Bailey pitched eight innings of three - hit ball , Ryan Hanigan drove in three runs and the Reds beat the Milwaukee Brewers 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Bailey ( 8 - 10 ) allowed one run and three hits in eight innings , striking out eight and walking one . The right - hander is 6 - 1 with a 1.66 ERA in his last eight starts . Bailey ( 8 - 10 ) allowed one run and three hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Wily Peralta ( 8 - 13 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings . He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Brewers have lost five of six . The Brewers have lost five of six . Milwaukee has lost four of five . The Brewers have lost five of six . Milwaukee has lost four of five . The Brewers have lost four of five . Peralta ( 8 - 13 ) gave up eight hits and seven runs in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked four . Peralta ( 8 - 13 ) gave up eight hits and seven runs in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked four . Peralta ( 8 - 13 ) gave up eight hits and seven runs in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked four . Peralta ( 8 - 13 ) gave up eight hits and seven runs in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked four . Peralta walked five and struck out four .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres are n't going to have a winning record . Jedd Gyorko hit a three - run homer , Will Venable had four hits and scored three runs and the Padres beat the New York Mets 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Will Venable had four hits and scored three runs for the Padres , who have won four of five . Edinson Volquez ( 9 - 10 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in five innings , struck out five and walked two . Nick Vincent , Luke Gregerson and Huston Street each pitched a scoreless inning to complete the seven - hitter . Nick Vincent , Luke Gregerson and Huston Street each pitched a scoreless inning to complete the seven - hitter . Nick Vincent , Luke Gregerson and Huston Street each pitched a scoreless inning to complete the seven - hitter . Nick Vincent , Luke Gregerson and Huston Street each pitched a scoreless inning to complete the seven - hitter . Nick Vincent , Luke Gregerson and Huston Street each pitched a scoreless inning to complete the seven - hitter . Nick Vincent , Luke Gregerson and Huston Street each pitched a scoreless inning to complete the seven - hitter . Nick Vincent , Luke Gregerson and Huston Street each pitched a scoreless inning to complete the seven - hitter . Nick Vincent , Luke Gregerson and Huston Street each pitched a scoreless inning to complete the seven - hitter . Nick Vincent , Luke Gregerson and Huston Street each pitched a scoreless inning to complete the seven - hitter . Nick Vincent , Luke Gregerson and Huston Street each pitched a scoreless inning to complete the seven - hitter . Nick Vincent , Luke Gregerson and Huston Street each pitched a scoreless inning to complete the seven - hitter .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Nick Swisher and the rest of the Cleveland Indians ' offense did n't have much of a surprise . Swisher homered and drove in two runs , Ubaldo Jimenez pitched effectively into the sixth inning and the Indians beat the Oakland Athletics 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Nick Swisher and Michael Bourn also homered for the Indians , who have won four of five . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 9 - 7 ) allowed one run and one hit in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked five . Jimenez ( 9 - 7 ) gave up one run and one hit in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked five . The A 's have lost five of their last six games . Dan Straily ( 6 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings for the A 's . He struck out seven and walked four . Swisher hit a solo homer in the first and a two - run single in the ninth . The A 's have lost four of five . Dan Straily ( 6 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked four . The A 's have lost five of their last six games . The A 's have lost five of their last six games . The A 's have lost five of their last six games . Straily allowed three runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out seven . The A 's have lost five of their last six games and are 1 - 6 on a nine - game road trip .
BALTIMORE -- Colorado Rockies manager Walt Weiss was ejected in the ninth inning for arguing balls and strikes , and the Colorado Rockies beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Wilin Rosario hit a tiebreaking , two - run homer in the seventh inning and Charlie Blackmon added a solo shot in the ninth for the Rockies , who have won four of five . Juan Nicasio ( 7 - 6 ) gave up two runs and four hits in six innings for the Rockies , who have won four of five . Nicasio ( 7 - 6 ) gave up two runs and four hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out two . Rex Brothers gave up a solo homer to Nate McLouth in the ninth before striking out J. J. Hardy to end the game . Wei-Yin Chen ( 6 - 6 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore went up 2 - 0 in the third . Brian Roberts drew a one - out walk and scored on a single by Adam Jones . The Orioles went up 2 - 0 in the third when Brian Roberts walked and scored on a single by Adam Jones .
DETROIT -- James Shields and the Kansas City Royals did n't have much to show for it . Shields pitched seven innings of three - hit ball , Eric Hosmer hit a two - run homer and the Royals beat the Detroit Tigers 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Shields ( 8 - 8 ) allowed three hits , walked four and struck out one . Greg Holland pitched the ninth for his 34th save in 38 chances . Jose Alvarez ( 1 - 3 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Tigers . He struck out five and walked three . Greg Holland pitched the ninth for his 34th save in 38 chances . Jose Alvarez ( 1 - 3 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Tigers . He struck out five and walked three . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run homer by Hosmer , his eighth of the year . The Royals made it 3 - 0 in the seventh . Chris Getz led off with a single , moved to third on Chris Getz 's single and scored on Jamey Carroll 's sacrifice fly . Hosmer hit a two - run homer in the third , and Hosmer added a run - scoring single in the seventh . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run homer by Hosmer , his eighth of the year . The Royals made it 3 - 0 in the seventh . Chris Getz led off with a double and scored on Jamey Carroll 's sacrifice fly . Hosmer hit a two - out homer in the third .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Yoenis Cespedes and the rest of the Oakland Athletics are doing their best to keep their slim playoff hopes alive . Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the first inning and the A 's beat the Cleveland Indians 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the first to give the A 's a 2 - 0 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Masterson since July 31 , a span of six starts . Cespedes hit a two - out , two - run homer in the first to give the A 's a 2 - 0 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Masterson since July 31 , a span of six starts . Cespedes hit a two - out , two - run homer in the first to give the A 's a 2 - 0 lead . Eric Sogard added an RBI double in the seventh . Sean Doolittle ( 4 - 4 ) got the win despite allowing a run in the seventh . Grant Balfour pitched the ninth for his 31st save in 34 chances . Justin Masterson ( 13 - 9 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings for the Indians . He struck out four and walked one . The A 's took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Eric Sogard 's RBI double and Eric Sogard 's run - scoring double . Eric Sogard hit an RBI double in the seventh to make it 3 - 2 . Cleveland starter A. J. Griffin allowed an unearned run and four hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out three .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Minnesota Twins manager Ron Gardenhire was n't going to use pinch - runner Doug Bernier for the game - winning hit in the ninth inning . He did n't have a chance to get the game - winning hit . Pinch-runner Doug Bernier scored the winning run on a single by Chris Herrmann with one out in the bottom of the inning to lift the Twins to a 4 - 3 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . The Twins trailed 3 - 2 when Alejandro De Aza led off the ninth with a double off Ramon Troncoso ( 1 - 4 ) and scored on Chris Herrmann 's pinch - hit single . Jared Burton ( 2 - 6 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Andre Rienzo gave up two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in six innings for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Jared Burton ( 2 - 6 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Andre Rienzo gave up two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in six innings for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Mike Pelfrey gave up three runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings for the Twins . He struck out four and walked one . Andre Rienzo gave up two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in six innings for the White Sox . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter . Andre Rienzo allowed two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in six innings for Chicago . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter .
PHOENIX -- Aaron Hill has been the Arizona Diamondbacks ' most consistent starter this season . Hill hit a tiebreaking solo homer in the eighth inning , and the Diamondbacks beat the Baltimore Orioles Orioles Orioles Orioles Orioles Orioles Orioles Orioles Orioles ace 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Hill hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot off Troy Patton in the eighth to give the Diamondbacks a 4 - 2 lead . The Diamondbacks tied it in the ninth against Brad Ziegler ( 6 - 1 ) , who blew a save for the second time this season . Brad Ziegler ( 6 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up a sacrifice fly to Nick Markakis in the top of the ninth . Brad Ziegler ( 6 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up a sacrifice fly to Nick Markakis in the ninth . Brad Ziegler ( 6 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up a sacrifice fly to Nick Markakis in the ninth . Brad Ziegler ( 6 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up a sacrifice fly to Nick Markakis in the ninth . Baltimore starter Wade Miley gave up four runs and seven hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out three . Baltimore starter Wade Miley gave up four runs and seven hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out three . Baltimore starter Wade Miley gave up four runs and seven hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out three . Baltimore starter Wade Miley gave up four runs and seven hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out three . Miley allowed four runs and seven hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out three .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Chris Davis has been a big part of the Baltimore Orioles ' success . Davis hit a go - ahead , two - run double in the 10th inning , and the Orioles beat the San Francisco Giants 5 - 2 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Chris Davis hit a go - ahead , two - run double in the 10th off Javier Lopez ( 1 - 2 ) , and Adam Jones added an RBI single off Javier Lopez ( 1 - 2 ) to give the Orioles a 5 - 2 lead in the 10th . Jim Johnson ( 3 - 7 ) got the win despite giving up a tying single to Brandon Belt in the ninth . Tommy Hunter pitched the 10th for his third save . Brandon Belt hit a solo home run for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Jim Johnson ( 3 - 7 ) got the win despite giving up a run in the ninth . Tommy Hunter pitched the 10th for his third save . Brandon Belt hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Ryan Vogelsong allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked three . Vogelsong allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out four . Vogelsong allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out four . Vogelsong allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out four . Vogelsong allowed two runs and six hits in six innings , struck out four and walked three .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Bruce Chen and the Kansas City Royals are on a roll . Chen pitched into the eighth inning , Justin Maxwell and Billy Butler homered and the Kansas City Royals beat the Boston Red Sox 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Chen ( 5 - 0 ) allowed five hits , struck out two and walked one in 7 1 - 3 innings . The right - hander , who has not won in his last five starts , walked one and struck out two . Luke Hochevar got four outs for his second save in four chances . Jon Lester ( 10 - 7 ) gave up three runs , one earned , and five hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Red Sox were shut out for the third time this season . Jon Lester ( 10 - 7 ) gave up three runs -- one earned -- and five hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Red Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The Red Sox were shut out for the third time this season . Jon Lester ( 10 - 7 ) gave up three runs -- one earned -- and five hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . Lester ( 10 - 7 ) gave up three runs -- one earned -- and five hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Red Sox were shut out for the third time this season . Lester ( 10 - 7 ) gave up three runs -- one earned -- and five hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Red Sox were shut out for the third time this season .
CHICAGO -- Mariano Rivera gave up a two - run triple to Vernon Wells in the 12th inning , and the Chicago White Sox rallied for a 6 - 5 victory over the New York Yankees on Friday night . Alfonso Soriano hit a two - run homer and Robinson Cano added a solo shot for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Dylan Axelrod ( 4 - 8 ) pitched one inning for the win . Mariano Rivera gave up a two - run triple to Eduardo Nunez in the 12th , but got Lyle Overbay to ground into a game - ending double play . Robinson Cano and Eduardo Nunez homered for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Dylan Axelrod ( 4 - 8 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Alfonso Soriano hit a two - run homer for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Hector Santiago allowed four runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings for the White Sox . He struck out five and walked two . Hector Santiago allowed four runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings for the White Sox . He struck out five and walked two . Hector Santiago gave up four runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings for the White Sox . He struck out five and walked two . Hector Santiago allowed four runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Yankees . He struck out five and walked two . Hector Santiago allowed four runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Yankees . He struck out five and walked two . Hector Santiago allowed four runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings for Chicago .
NEW YORK -- Matt Harvey and the rest of the New York Mets have been waiting for a lot of fun . Harvey pitched a four - hitter and Wilmer Flores hit a three - run double in the eighth inning , leading the Mets to a 5 - 0 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Harvey ( 9 - 3 ) struck out six and did not walk a batter for the second time this season . He struck out six and did not walk a batter for the first time in his career . The right - hander struck out six , walked none and threw 78 of 106 pitches for strikes . Harvey ( 9 - 3 ) struck out six and did not walk a batter for the second time this season . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . Harvey ( 9 - 3 ) struck out six and did not walk a batter for the second time this season . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . Jhoulys Chacin ( 10 - 6 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings for the Rockies . He struck out five and walked one . Chacin ( 10 - 6 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Mets have lost five of six . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . Chacin ( 10 - 6 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one .
PITTSBURGH -- The Pittsburgh Pirates have been waiting for pinch - hitter Josh Harrison to come through in a big way . Harrison hit a leadoff homer in the ninth inning to lift the Pirates to a 4 - 3 victory over the Miami Marlins on Tuesday night . Harrison ( 2 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up a leadoff homer to Josh Harrison in the ninth . Bryan Morris ( 5 - 4 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Pittsburgh starter Jeff Locke gave up three runs and nine hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Miami starter Jeff Locke gave up three runs and nine hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Bryan Morris ( 5 - 4 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Pittsburgh starter Jeff Locke gave up three runs and nine hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Miami starter Jeff Locke gave up three runs and nine hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Miami starter Jeff Locke gave up three runs and nine hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Miami starter Jeff Locke gave up three runs and nine hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Miami starter Jeff Locke gave up three runs and nine hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Miami starter Jeff Locke gave up three runs and nine hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Miami starter Jeff Locke gave up three runs and nine hits in 5 2/3 innings .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox needed a strong outing from Chris Sale to beat the New York Yankees . Sale pitched into the eighth inning , Conor Gillaspie hit a tiebreaking RBI double and the White Sox beat the Yankees 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Sale ( 7 - 11 ) allowed five hits , walked four and struck out six in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out six and lowered his ERA to 2.77 . Sale ( 10 - 7 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . Sale ( 7 - 11 ) allowed five hits , walked four and struck out six in 7 1/3 innings . Addison Reed gave up a run in the ninth but earned his 27th save in 29 chances . Hiroki Kuroda ( 10 - 7 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Alfonso Soriano led off with a double and scored on Brett Gardner 's single . Brett Gardner tied it in the fourth with a two - out RBI single . The White Sox tied it in the bottom half on Paul Konerko 's RBI single . The White Sox tied it in the bottom half on Conor Gillaspie 's RBI single . The White Sox tied it in the bottom half on Paul Konerko 's RBI single . The White Sox tied it in the bottom half on Paul Konerko 's RBI single . The White Sox tied it in the bottom half on Paul Konerko 's RBI single . The White Sox tied it in the bottom half on Paul Konerko 's RBI single .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Yoenis Cespedes has been a big part of the Oakland Athletics ' late - season surge . Cespedes hit a two - run homer and Yoenis Cespedes added a two - run shot to help the A 's beat the Texas Rangers 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Jarrod Parker ( 7 - 6 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six - plus innings , struck out six and walked two . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 2.70 ERA in his last four starts . Grant Balfour pitched the ninth for his 29th save in 31 chances . Matt Garza ( 7 - 2 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in eight innings for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Garza ( 7 - 2 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in eight innings . He walked one and struck out five . Garza ( 7 - 2 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in eight innings . He walked one and struck out five . The A 's took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on Jed Lowrie 's RBI single and Eric Sogard 's run - scoring single . The A 's had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Parker struck out Kinsler and Kinsler to end the threat . Kinsler homered leading off the fifth to cut the deficit to 3 - 2 , but the Rangers could n't get anything going offensively against Parker , who allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out six . Sean Doolittle pitched the eighth and Grant Balfour worked the ninth for his 29th save .
CHICAGO -- James Shields and the Kansas City Royals are on a roll . Shields pitched seven innings of four - hit ball , Billy Butler had three hits and two RBIs and the Kansas City Royals beat the Chicago White Sox 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Shields ( 13 - 9 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings , striking out 10 and walking one . He is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Shields ( 13 - 9 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out 10 and walked one . Chris Sale ( 11 - 14 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . Sale ( 11 - 14 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . Sale ( 11 - 14 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . Sale ( 11 - 14 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . Sale ( 11 - 14 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . The White Sox have lost four of five . Sale ( 11 - 14 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . The White Sox have lost four of their last five . Sale ( 11 - 14 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants are starting to look like a team . Tony Abreu drove in four runs , Barry Zito pitched five effective innings and the San Francisco Giants beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Abreu had a three - run triple in a three - run second inning against Ricky Nolasco ( 13 - 11 ) , who gave up six runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Nolasco ( 13 - 11 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Dodgers have lost five of their past six games . The Dodgers have lost four of five . Matt Kemp had three hits and drove in two runs for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Matt Kemp had three hits and A. J. Ellis hit a sacrifice fly for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Matt Kemp had three hits and A. J. Ellis hit a sacrifice fly for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Matt Kemp had three hits and A. J. Ellis hit a sacrifice fly for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Matt Kemp had three hits and A. J. Ellis hit a sacrifice fly for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Matt Kemp had three hits and A. J. Ellis hit a sacrifice fly for the Dodgers , who have lost three of four . Nolasco allowed six runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out seven . The Giants scored an unearned run in the fourth on A. J. Ellis ' sacrifice fly .
MIAMI -- Marlins manager Mike Redmond was happy to see Adeiny Hechavarria hit a two - run triple in the second inning to help the Miami Marlins to a 3 - 2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Hechavarria 's two - run triple off Ethan Martin ( 2 - 5 ) gave the Marlins a 2 - 0 lead in the second inning . Chad Qualls ( 5 - 2 ) got the win by pitching out of a bases - loaded jam in the eighth . Steve Cishek pitched a scoreless ninth for his 33rd save in 36 chances . The Phillies ' Brad Hand allowed two runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . Cole Hamels allowed two runs and five hits in six innings for the Phillies . He struck out six and walked two . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run triple by Hechavarria . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out triple by Hechavarria . The Phillies went ahead 2 - 0 in the second on a two - out triple by Hechavarria . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Justin Ruggiano drew a leadoff walk , stole second and scored on a two - out triple by Hechavarria to put the Marlins ahead 2 - 0 . Hand allowed two runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out three . Hand allowed two runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out three . Hand allowed two runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres finally got a win . Tommy Medica hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the fifth inning , Ian Kennedy pitched seven strong innings and the Padres beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 12 - 2 on Tuesday night . Chase Headley had three hits , including a two - run single in the fifth inning , and Ian Kennedy ( 7 - 10 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings , struck out seven and walked one . Kennedy ( 7 - 10 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings , struck out seven and walked one . He also had an RBI single in the third . Kennedy ( 7 - 10 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings , struck out seven and walked one . Randall Delgado ( 5 - 7 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Arizona 's Randall Delgado ( 5 - 7 ) allowed six runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI double by Rene Rivera . The Padres tied it in the third when Gerardo Parra led off with a single and scored on Delgado 's single . The Padres tied it in the third on Gerardo Parra 's leadoff double and a run - scoring single by Delgado . The Padres tied it in the third on Gerardo Parra 's leadoff double and a run - scoring single by Delgado .
SAN DIEGO -- Arizona Diamondbacks manager Kirk Gibson had no idea what to do . Paul Goldschmidt hit a tiebreaking home run in the sixth inning , Paul Goldschmidt also went deep and the Diamondbacks beat the San Diego Padres 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Paul Goldschmidt and Paul Goldschmidt also homered for the Diamondbacks , who have won four of five . Josh Collmenter ( 5 - 4 ) pitched a perfect 12th for the win . Brad Ziegler pitched a perfect 12th for his 12th save in 14 chances . Luke Gregerson ( 6 - 8 ) took the loss . Josh Collmenter ( 5 - 4 ) pitched a perfect 12th for the win . Brad Ziegler pitched a perfect 12th for his 12th save in 14 chances . Tyson Ross pitched eight innings for the Padres , allowing one run and three hits . He struck out six and walked three . The Padres tied it at 1 in the eighth inning on a passed ball by Didi Gregorius . The Padres tied it in the eighth when pinch - runner Reymond Fuentes scored on a passed ball by Didi Gregorius . The Padres tied it at 1 in the eighth when pinch - runner Reymond Fuentes scored on a passed ball by catcher Miguel Montero . The Padres tied it in the eighth when pinch - hitter Mark Kotsay doubled with two outs and scored on a passed ball by Didi Gregorius . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but pinch - hitter Mark Kotsay grounded into a double play and pinch - hitter Mark Kotsay flied out to end the threat . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but pinch - hitter Mark Kotsay grounded into a double play .
ST. LOUIS -- Michael Wacha did n't need much run support for the St. Louis Cardinals . Wacha threw 8 2/3 innings of one - hit ball and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Washington Nationals 2 - 0 on Wednesday night . Wacha ( 4 - 1 ) struck out a season - high nine and walked two in 8 2/3 innings . Trevor Rosenthal got the final out for his second save in three chances . Gio Gonzalez ( 11 - 8 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings for the Nationals , who have lost three of four . Gonzalez ( 11 - 8 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . Gonzalez ( 11 - 8 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Nationals have lost four of five . Gonzalez ( 11 - 8 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Gonzalez ( 11 - 8 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Gonzalez ( 11 - 8 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career .
CLEVELAND -- Indians manager Terry Francona was n't happy with his team 's 9 - 2 win over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . Carlos Santana homered and drove in two runs , Corey Kluber won his third straight start and the Indians beat the Astros 9 - 2 in the opener of a day - night doubleheader . Carlos Santana hit a solo homer and Mike Aviles had a two - run triple for the Indians , who have won four of five . Kluber ( 10 - 5 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in his last seven starts . Michael Bourn had three hits and drove in two runs for the Indians , who have won six of seven . Erik Bedard ( 4 - 12 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . Michael Bourn had three hits and drove in two runs for the Indians , who have won five of six . Erik Bedard ( 4 - 12 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Astros have lost six of seven . Houston 's Erik Bedard ( 4 - 12 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Astros have lost six of seven . Houston 's Erik Bedard ( 4 - 12 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . He is winless in his last three starts .
BOSTON -- The Toronto Blue Jays have n't had much success against the Boston Red Sox . Mark Buehrle pitched six strong innings and the Blue Jays beat the Red Sox 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Buehrle ( 12 - 9 ) allowed one run and five hits , struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander is 6 - 0 in his last seven starts . Casey Janssen pitched a perfect ninth for his 33rd save . Buehrle ( 12 - 9 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings , striking out five and walking none . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Casey Janssen pitched a perfect ninth for his 33rd save . Buchholz ( 11 - 1 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring double by Adam Lind and an RBI single by Rajai Davis . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth on an RBI single by Adam Lind and an RBI single by Rajai Davis . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth on an RBI single by Adam Lind and an RBI single by Rajai Davis . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth on an RBI single by Adam Lind and an RBI single by Rajai Davis . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth on an RBI single by Adam Lind and an RBI single by Rajai Davis .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Alex Cobb and the Tampa Bay Rays are on quite a roll . Cobb allowed one run over 8 1/3 innings , Desmond Jennings hit a three - run homer and the Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Cobb ( 10 - 3 ) allowed one run and five hits in 8 1/3 innings , striking out a career - high 12 and walking two . The right - hander has a 2.90 ERA in nine starts since the All-Star break . Cobb ( 10 - 3 ) allowed one run and five hits in 8 1/3 innings . The right - hander struck out a career - high 12 and walked two . The Orioles have lost five of six . Miguel Gonzalez ( 10 - 8 ) gave up three runs and two hits in six innings for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Gonzalez ( 10 - 8 ) gave up three runs and two hits in six innings . The right - hander walked five and struck out two . The Orioles have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game road trip . The Orioles have lost four of five . Gonzalez ( 10 - 8 ) gave up three runs and two hits in six innings . The right - hander walked five and struck out two . The Orioles have lost five of six . Gonzalez ( 10 - 8 ) gave up three runs and two hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out two . The Orioles have lost five of six . Gonzalez allowed three runs and two hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out two .
PITTSBURGH -- The Pittsburgh Pirates have been waiting all season for A. J. Burnett and the Pittsburgh Pirates . Burnett struck out a season - high 12 in seven innings , Russell Martin hit a two - run homer and the Pirates beat the Reds 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Burnett ( 9 - 11 ) allowed two runs and four hits with three walks and a season - high 12 strikeouts in seven innings . Jason Grilli pitched a scoreless ninth for his major league - leading 31st save in 34 opportunities . Homer Bailey ( 11 - 11 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and three hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . Bailey ( 11 - 11 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and three hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . Zack Cozart hit a solo homer in the second inning for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Bailey ( 11 - 11 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and three hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Reds have lost five of their past six games . The Reds have lost five of six . The Reds have lost five of six . The Reds have lost five of six . The Reds have lost five of six . The Reds have lost five of six . The Reds have lost five of six . The Reds have lost five of six . The Reds have lost five of six . The Reds have lost five of six and are a season - high 10 games over .500 .
DETROIT -- Max Scherzer has become one of the best pitchers in the American League . Scherzer became the first 20 - game winner in the majors , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Chicago White Sox 12 - 5 on Tuesday night . Scherzer ( 20 - 3 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings , striking out three and walking one . He became the first 20 - game winner in the American League with a 3.00 ERA , the second - best mark in the American League . Victor Martinez and Victor Martinez hit two - run homers for the Tigers , who have won five of their last six games . Scherzer ( 20 - 3 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings , striking out three and walking one . He became the first Tigers pitcher to reach 20 wins this season . Avisail Garcia hit a two - run homer for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Axelrod ( 4 - 10 ) gave up seven runs and 10 hits in 2 2/3 innings . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost six of seven . Detroit has lost four of five . The White Sox have lost six of seven . Detroit has lost four of five . The White Sox have lost six of seven . Detroit has lost four of five . The White Sox have lost six of seven . Detroit has lost four of five . The White Sox have lost six of seven .
NEW YORK -- The San Francisco Giants have been waiting for Madison Bumgarner to find a way to beat the New York Mets . Bumgarner pitched seven solid innings and Jung Ho Lopez hit a tiebreaking RBI single in the fourth inning , leading the Giants to a 2 - 1 victory Wednesday night . Bumgarner ( 13 - 9 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings , striking out 10 and walking three . Javier Lopez got the final two outs for his first career save . Jonathon Niese ( 7 - 8 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Bumgarner ( 13 - 9 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven - plus innings . He struck out 10 and walked three . Javier Lopez got the final two outs for his first career save . Jonathon Niese ( 7 - 8 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings for the Mets . He struck out four and walked two . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on Ehire Adrianza 's RBI single and Ehire Adrianza 's run - scoring single . The Giants made it 2 - 0 in the fourth on Ehire Adrianza 's RBI single and Ehire Adrianza 's run - scoring single . Perez added an RBI single in the fourth . Niese allowed seven hits and two runs in seven innings . He struck out four , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . Ehire Adrianza had an RBI single in the fourth and Perez added an RBI single in the fourth . Niese allowed seven hits and two runs in seven innings .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Elvis Andrus and the rest of the Texas Rangers ' offense did n't help . Andrus homered and drove in three runs , Leonys Martin went 3 - for - 3 with a homer and the Rangers beat the Tampa Bay Rays 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . The AL West-leading Rangers have won six of seven and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Andrus hit a solo homer off Jeremy Hellickson ( 11 - 9 ) in the first inning and added a sacrifice fly in the fifth . Martin had three hits , including a solo homer in the ninth . Alexi Ogando ( 7 - 4 ) gave up one run and two hits in five innings for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Ogando ( 7 - 4 ) gave up one run and two hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.41 ERA in five starts since the All-Star break . Jose Lobaton and Jose Lobaton homered for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Alexi Ogando ( 7 - 4 ) gave up one run and two hits in five innings for the Rangers , who have won four of five . The Rangers have lost five of six . The Rays have lost five of six . The Rays have lost five of six . The Rays have lost five of six . The Rays have lost five of six . The Rays have lost five of six . The Rays have lost five of six . The Rays have lost five of six . The Rays have lost six of seven .
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting for a couple of days to find a way to beat the Atlanta Braves . Chad Tracy 's pinch - hit RBI single in the ninth inning lifted the Nationals to a 6 - 5 victory over the Braves on Tuesday night . The Nationals trailed 5 - 3 before Evan Gattis hit a two - run homer off Tyler Clippard in the eighth . Ian Krol ( 2 - 1 ) struck out the only batter he faced in the ninth to earn the win . Craig Kimbrel ( 3 - 3 ) took the loss , allowing three runs and one hit in one - third of an inning . Ian Krol ( 2 - 1 ) struck out the only batter he faced in the ninth to earn the win . Mike Minor allowed three hits and three runs in six innings . He walked four and struck out three . Braves starter Mike Minor allowed three runs and three hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Braves took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Jayson Werth and a run - scoring single by Adam LaRoche . Minor allowed three hits and three runs in six innings . He walked four and struck out three . Minor allowed three hits and three runs in six innings . He walked four and struck out three . Minor allowed three hits and three runs in six innings . He walked four and struck out three . Minor allowed three hits and three runs in six innings . He walked four and struck out three . Minor allowed three hits and three runs in six innings .
NEW YORK -- Travis d'Arnaud and the New York Mets are going to be in the thick of the National League wild - card race . d'Arnaud singled in the winning run with two outs in the 12th inning , lifting the Mets to a 1 - 0 victory over the Miami Marlins on Tuesday night . d'Arnaud singled with one out in the 12th against Zach Phillips ( 0 - 1 ) , advanced on a sacrifice and scored on d'Arnaud 's single to center . Vic Black ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 12th inning for the win . Gonzalez Germen and LaTroy Hawkins each pitched a scoreless inning , and Vic Black ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 12th for the win . Gonzalez Germen and LaTroy Hawkins each pitched a scoreless inning , and Vic Black ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 12th for the win . Gonzalez Germen pitched a scoreless inning for the Mets , striking out five and allowing one hit . Vic Black ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 12th for the win . Gonzalez Germen pitched out of a bases - loaded jam in the top of the 12th , striking out Chris Coghlan and Chris Coghlan to end the threat . Vic Black ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 12th for the win . Gonzalez Germen pitched out of a bases - loaded jam in the top of the 12th , striking out Chris Coghlan and Chris Coghlan to end the threat . Vic Black ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 12th for the win . Gonzalez Germen pitched out of a bases - loaded jam in the top of the 12th , and Gonzalez Germen pitched the final two innings for the Mets .
WASHINGTON -- Philadelphia Phillies manager Charlie Manuel was happy to see his team win the game . Carlos Ruiz hit a three - run double , Carlos Ruiz had three RBIs and the Phillies beat the Washington Nationals 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Cole Hamels ( 8 - 13 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in six - plus innings . He struck out five and walked three . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his 27th save in 31 chances . Denard Span had three hits and scored twice , and Denard Span had three hits for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Denard Span had three hits and scored two runs for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Denard Span had three hits and scored twice for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Denard Span had three hits and scored twice for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Denard Span had three hits and scored two runs for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Gonzalez ( 10 - 7 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in six - plus innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Jayson Werth and a sacrifice fly by Ian Desmond . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Jayson Werth and a sacrifice fly by Ian Desmond . Span led off the bottom of the first with a double and scored on Jayson Werth 's sacrifice fly . Span led off the seventh with a double and scored on Bryce Harper 's single .
CHICAGO -- The Cleveland Indians had a big night at the plate . Ryan Raburn hit a three - run homer and drove in five runs , Corey Kluber pitched five effective innings and the Indians routed the Chicago White Sox 14 - 3 on Tuesday night . Raburn hit a three - run homer in the first inning and added a two - run single in the fifth to help the Indians snap a three - game losing streak . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost four of five . Danks ( 4 - 13 ) gave up seven runs -- six earned -- and nine hits in four - plus innings . He walked three and struck out one . Danks ( 4 - 13 ) gave up seven runs -- six earned -- and nine hits in four - plus innings . He walked three and struck out one . Danks ( 4 - 13 ) gave up seven runs -- six earned -- and nine hits in four - plus innings . He walked three and struck out one . Danks ( 4 - 13 ) gave up seven runs -- six earned -- and nine hits in four - plus innings . He walked three and struck out one . Danks ( 4 - 13 ) gave up seven runs -- six earned -- and nine hits in four - plus innings . He walked three and struck out one . The White Sox scored four runs in the fifth to take a 14 - 2 lead . Swisher hit a two - out , three - run homer , his 16th of the season , to make it 4 - 0 . Danks ( 4 - 13 ) gave up seven runs -- six earned -- and nine hits in four innings . He walked three and struck out one .
NEW YORK -- Dan Haren and the rest of the Washington Nationals have been waiting for him to get back on track . Haren pitched six innings of one - hit ball and Ryan Zimmerman homered to lead the Nationals to a 3 - 0 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Haren ( 9 - 13 ) struck out eight and walked one in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained muscle in his right side . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.29 ERA in three starts against the Mets this season . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth for his 41st save in 44 chances . Zack Wheeler ( 7 - 5 ) gave up one run and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . Haren ( 9 - 13 ) struck out eight and walked one . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth for his 41st save in 44 chances . Zack Wheeler ( 7 - 5 ) gave up one run and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Mets have lost four of five . Wheeler ( 9 - 13 ) allowed one hit and struck out eight in six innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Rafael Soriano worked the ninth for his 41st save in 44 chances . Wheeler ( 9 - 5 ) gave up one run and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Mets have lost six of their last seven games . The Mets have lost six of their last seven games and have dropped eight of 10 overall .
ST. LOUIS -- Shelby Miller has been a big part of the St. Louis Cardinals ' rotation . Miller pitched 6 2/3 scoreless innings and Matt Holliday hit a two - run homer to lead the Cardinals to a 4 - 2 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Miller ( 13 - 9 ) allowed five hits , struck out four and walked two in 6 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.91 ERA in his last four starts . Miller ( 13 - 9 ) allowed five hits , struck out four and walked two in 6 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.91 ERA in his last four starts . The Cardinals have won six of seven . Wily Peralta ( 9 - 15 ) gave up three runs and two hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Peralta ( 9 - 15 ) gave up three runs and two hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Peralta ( 9 - 15 ) gave up three runs and two hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Peralta ( 9 - 15 ) gave up three runs and two hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Peralta ( 9 - 15 ) gave up three runs and two hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Peralta ( 9 - 15 ) gave up three runs and two hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Peralta ( 9 - 15 ) allowed three runs and two hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked four .
PHILADELPHIA -- Freddy Galvis has been a big reason for the Philadelphia Phillies . Galvis hit a game - ending solo homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the Phillies to a 6 - 5 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . Galvis hit a solo homer in the ninth off Jonathan Papelbon ( 5 - 1 ) to give the Phillies a 6 - 5 lead . Papelbon ( 5 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up a two - run homer to Andrelton Simmons in the top of the ninth . Andrelton Simmons had three hits , including a two - run homer in the top of the ninth off Jonathan Papelbon ( 5 - 1 ) . Papelbon ( 5 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up a two - run homer to Andrelton Simmons in the top of the ninth . Andrelton Simmons had three hits , including a two - run homer in the ninth for the Braves , who have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run single by Freeman . The Phillies cut it to 4 - 3 in the sixth on Freeman 's two - out , two - run single . Kendrick allowed three runs and four hits in six innings .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Toronto Blue Jays have been waiting for R. A. Dickey to find a way to beat the Minnesota Twins . Dickey pitched into the seventh inning , Brett Lawrie drove in two runs and the Blue Jays beat the Twins 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 12 - 12 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Casey Janssen pitched the ninth for his 28th save in 31 chances . Mike Pelfrey ( 5 - 11 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- on six hits and two walks in six innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Pelfrey is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . He has a 9.00 ERA in three starts against the Blue Jays this season . The Twins have lost five of their last six games . The Twins have lost four of five . Mike Pelfrey ( 5 - 11 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and six hits in six innings for the Twins . He struck out seven and walked two . The Twins have lost five of their last six games , and they 've lost five of their last six games . The Twins have lost five of their last six games . They 've lost five of their last six games . Pelfrey ( 5 - 11 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Twins have lost five of their last six games , and they 've lost six of their last seven .
DENVER -- Ricky Nolasco pitched six solid innings to help the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Colorado Rockies 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Nolasco ( 12 - 9 ) allowed two runs and five hits , struck out five and walked one . The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in his last four starts . Nolasco ( 12 - 9 ) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Chris Withrow got the final out for his first major league save . Jhoulys Chacin ( 13 - 8 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in seven innings for the Rockies . He struck out three and walked two . Chacin ( 13 - 8 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Dodgers scored three times in the second to take a 3 - 0 lead . Andre Ethier led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Adrian Gonzalez . Adrian Gonzalez 's sacrifice fly made it 4 - 0 , and Tim Federowicz followed with a sacrifice fly to make it 4 - 0 . Chacin ( 13 - 8 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Rockies scored three times in the second to take a 3 - 0 lead . Ethier led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Adrian Gonzalez . Tim Federowicz followed with a sacrifice fly to make it 4 - 0 . The Rockies had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Tulowitzki grounded into a double play .
CHICAGO -- Jake Arrieta is making a strong case for a spot in the rotation . Arrieta pitched into the seventh inning , Welington Castillo hit a two - run double and the Chicago Cubs beat the Philadelphia Phillies 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Arrieta ( 3 - 3 ) gave up one run and three hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Arrieta ( 3 - 3 ) allowed one run and three hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Arrieta ( 3 - 3 ) allowed one run and three hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Darin Ruf hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . The Phillies have lost four of five . The Phillies have lost four of five . The Phillies have lost four of five . The Phillies have lost four of five . The Phillies have lost four of five . The Phillies have lost four of five . The Phillies have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Kendrick ( 10 - 12 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Ryan Sweeney . The Cubs made it 2 - 0 in the third on a sacrifice fly by Darwin Barney . Bogusevic 's sacrifice fly in the fourth made it 5 - 1 . Bogusevic 's sacrifice fly in the eighth made it 7 - 1 .
ST. LOUIS -- The Boston Red Sox have been waiting for Jon Lester to find a way to beat the St. Louis Cardinals . Lester struck out seven in 7 2/3 innings , David Ortiz had three hits and drove in a run and the Red Sox beat the Cardinals 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Lester ( 2 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked none . Koji Uehara got the final four outs for his second save . Wainwright ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out 10 and walked one . The Cardinals have lost four of five . Wainwright ( 0 - 2 ) gave up eight hits and three runs in seven innings . He struck out 10 and walked one . The Red Sox have lost four of five . Wainwright ( 0 - 2 ) gave up eight hits and three runs in seven innings . He struck out 10 and walked one . The Cardinals have lost four of five . Wainwright ( 0 - 2 ) gave up eight hits and three runs in seven innings . He struck out 10 and walked one . The Red Sox scored in the first on an RBI double by Jacoby Ellsbury and a run - scoring double by David Ortiz in the seventh . The Red Sox had just four hits in the first three innings against Wainwright , who gave up eight hits and three earned runs in seven innings . He struck out 10 and walked one . The Red Sox scored in the first on an RBI double by Jacoby Ellsbury and an RBI double by Jacoby Ellsbury in the seventh .
ST. LOUIS -- Jonny Gomes had a big night at the plate . Gomes hit a three - run homer , Jonny Gomes added a three - run shot and the Boston Red Sox beat the St. Louis Cardinals 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Gomes hit a three - run homer in the sixth off Lance Lynn ( 0 - 1 ) , who allowed three hits and three walks in 5 2/3 innings . Felix Doubront ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run in 2 2/3 innings of relief . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth for his first career save . Felix Doubront ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run in 2 2/3 innings for the win . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth for his first save . Lynn ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and three hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . The Red Sox scored in the third on a single by Matt Carpenter , a double by Matt Carpenter and an error by third baseman Xander Bogaerts . Carlos Beltran 's RBI single in the third gave the Cardinals a 1 - 0 lead , but the Red Sox tied it in the fifth on Stephen Drew 's sacrifice fly . Ortiz led off the fifth with a double and scored on Stephen Drew 's sacrifice fly to tie it at 1 . Ortiz doubled leading off the fifth and scored on Stephen Drew 's sacrifice fly to tie it at 1 . Ortiz doubled leading off the fifth and scored on Stephen Drew 's sacrifice fly to tie it at 1 . Ortiz doubled leading off the fifth and scored on a sacrifice fly by Stephen Drew .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have been waiting for Zack Greinke to get a win . Greinke pitched seven innings of six - hit ball and Adrian Gonzalez homered twice , leading the Dodgers to a 6 - 4 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Greinke ( 1 - 0 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings , struck out four and walked one . He also helped himself with a run - scoring single in the second . The right - hander also helped himself with a run - scoring single in the second inning for his first RBI of the season . Greinke ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings , struck out four and walked one . He also helped himself with an RBI single in the second . The Dodgers tied it 2 - 2 in the third on Matt Adams ' RBI triple and a run - scoring double by Matt Adams . The Cardinals tied it 2 - all in the third on Matt Adams ' RBI triple and a run - scoring double by Matt Adams . The Cardinals tied it in the third on Matt Adams ' RBI triple and a run - scoring double by Matt Adams . The Cardinals tied it in the third on Matt Adams ' RBI triple and a run - scoring double by Matt Adams . The Cardinals tied it in the third on Matt Adams ' RBI triple and a run - scoring double by Matt Adams . The Cardinals tied it in the third on Matt Adams ' RBI triple and a run - scoring double by Matt Adams . The Cardinals tied it in the third on Matt Adams ' RBI triple and a run - scoring double by Matt Adams .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Max Scherzer and the rest of the Detroit Tigers ' offense did n't have much of a surprise . Scherzer struck out 11 in seven innings , Miguel Cabrera drove in the go - ahead run with a first - inning single and the Tigers beat the Oakland Athletics 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Scherzer ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three hits and two runs in seven innings , striking out 11 and walking two . The right - hander is 6 - 0 in his career against the A 's , including 4 - 0 with a 1.55 ERA in six career starts against the A 's . Yoenis Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the seventh to pull the A 's within 3 - 2 , but Scherzer struck out Brandon Moss to end the inning . Scherzer ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three hits and two runs in seven innings . He walked two and struck out 11 . Drew Smyly , Drew Smyly and Joaquin Benoit combined to pitch the final three innings for the Tigers . Benoit struck out the side in the ninth for his first save . Colon ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and 10 hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The A 's have lost five of their last six games . Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the seventh to pull the A 's within 3 - 2 . But Benoit struck out the side in the ninth .
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles got a big hit from Nelson Cruz , who homered in the seventh inning to give the Orioles a 2 - 1 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night . Nelson Cruz and Nelson Cruz homered , and Adam Jones had two hits for the Orioles , who took two of three from the Red Sox . Nelson Cruz homered and Adam Jones had two hits for the Orioles , who took two of three from the Red Sox . Jon Lester ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Lester ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings , striking out eight and walking one . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts , but the right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 13.50 ERA in four starts against the Orioles this season . Lester ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings , striking out eight and walking one . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last seven starts . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning when Cruz led off with a double and scored on a double - play grounder . Baltimore tied it in the fourth when Sizemore led off with his first homer of the season , a drive into the right - field seats . Baltimore tied it in the fourth on a leadoff homer by Grady Sizemore , his first of the year . The Red Sox tied it in the fourth on a leadoff homer by Grady Sizemore , his first of the season .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Zack Greinke and the Los Angeles Dodgers are n't going to let the right - hander get a win . Greinke pitched six strong innings , Juan Uribe hit a two - run double in the seventh inning and the Dodgers beat the Minnesota Twins 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Greinke ( 5 - 0 ) allowed an unearned run and seven hits in six innings , striking out six and walking one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 2.04 ERA in his last five starts . Kenley Jansen got the final out for his 10th save in 13 chances . Kyle Gibson ( 3 - 2 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Gibson ( 3 - 2 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked three . The Twins have lost five of their past six games , and they 've lost five of their past six games . Gibson ( 3 - 2 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked three . The Twins have lost five of their last six games , and they 've lost five of their past six games . Escobar had four hits and Trevor Plouffe drove in two runs for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Gibson ( 3 - 2 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked three . The Twins have lost five of their past six games , and they 've lost six of their past seven .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox did n't need much offense to beat the Tampa Bay Rays . John Lackey pitched eight strong innings , Jackie Bradley Jr. hit a two - run double and the Red Sox beat the Rays 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Lackey ( 4 - 2 ) allowed two runs and six hits in eight innings , striking out five and walking one . Koji Uehara got the final out for his sixth save . Lackey ( 4 - 2 ) allowed two runs and six hits in eight innings , striking out five and walking one . Koji Uehara got the final out in the ninth for his sixth save . Brandon Gomes ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and four hits in one - third of an inning . Rays starter Erik Bedard gave up one run and four hits in five - plus innings , striking out four and walking three . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on a sacrifice fly by Evan Longoria . The Rays tied it at 1 in the sixth . James Loney led off with a single , stole second and scored on Evan Longoria 's sacrifice fly . The Rays tied it at 1 in the sixth when James Loney doubled and scored on Evan Longoria 's sacrifice fly . The Rays tied it at 1 in the sixth . James Loney led off with a single , stole second and scored on Evan Longoria 's sacrifice fly . The Rays tied it at 1 in the sixth when James Loney doubled and scored on Evan Longoria 's sacrifice fly . Boston tied it at 1 in the sixth when James Loney doubled and scored on Evan Longoria 's sacrifice fly .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals finally found a way to beat the Toronto Blue Jays . Salvador Perez hit a go - ahead , two - run double in the eighth inning , and the Royals rallied to beat the Blue Jays 10 - 7 on Tuesday night . Salvador Perez hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning and a two - run double in the eighth inning , helping the Royals to a 10 - 7 victory over the Blue Jays . Aaron Crow ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth to pick up the win . Edwin Encarnacion hit a two - run homer in the ninth for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Aaron Crow ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth to pick up the win . Royals starter Dustin McGowan gave up three runs , two earned , and three hits in six - plus innings . He walked three and struck out two . Dustin McGowan gave up three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in six innings for the Blue Jays . He walked three and struck out two . Jason Vargas allowed 10 hits and five runs in 6 1/3 innings for the Royals . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Royals starter Dustin McGowan allowed three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out two . Jason Vargas allowed 10 hits and five runs in 6 1/3 innings for the Royals . He struck out five and walked none . Vargas allowed 10 hits and five runs in 6 1/3 innings .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox have been waiting for David Price to find a way to beat the Tampa Bay Rays . Jose Abreu homered and drove in four runs , Scott Carroll pitched into the eighth inning and the White Sox beat the Rays 9 - 2 on Tuesday night . Carroll ( 1 - 0 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and six hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Carroll ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and six hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Evan Longoria had an RBI single in the eighth for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Rays starter Scott Carroll ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and six hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Evan Longoria had an RBI single in the eighth for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Rays starter Scott Carroll ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and six hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Evan Longoria had an RBI single in the eighth for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Evan Longoria had an RBI single in the eighth for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Price allowed eight runs and nine hits in six - plus innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The White Sox added a run in the seventh on Alexei Ramirez 's RBI single .
ST. LOUIS -- Pittsburgh Pirates manager Clint Hurdle was happy to see his team get a chance to win a series at Busch Stadium . Tony Sanchez hit a two - run single in the ninth inning , and the Pirates beat the St. Louis Cardinals 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Gaby Sanchez had a two - run double and Jose Tabata had three hits and an RBI for the Pirates , who have won four of five . Stolmy Pimentel ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 2 2/3 innings of relief to earn the win . Tyler Lyons ( 0 - 2 ) allowed four runs and four hits in six innings for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Stolmy Pimentel ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 2 2/3 innings of relief to earn the win . Tyler Lyons ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs and four hits in six innings for St. Louis . He struck out four and walked one . St. Louis starter Tyler Lyons ( 0 - 2 ) allowed four runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . St. Louis starter Tyler Lyons ( 0 - 2 ) allowed four runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . St. Louis starter Tyler Lyons ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs and four hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out four . Lyons is 1 - 4 with a 7.13 ERA in six career starts against the Pirates . St. Louis starter Tyler Lyons ( 0 - 2 ) allowed four runs on four hits and a walk in six innings .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Detroit Tigers did n't need much offense to beat the Minnesota Twins . Nick Castellanos hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , Torii Hunter had three hits and the Tigers beat the Twins 10 - 6 on Tuesday night . Torii Hunter had three hits and drove in two runs , and Torii Hunter had three hits and drove in two runs for the Tigers . Rick Porcello ( 3 - 1 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five - plus innings for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Porcello ( 3 - 1 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . Porcello ( 3 - 1 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . Porcello ( 3 - 1 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Tigers have won five of their last six games . They have won six of their past seven games . The Tigers have won five of their last six games . They have won six of their past seven games . The Tigers have won five of their last six games . They have won seven of their last nine games . The Tigers have won five of their last six games and have the worst record in the American League . The Tigers have lost seven of their last nine games . The Twins have lost four of five . The Twins have lost four of five . The Twins have lost four of five .
DENVER -- Franklin Morales did n't have his best stuff . The right - hander pitched seven strong innings , Troy Tulowitzki hit a tiebreaking home run and the Colorado Rockies beat the San Francisco Giants 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Morales ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked two . LaTroy Hawkins got the final two outs for his sixth save in six chances . Bumgarner ( 2 - 2 ) gave up two runs and nine hits in eight innings . He struck out six and walked one . Bumgarner ( 2 - 2 ) gave up two runs and nine hits in eight innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Troy Tulowitzki led off with his second homer of the season . The Giants tied it in the fifth when Pence led off with his second homer of the season and second in two games . The Giants tied it in the fifth when Pence led off with his second homer of the season and second in two games . The Giants tied it in the fifth when Pence led off with his first homer of the season , a towering shot into the left - field seats . The Giants tied it in the fifth when Pence led off with his first homer of the season , a towering shot into the right - field seats . It was the first home run allowed by Bumgarner this season . The Giants tied it in the fifth when Pence led off with his first homer of the season , a towering shot into the left - field seats . It was the first homer allowed by Bumgarner this season .
CLEVELAND -- Indians manager Terry Francona was n't happy with his team 's 4 - 3 win over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . The Indians ' first - round draft pick in the 2011 amateur draft , Michael Brantley hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning to help the Indians beat the Royals 4 - 3 . Zach McAllister ( 3 - 0 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in six innings for the Indians . John Axford pitched the ninth for his seventh save in as many chances . Jeremy Guthrie ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in 6 1/3 innings for Kansas City . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 7.16 ERA in four starts since being recalled from Triple-A Omaha on April 21 . The Royals have lost four of five . The Royals have lost four of five . The Royals have lost four of five . The Royals have lost four of five . The Royals have lost four of five . The Royals have lost four of five . The Royals have lost four of five . The Royals have lost four of five . The Royals have lost six of eight . The Royals have lost six of eight . The Royals have lost six of eight . The Royals have lost six of eight . The Royals have lost six of eight . The Royals have lost six of eight . Guthrie allowed four runs and 10 hits over 6 1/3 innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . The Royals took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth . Alcides Escobar doubled in a run and scored on Alcides Escobar 's double . Escobar scored on a throwing error by third baseman Chisenhall , who was charged with an error .
MIAMI -- Steve Cishek got the final out in the eighth inning , and the Miami Marlins rallied for a 3 - 2 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . Cishek struck out Willie Bloomquist and Willie Bloomquist to end the game . Cishek struck out Willie Bloomquist and Willie Bloomquist to end the game . Cishek struck out Willie Bloomquist and Willie Bloomquist to end the game . Cishek struck out Willie Bloomquist and Willie Bloomquist to end the game . Cishek struck out Willie Bloomquist and Willie Bloomquist to end the game . Cishek struck out Willie Bloomquist and Willie Bloomquist to end the game . Cishek struck out Willie Bloomquist and Willie Bloomquist to end the game . Cishek struck out Willie Bloomquist and Willie Bloomquist to end the game . Cishek struck out Willie Bloomquist and Willie Bloomquist to end the game . Mike Dunn ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Steve Cishek pitched the ninth for his third save in four chances . The Marlins have won four of their past five games . They 've won seven of their past nine games , and they 're 5 - 1 against the Mariners this season . Miami has lost four of five . The Mariners have lost four of five . Seattle 's Kevin Slowey allowed two runs and three hits in five innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Robinson Cano led off with a double and scored on Dustin Ackley 's sacrifice fly . The Mariners made it 2 - 0 in the fourth when Corey Hart doubled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Dustin Ackley .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Jed Lowrie 's first home run of the season came on a 1 - 2 pitch from Chad Qualls in the ninth inning and gave the Oakland Athletics a 4 - 3 victory over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . Jed Lowrie and Jed Lowrie hit back - to - back home runs in the ninth off Astros closer Chad Qualls ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up three runs in the ninth . Dan Otero ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Chad Qualls ( 0 - 1 ) allowed three runs and four hits in one - third of an inning . Dan Otero ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Oakland starter Scott Kazmir allowed three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in eight innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Jonathan Villar 's first home run of the season . It was the first home run allowed by Houston starter Scott Kazmir , who allowed three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in eight innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Jonathan Villar 's first home run of the season . It was the first home run allowed by Kazmir this season . The Astros took a 3 - 1 lead in the fifth on Matt Dominguez 's RBI single and Matt Dominguez 's RBI single .
NEW YORK -- Aaron Harang did n't need a no - hitter for the first time in his big league career . Harang pitched seven innings of no - hit ball and Freddie Freeman hit a two - run homer , leading the Atlanta Braves to a 6 - 0 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Harang ( 3 - 1 ) struck out five and walked six , improving to 3 - 0 in his career against the Mets . He struck out five , walked six and threw 121 pitches . Harang ( 3 - 1 ) struck out five and walked six , throwing 70 of his 121 pitches for strikes . He struck out five , walked six , hit a batter and threw a season - high 121 pitches . Harang ( 3 - 1 ) struck out five and walked six , improving to 3 - 0 in four career starts against the Mets . He struck out five and walked six in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained muscle in his left side . The right - hander struck out five and walked six , improving to 3 - 0 in four career starts against the Mets . The Mets have won six of their last seven games against the Mets dating to last season . Harang ( 3 - 1 ) struck out five and walked six , throwing 70 of his 121 pitches for strikes . He struck out five , walked six , hit a batter and threw a season - high 121 pitches . Luis Avilan , Luis Avilan and Jordan Walden each pitched a scoreless inning for the Braves . Jonathon Niese ( 0 - 2 ) gave up one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . The Mets have lost four of five . Niese ( 0 - 2 ) gave up one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three .
BALTIMORE -- Miguel Gonzalez did n't allow a hit until the fourth inning , when the Tampa Bay Rays left - hander gave up a leadoff single to Matt Joyce and a walk to Desmond Jennings . Gonzalez worked out of a bases - loaded jam in the bottom half , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Gonzalez ( 1 - 1 ) allowed three hits and three walks in five innings , striking out six . The right - hander struck out six and walked three . Tommy Hunter pitched the final five innings for his fourth save . Jake Odorizzi ( 1 - 2 ) gave up three runs and five hits in five innings for the Rays , who have lost three of four . Tommy Hunter pitched the final five innings for his fourth save . Jake Odorizzi ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs and five hits in five innings for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Tampa Bay went up 3 - 0 in the fourth . Nelson Cruz drew a one - out walk , Nelson Cruz walked and Matt Wieters hit a run - scoring groundout . Matt Wieters followed with a sacrifice fly to make it 3 - 0 . Baltimore went up 3 - 0 in the fifth . Ryan Flaherty drew a two - out walk and scored on a single by J. J. Hardy . Baltimore went up 3 - 0 in the fifth . Nelson Cruz walked , stole second and scored on a two - out single by J. J. Hardy . Odorizzi gave up three runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked three .
HOUSTON -- Kansas City manager Ned Yost was impressed with the way the Royals ' bullpen could n't hold . Mike Moustakas hit a go - ahead homer in the 11th inning , and the Royals beat the Houston Astros 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Salvador Perez hit a tying , two - run single off Jerome Williams ( 0 - 1 ) with two outs in the seventh inning to give the Royals a 4 - 2 lead . Danny Valencia led off the 11th with a home run off Jerome Williams ( 0 - 1 ) . Salvador Perez tied the game with a two - out , two - run single off Brad Peacock in the seventh . Danny Valencia added a solo homer in the second inning for the Royals , who have won four of five . Jason Castro hit a two - run homer for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Houston starter Jeremy Guthrie allowed four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . Dallas Keuchel yielded six hits and two runs in six innings for the Astros . Houston starter Dallas Keuchel allowed six hits and two runs in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Houston starter Dallas Keuchel allowed six hits and two runs in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Houston starter Jeremy Guthrie allowed six hits and four runs in six innings . He struck out four . Houston starter Jeremy Guthrie allowed six hits and four runs in six innings . He struck out four . Houston starter Jeremy Guthrie allowed six hits and four runs with four strikeouts in six innings .
MILWAUKEE -- The St. Louis Cardinals ' offense has been a problem for the St. Louis Cardinals . Shelby Miller pitched six strong innings and Jhonny Peralta hit a two - run homer , leading the Cardinals to a 6 - 1 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Jhonny Peralta added a two - run homer in the ninth for the Cardinals , who have won three of four . Miller ( 1 - 2 ) gave up one run and three hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . The Cardinals have won six of their last seven games against the Brewers , who have the best record in the majors at 26 - 25 . Miller ( 1 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Pat Neshek pitched a perfect seventh and Kevin Siegrist worked a perfect ninth . Marco Estrada ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings for the Brewers . He struck out three and walked one . Estrada ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . Estrada ( 1 - 1 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . Estrada ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . Estrada ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . Estrada ( 1 - 1 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Oakland Athletics had a chance to take the lead in the 11th inning , but it was n't enough for the Oakland Athletics . Jed Lowrie hit a go - ahead double in the 11th inning , and the A 's beat the Los Angeles Angels 10 - 9 on Tuesday night . Jed Lowrie had three hits , including a go - ahead RBI double in the 11th . Jim Johnson ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Sean Doolittle gave up a two - run homer in the ninth to Kole Calhoun , who had three hits , including a two - run homer in the ninth . Jim Johnson ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Sean Doolittle gave up a two - run homer in the ninth to Kole Calhoun , who had three hits , including a two - run homer in the ninth off Sean Doolittle . Kole Calhoun tied it at 9 with a two - run homer in the ninth off Sean Doolittle , who gave up a two - run homer to Kole Calhoun in the ninth . Kole Calhoun tied it with a two - run homer in the ninth off Sean Doolittle , who gave up a tying two - run homer to Chris Iannetta in the ninth inning of the Angels ' 5 - 4 loss to the A 's on Tuesday night . Doolittle was charged with four runs and three hits , including a two - run homer by Kole Calhoun , his first of the season . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on David Freese 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by David Freese . Trout drove in two runs with a double in the fourth and a two - run homer in the fourth .
MILWAUKEE -- Jon Jay 's three - run homer capped a four - run sixth inning that sent the St. Louis Cardinals to a 4 - 0 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Friday night . Lance Lynn struck out a career - high 11 in seven innings , Jon Jay hit a three - run homer and Jhonny Peralta hit a solo shot for the Cardinals , who have won three of four . Matt Garza ( 0 - 2 ) allowed four runs and nine hits in seven innings for the Brewers , who have lost three of four . Garza ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Brewers have lost four of five . Garza ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Garza ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Peralta led off with a double and scored on Jay 's two - out single . Peralta led off the second with his first homer of the season , a drive into the right - field seats . Garza gave up nine hits and four runs in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Peralta led off with a double and scored on Jay 's two - out single . Peralta led off the second with his first homer of the season , a drive into the right - field seats . Garza gave up nine hits and four runs in seven innings .
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting for a long time to get back to the top of the AL East . Wei-Yin Chen pitched into the seventh inning , Matt Wieters had three hits and the Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Matt Wieters had three hits and an RBI for the Orioles , who have won three of four . Chris Archer ( 1 - 1 ) gave up seven runs and 12 hits in five innings for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Tampa Bay went up 1 - 0 in the first inning when Wieters singled , stole second and scored on a two - out single by Chris Davis . Baltimore went up 4 - 0 in the second on a two - out RBI double by Chris Davis and a run - scoring double by Chris Davis . Baltimore went up 4 - 0 in the second inning when Wieters singled , stole second and scored on a single by Chris Davis . Baltimore made it 6 - 0 in the third . Wieters singled , stole second and scored on a single by Chris Davis . The Orioles made it 6 - 0 in the third . Wieters singled , stole second and scored on a single by Chris Davis . Baltimore made it 6 - 0 in the third . Cruz hit an RBI double and scored on a single by Chris Davis . In the bottom half , Wieters doubled and scored on a single by Chris Davis . Baltimore made it 6 - 0 in the third . Cruz hit an RBI double and scored on a single by Chris Davis . Baltimore made it 6 - 0 in the third . Cruz hit an RBI double and scored on a single by Chris Davis .
MILWAUKEE -- Kyle Lohse did n't need much run support for the Milwaukee Brewers . Lohse allowed one run and four hits in 8 2/3 innings , and the Brewers beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 4 - 1 on Wednesday night . Lohse ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and four hits in 8 2/3 innings . He struck out nine and walked none . Will Smith got the final out for his first major league save . Charlie Morton ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and six hits in seven innings for the Pirates . He struck out three and walked three . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Carlos Gomez . The Pirates tied it in the fourth on Andrew McCutchen 's sacrifice fly , but the Pirates tied it in the fourth on Andrew McCutchen 's sacrifice fly . Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Aramis Ramirez 's run - scoring single and Aramis Ramirez 's run - scoring single . Morton allowed four runs -- two earned -- and six hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked three . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Carlos Gomez . Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Aramis Ramirez 's RBI single . The Pirates tied it in the fourth on Andrew McCutchen 's sacrifice fly , but the Pirates tied it in the fourth on Andrew McCutchen 's sacrifice fly . Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Aramis Ramirez 's run - scoring single .
ATLANTA -- Andrelton Simmons had a big night for the Atlanta Braves . Simmons hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs , Aaron Harang pitched six strong innings and the Braves beat the Washington Nationals 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Freeman hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Gio Gonzalez ( 2 - 1 ) , who gave up six runs and nine hits in six innings . Freeman hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Gio Gonzalez ( 2 - 1 ) , who gave up six runs and nine hits in six innings . Gonzalez ( 2 - 1 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six , walked four and hit a batter . Gonzalez ( 2 - 1 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six , walked four and hit a batter . Gonzalez ( 2 - 1 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six , walked four and hit a batter . Gonzalez ( 2 - 1 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six , walked four and hit a batter . Gonzalez ( 2 - 1 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six , walked four and hit a batter with a pitch . Freeman hit a two - run homer in the first off Gonzalez ( 2 - 1 ) , who gave up six runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked four . Freeman hit a three - run homer in the first off Gonzalez , who allowed six runs and nine hits in six innings .
BALTIMORE -- Dustin McGowan 's first major league win came in a big way . McGowan allowed five hits over 6 1/3 innings to earn his first major league victory , and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Baltimore Orioles 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . McGowan ( 1 - 1 ) allowed five hits , walked one and struck out two . Sergio Santos pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save . Chris Tillman ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs , none earned , and three hits in eight innings . He struck out six , walked one and hit two batters . Tillman ( 1 - 1 ) gave up two unearned runs and three hits in eight innings . He struck out six , walked one and hit two batters . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth . Edwin Encarnacion led off with a double and scored on a single by Dioner Navarro . Navarro followed with a run - scoring fielder 's choice . Tillman gave up two runs , none earned , and three hits in eight innings . He struck out six , walked one and hit a batter . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth . Edwin Encarnacion led off with a double and scored on a throwing error by third baseman Jonathan Schoop . Edwin Encarnacion followed with a double and scored on a fielder 's choice grounder by Dioner Navarro . Tillman gave up two unearned runs and three hits in eight innings . He struck out six , walked one and hit a batter with a pitch . Tillman gave up two runs , none earned , and three hits in eight innings .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Paul Goldschmidt has been the Arizona Diamondbacks ' best pitcher so far this season . Goldschmidt hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs , Bronson Arroyo pitched five effective innings and the Diamondbacks beat the San Francisco Giants 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Goldschmidt hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the fourth to give the Diamondbacks a 7 - 2 lead . Lincecum ( 0 - 1 ) was tagged for seven runs and seven hits in four - plus innings . He struck out five and walked one . Arroyo ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked one . Josh Collmenter pitched the final four innings for his first major league save . Collmenter allowed three hits , one walk and struck out four in four innings for his first major league save . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . Lincecum ( 0 - 1 ) was tagged for seven runs and seven hits in four - plus innings . He struck out five and walked one . Buster Posey hit his first home run of the season for the Giants . Angel Pagan had three hits for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Angel Pagan had three hits for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Angel Pagan had three hits for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Angel Pagan had three hits for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Angel Pagan had three hits for the Giants , who have lost four of five .
LOS ANGELES -- Nick Castellanos and Victor Martinez were a combined 0 - for - 8 with a homer and two RBIs , and the Detroit Tigers got their first win of the season . Castellanos hit a go - ahead , three - run homer off Kenley Jansen in the 10th inning , and the Tigers beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 7 - 6 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Victor Martinez hit a solo homer in the 10th inning and Victor Martinez added a solo shot in the 10th for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Joe Nathan ( 2 - 0 ) gave up three runs in the ninth , including Adrian Gonzalez 's leadoff homer in the ninth . Al Alburquerque got the final out for his first major league save . Detroit starter Anibal Sanchez gave up three runs -- one earned -- and six hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked one . Al Alburquerque got the final out for his first major league save . Detroit starter Anibal Sanchez gave up three runs -- one earned -- and six hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked one . Al Alburquerque got the final out for his first major league save . Detroit starter Anibal Sanchez gave up three runs -- one earned -- and six hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked one . Al Alburquerque got the final out for his first major league save . Detroit starter Anibal Sanchez gave up three runs -- one earned -- and six hits in five innings , struck out six and walked one . The right - hander was 0 - 2 with a 13.50 ERA in four previous appearances against the Dodgers , including a no - hitter in his first start of the season . The Dodgers took a 2 - 1 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Dee Gordon and a run - scoring single by Dee Gordon . The Dodgers took a 3 - 2 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Dee Gordon and a run - scoring single by Dee Gordon . The Tigers took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first on RBI singles by Andre Ethier and Dee Gordon .
CLEVELAND -- David Murphy 's first home run came in the fourth inning . Murphy hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs to lead the Cleveland Indians to an 8 - 6 win over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night . Murphy hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning off Tyson Ross ( 0 - 2 ) , who was making his first start of the season . Ross ( 0 - 2 ) gave up seven runs -- two earned -- in 5 1/3 innings . The right - hander was charged with seven runs -- two earned -- and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . Yasmani Grandal had a career - high four hits and Jedd Gyorko had a two - run double for the Padres . Yasmani Grandal had four hits , including a two - out RBI single in the ninth for San Diego , which has lost three straight . Jedd Gyorko had a two - run double in the fourth for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Jedd Gyorko had a two - run double in the fourth for the Padres , who have lost three of four . Yasmani Grandal had a career - high four hits and Yasmani Grandal had four hits for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Jedd Gyorko had a two - run double in the fourth and Yasmani Grandal had a career - high four hits for the Padres , who have lost three straight and six of seven . San Diego 's Jedd Gyorko had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth . Gyorko had an RBI single in the sixth .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Elvis Andrus and the rest of the Texas Rangers ' starting lineup had a big hit . Andrus hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning , Yu Darvish pitched seven scoreless innings and the Rangers beat the Tampa Bay Rays 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Darvish ( 1 - 0 ) allowed seven hits , struck out six and walked one . Joakim Soria pitched a perfect ninth for his first save . Darvish ( 1 - 0 ) allowed seven hits , struck out six and walked one . Joakim Soria pitched a scoreless ninth for his first save of the season . Alex Cobb pitched seven scoreless innings for Tampa Bay , allowing three hits and striking out six . Tampa Bay starter Alex Cobb allowed three hits and one walk while striking out six in seven innings . The right - hander was coming off a pair of no - decisions in a loss to Tampa Bay in which he gave up seven runs and 10 hits in 3 1/3 innings of a loss to the New York Yankees . Cobb retired the first eight batters before Shin-Soo Choo singled with one out in the third . Cobb retired the next two batters before Andrus drove a 3 - 2 pitch over the wall in right - center for his first homer of the season . The Rangers loaded the bases with one out in the sixth , but Darvish struck out Matt Joyce and Matt Joyce to end the threat . The Rays had runners on first and second with one out in the second , but Darvish struck out Matt Joyce and Matt Joyce to end the threat . The Rays loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth , but Darvish struck out Matt Joyce and Matt Joyce .
WASHINGTON -- Atlanta Braves manager Fredi Gonzalez was n't worried about his team 's offense , but it was n't enough to prevent the Nationals from being swept in a three - game series by the Mets . The Nationals were in the thick of the National League wild - card race , but they did n't get much going against Washington starter Jordan Zimmermann . Chris Johnson 's sacrifice fly in the eighth inning drove in Jason Heyward , and the Braves beat the Nationals 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Luis Avilan ( 1 - 0 ) got one out for the win , and Craig Kimbrel got three outs for his third save in three chances . Evan Gattis led off the fifth inning with his first homer of the season , and Evan Gattis also went deep for the Braves . Luis Avilan ( 1 - 0 ) got one out for the win . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth for his third save in three chances . The Nationals have lost five of six . Luis Avilan ( 1 - 0 ) got one out for the win . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth for his third save in three chances . The Nationals have lost five of six . The Nationals have lost five of six . The Nationals have lost five of six . The Nationals have lost five of six . The Nationals have lost five of six . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost five of six . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost five of six . Washington has lost six of seven . Washington 's Bryce Harper went 1 for 4 with a double and a walk .
DENVER -- Charlie Blackmon had a big night at the plate . Blackmon hit a two - run homer and drove in five runs , Juan Nicasio pitched seven strong innings and the Colorado Rockies beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 12 - 2 on Tuesday night . Blackmon had a two - run triple in the third inning and a two - run homer in the sixth to help the Rockies snap a three - game losing streak . It was the third time this season the Rockies have hit back - to - back home runs . Blackmon had a two - run triple in the third and a two - run homer in the sixth to make it 8 - 1 . It was the third time this season the Rockies have hit back - to - back home runs . Blackmon was the only player in the majors to hit for the cycle on Opening Day , according to information provided by the Rockies from the Elias Sports Bureau . Blackmon became the first player in major league history to hit for the cycle in a game , according to information provided by the Rockies from the Elias Sports Bureau . Blackmon became the first player in major league history to hit for the cycle in a game , according to information provided by the Rockies from the Elias Sports Bureau . Blackmon became the first player in major league history to hit for the cycle in a game , according to information provided by the Rockies from the Elias Sports Bureau . Blackmon became the first player in major league history to hit for the cycle in a game , according to information provided by the Rockies from the Elias Sports Bureau . It was the most hits by a Rockies player this season , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Blackmon became the first player in major league history to hit for the cycle in a game , according to information provided by the Rockies from the Elias Sports Bureau . It was the most hits by a Rockies player this season , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Blackmon became the first player in major league history to hit for the cycle in a game , according to information provided by the Rockies from the Elias Sports Bureau . It was the most hits by a Rockies player this season , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Blackmon had a two - run triple in the third and a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 6 - 0 . It was his first home run of the season , a two - run shot off Randall Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up six runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings . The Diamondbacks had a season - high 17 hits , including a pair of two - run triples by Charlie Culberson and Charlie Culberson . The Rockies had a season - high 17 hits , including a pair of two - run triples by Troy Tulowitzki and Troy Tulowitzki . The Rockies had a season - high 17 hits , including a season - high four doubles . The Diamondbacks had at least one hit in each of the first five innings against Randall Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up six runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Troy Tulowitzki . The Rockies made it 4 - 0 in the third when Cuddyer singled , stole second and scored on a single by Troy Tulowitzki . Gonzalez hit a two - run homer off Joe Thatcher in the sixth .
PITTSBURGH -- Mike Olt is making his first start of the season . Olt hit his first homer of the season in the second inning and the Chicago Cubs beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Olt 's homer was his first of the season and the first of his career . It was his first home run of the season and the first of his career . Olt , the Cubs ' minor league player of the year last season , hit his first homer of the season in the second inning off Wandy Rodriguez ( 0 - 1 ) , who allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Rodriguez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Rodriguez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Rodriguez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Pirates have lost four of five . Rodriguez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Pirates have lost six of seven . Rodriguez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Pirates have lost six of seven . Rodriguez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one .
HOUSTON -- Scott Feldman has been the Houston Astros ' ace . Feldman pitched two - hit ball into the seventh inning , Jesus Guzman hit a two - run homer and the Astros beat the New York Yankees 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Feldman ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two hits in 6 2/3 innings , striking out three and walking two . Feldman ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two hits , walked two and struck out three in 6 2/3 innings . He was replaced by Chad Qualls , who gave up an RBI single to Brian McCann in the eighth . Matt Albers , Matt Albers and Matt Albers each pitched a scoreless inning to complete the two - hitter . Sabathia ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Yankees have lost four of five . Sabathia ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Yankees have lost four of five . Sabathia ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . He was replaced by Vidal Nuno , who struck out the side in the eighth . Sabathia gave up six runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Yankees have lost four of five . The Yankees were shut out for the first time this season . The Yankees were shut out for the first time this season . The Yankees were shut out for the first time this season .
PHILADELPHIA -- Ryan Howard 's first game - ending homer of the season gave the Philadelphia Phillies a much - needed win . Howard hit a three - run homer with two outs in the ninth inning , lifting the Phillies to a 6 - 3 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Howard hit a three - run homer off Boone Logan in the ninth to give the Phillies a 6 - 3 lead . Jonathan Papelbon ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Ryan Howard hit a three - run homer off Boone Logan in the ninth . Jonathan Papelbon ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Justin Morneau homered and Wilin Rosario had a run - scoring double for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Jonathan Papelbon ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Colorado starter Roberto Hernandez gave up two runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked five and struck out four . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on Wilin Rosario 's RBI double and Wilin Rosario 's run - scoring double . The Rockies tied it in the third on a two - out RBI single by Marlon Byrd . The Rockies tied it in the bottom of the inning on a two - out RBI single by Marlon Byrd . The Rockies tied it in the bottom of the inning on a two - out RBI single by Marlon Byrd . The Rockies tied it in the bottom of the inning on a two - out RBI single by Marlon Byrd . Lyles gave up two runs and five hits in five innings .
MILWAUKEE -- The Milwaukee Brewers are starting to feel good at home . Khris Davis hit a three - run homer in the eighth inning , Yovani Gallardo pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Brewers beat the Baltimore Orioles 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Gallardo ( 3 - 3 ) allowed three runs and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked five and struck out five . Gallardo ( 3 - 3 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked five and struck out five . Gallardo ( 3 - 3 ) allowed three runs and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked five and struck out five . Gallardo ( 3 - 3 ) allowed three runs and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked five and struck out five . Milwaukee starter Bud Norris ( 3 - 5 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out one . Baltimore starter Bud Norris ( 3 - 5 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out one . Baltimore starter Bud Norris ( 3 - 5 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out one . Baltimore starter Bud Norris ( 3 - 5 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out one . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Scooter Gennett 's sacrifice fly . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Scooter Gennett 's sacrifice fly . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Scooter Gennett 's sacrifice fly .
ATLANTA -- The Boston Red Sox have been waiting for Jon Lester to find a way to beat the Atlanta Braves . Lester pitched six strong innings , Jackie Bradley Jr. had a two - run single and the Red Sox beat the Braves 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Lester ( 5 - 6 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth for his 11th save . Lester ( 5 - 6 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth for his 11th save . Atlanta starter Aaron Harang gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the third . Freddie Freeman led off with a double and scored on Chris Johnson 's sacrifice fly . Heyward 's homer in the first gave the Braves a 2 - 1 lead . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the inning . Freddie Freeman led off with a single , moved to third on Justin Upton 's single and scored on Chris Johnson 's sacrifice fly . Heyward 's homer in the bottom of the first gave the Braves a 2 - 1 lead . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the inning on a sacrifice fly by Chris Johnson . Heyward led off the bottom of the first with his seventh homer , a drive to left - center . Harang allowed two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one .
NEW YORK -- The New York Mets finally found a way to beat the Pittsburgh Pirates . Juan Lagares hit a tiebreaking RBI double in the sixth inning , and the Mets rallied for a 4 - 2 victory Wednesday night . Juan Lagares had a pair of RBI singles for the Mets , who won for the sixth time in seven games . Vic Black ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for his first major league win . Jenrry Mejia pitched the ninth for his fourth save in five chances . He walked Josh Harrison to load the bases with one out , but Mejia got Josh Harrison to ground into a double play to end the game . Vic Black ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win , and Jenrry Mejia pitched the ninth for his fourth save in five chances . New York took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on Daniel Murphy 's RBI single and a run - scoring double by Daniel Murphy . New York tied it in the sixth on Starling Marte 's two - run single and Starling Marte 's two - run single off Vic Black ( 1 - 0 ) . New York took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on RBI singles by Daniel Murphy and Bobby Abreu . The Pirates tied it in the sixth on Starling Marte 's two - run single and Starling Marte 's two - out , two - run single that tied it 2 - all . Volquez allowed two runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked five . Volquez allowed two runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked five .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Tim Hudson has been a big part of the San Francisco Giants ' rotation . Hudson pitched seven innings of six - hit ball , Buster Posey drove in two runs and the Giants beat the Chicago Cubs 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Hudson ( 5 - 2 ) allowed six hits , struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Giants have won four of their last five games and have won four of their last five . Jake Arrieta ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Arrieta ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Arrieta ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out six . Arrieta ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out six . Arrieta ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out six . Arrieta ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out six . Arrieta ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out six . The Cubs have lost six of their past seven games . Arrieta ( 1 - 1 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out six .
LOS ANGELES -- Zack Greinke and the Los Angeles Dodgers ' bullpen did a lot better . Greinke struck out a season - high 11 in 7 2/3 innings , Andre Ethier hit a two - run homer and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Cincinnati Reds 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Greinke ( 8 - 1 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in 7 2/3 innings , struck out 11 and walked none . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 2.28 ERA in his last seven starts . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 18 chances . Alfredo Simon ( 6 - 3 ) gave up five runs and five hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out two . Devin Mesoraco hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Reds . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save . Devin Mesoraco hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Reds . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 18 chances . Devin Mesoraco hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Reds . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 18 chances . The Dodgers ' first three batters reached base in the fourth , but Greinke got out of the jam by striking out Todd Frazier and getting Zack Cozart to ground into an inning - ending double play . Mesoraco hit a two - run homer in the eighth to make it 6 - 3 . The Reds added a run in the seventh on a run - scoring single by Chone Figgins , who was robbed of a hit by third baseman Dee Gordon .
SEATTLE -- Chris Young has been one of the few bright spots in the Seattle Mariners ' rotation . Young pitched into the seventh inning and Robinson Cano had three hits and two RBIs , leading the Mariners to a 5 - 1 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Young ( 4 - 2 ) allowed one run and two hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . Tyler Skaggs ( 4 - 2 ) gave up five runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in seven innings for the Angels . He struck out eight and walked two . Albert Pujols hit his < unk > career home run and Albert Pujols also went deep for the Angels . Tyler Skaggs ( 4 - 2 ) gave up five runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Skaggs ( 4 - 2 ) gave up five runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Skaggs ( 4 - 2 ) gave up five runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Skaggs ( 4 - 2 ) gave up five runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Skaggs ( 4 - 2 ) gave up five runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Skaggs ( 4 - 2 ) allowed five runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in seven innings .
PITTSBURGH -- Stephen Strasburg did n't get much help from his defense . The Pittsburgh Pirates left - hander gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking two to beat the Washington Nationals 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Strasburg ( 3 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking two . He has allowed three runs or fewer in six of his seven starts this season . Strasburg ( 3 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Strasburg ( 3 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Nationals have lost four of five . Strasburg ( 3 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Nationals have lost four of five . The Nationals have lost four of five . Strasburg ( 3 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked three . The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth when Anthony Rendon doubled and scored on Wilson Ramos ' two - out single . Desmond homered in the fourth to give the Nationals a 1 - 0 lead . Cole allowed five hits and three walks in six innings . He struck out seven . Cole gave up five hits and three walks while striking out seven in six innings . Cole allowed five hits , walked three and struck out seven . Cole allowed five hits , walked three and struck out seven .
TORONTO -- R. A. Dickey 's knuckleball was n't so good . Dickey pitched into the ninth inning , Melky Cabrera drove in two runs and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Oakland Athletics 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 5 - 4 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 8 1/3 innings , struck out four and walked one . The right - hander , who walked one and struck out four , walked one and struck out four . Jesse Chavez ( 4 - 2 ) allowed four runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out four . Chavez ( 4 - 2 ) allowed four runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out four . Brett Cecil got the final two outs for his third save in four chances . Jesse Chavez ( 4 - 2 ) allowed four runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out four . The A 's lost for the fourth time in five games . The A 's lost for just the second time in 10 games . Oakland has lost five of six . The A 's have lost five of six . Oakland 's Yoenis Cespedes hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot to left in the second , but the Blue Jays tied it in the third when Anthony Gose doubled and scored on Cabrera 's fielder 's choice grounder . Toronto made it 4 - 1 in the fifth when Reyes singled , stole second and scored on a groundout by Cabrera .
MIAMI -- Mark Reynolds ' first home run of the season gave Milwaukee a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth inning . Reynolds hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning , and the Brewers beat the Miami Marlins 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Reynolds hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a two - run shot in the fifth to help the Brewers snap a three - game losing streak . It was Reynolds ' first multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . He also hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning of a 4 - 3 win over the Marlins on Tuesday night . Reynolds ' second homer of the game , a two - run shot , made it 7 - 1 in the fifth . He also hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning to give the Brewers a 3 - 1 lead . Reynolds hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Brewers a 7 - 1 lead . It was Reynolds ' second career multihomer game and first this season . He also had a sacrifice fly in the first and a two - run homer in the fifth . Garrett Jones hit two home runs for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Garrett Jones hit two home runs for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Garrett Jones hit two home runs for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Garrett Jones hit two home runs for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Miami 's Tom Koehler ( 4 - 4 ) allowed seven runs and nine hits in five - plus innings . He has allowed at least three runs in each of his past three starts .
PITTSBURGH -- Edinson Volquez did n't need much run support for the Pittsburgh Pirates . Volquez pitched six innings of three - hit ball , Andrew McCutchen drove in two runs and the Pirates beat the Washington Nationals 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Volquez ( 2 - 4 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings , walking two and striking out four . Mark Melancon pitched the ninth for his eighth save in eight opportunities . Blake Treinen ( 0 - 2 ) gave up two runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Nationals . He walked five and struck out four . Treinen ( 0 - 2 ) was charged with two runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked five and struck out four . Treinen ( 0 - 2 ) was charged with two runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked five . Treinen ( 0 - 2 ) was charged with two runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked five . Treinen ( 0 - 2 ) was charged with two runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked five . Treinen walked the first two batters he faced in the third , then walked Volquez to load the bases . Treinen walked Volquez to load the bases , and McCutchen hit a run - scoring single to center to give the Pirates a 2 - 1 lead . Treinen walked the first two batters in the fifth , then walked Volquez to load the bases . Treinen walked Volquez to load the bases and McCutchen hit a run - scoring single to right .
DENVER -- Hunter Pence and the San Francisco Giants did n't need much help from the Colorado Rockies . Hunter Pence and Pablo Sandoval hit back - to - back home runs , Hunter Pence and Pablo Sandoval also went deep and the Giants beat the Rockies 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Pence hit his first homer of the season in the fourth inning off Jhoulys Chacin ( 0 - 3 ) , who gave up three runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . Yusmeiro Petit ( 3 - 1 ) pitched three scoreless innings for the win . Jeremy Affeldt , Santiago Casilla and Jeremy Affeldt finished the five - hitter . Jhoulys Chacin ( 0 - 3 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Rockies . He struck out four and walked two . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Pence led off with his first homer of the season , a drive into the left - field seats . It was his third of the season and second in two days . Chacin ( 0 - 3 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Pence led off with his first homer of the season , a drive into the left - field seats . It was his third of the season and second in two days . Chacin ( 0 - 3 ) allowed three runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Pence led off with his first homer of the season , a drive into the left - field seats . Chacin allowed three runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Texas Rangers manager Ron Washington said he did n't want to use R. A. Dickey 's knuckleball . Mitch Moreland hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the seventh inning , Mitch Moreland added a two - run shot and the Rangers beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 4 - 4 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and three hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked three . Dickey ( 4 - 4 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and three hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked three . Dickey ( 4 - 4 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and three hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked three . Dickey ( 4 - 4 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and three hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked three . Dickey ( 4 - 4 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and three hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked three . Dickey ( 4 - 4 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and three hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked three . Toronto starter Nick Martinez allowed one run and four hits over five innings . He struck out two and walked three . Texas starter Nick Martinez allowed four hits and three walks in five - plus innings . The right - hander is winless in his last five starts .
CLEVELAND -- Josh Reddick 's first career grand slam put the Oakland Athletics ahead to stay . Sonny Gray pitched six innings of two - hit ball , Jed Lowrie hit a grand slam and the A 's routed the Cleveland Indians 11 - 1 on Tuesday night . Josh Donaldson hit a grand slam and Jed Lowrie added a two - run homer as the A 's roughed up Zach McAllister ( 3 - 4 ) , who allowed eight runs in 1 1/3 innings . Gray ( 5 - 1 ) allowed one run and two hits in six innings , striking out nine and walking three . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.30 ERA in his last four starts . Gray ( 5 - 1 ) gave up one run and two hits in six innings , striking out nine and walking three . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in five starts since being recalled from Triple-A Sacramento on June 8 . Zach McAllister ( 3 - 4 ) gave up a career - high eight runs and five hits in 1 1/3 innings . The right - hander was recalled from Triple-A Columbus before the game , but was optioned to Triple-A Columbus to make room for Carrasco , who was placed on the 15 - day disabled list with a strained muscle in his right side . The right - hander was recalled from Triple-A Columbus to start in place of Corey Kluber , who was placed on the 15 - day disabled list with a strained muscle in his right side . The right - hander gave up eight runs and five hits in 1 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts since being recalled from Triple-A Columbus on June 8 . The right - hander was recalled from Triple-A Columbus before the game to make his first start of the season . The right - hander was recalled from Triple-A Columbus to start in place of Corey Kluber , who was placed on the 15 - day disabled list with a strained muscle in his right side . The right - hander allowed eight runs and five hits in 1 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts since being recalled from Triple-A Columbus on June 8 .
PHILADELPHIA -- Garrett Richards did n't need much run support for the Los Angeles Angels . Richards struck out a career - high eight in seven innings , Albert Pujols had two hits and scored twice and the Angels beat the Philadelphia Phillies 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Richards ( 4 - 0 ) struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Joe Smith pitched a perfect ninth for his fifth save in six chances . The Phillies have lost five of six . The Phillies have lost four of five . Burnett ( 2 - 3 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out six . Burnett ( 2 - 3 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out six . Burnett ( 2 - 3 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out six . Burnett ( 2 - 3 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out six . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . Philadelphia has lost five of its last six games . Burnett ( 2 - 3 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out six . The Phillies were shut out for the third time this season . The Phillies have lost five of six . Philadelphia has lost five of six . Burnett ( 2 - 3 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out six .
MILWAUKEE -- Pittsburgh Pirates manager Clint Hurdle was happy to see Milwaukee starter Francisco Liriano make his first start of the season . Liriano pitched six strong innings , pinch - hitter Starling Marte hit a two - run double in the ninth inning and the Pirates beat the Milwaukee Brewers 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . The Pirates have won five of their last six games and are a season - high seven games over .500 . Tony Watson ( 4 - 0 ) pitched one inning for the win and Mark Melancon worked the ninth for his fifth save in seven chances . Rodriguez ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up four hits and three runs in the ninth . Tony Watson ( 4 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Mark Melancon pitched the ninth for his fifth save in six chances . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Jose Tabata 's run - scoring fielder 's choice . The Pirates tied it in the fifth on Jeff Bianchi 's sacrifice fly , but the Pirates tied it in the bottom half on Jeff Bianchi 's sacrifice fly . Pittsburgh starter Wily Peralta gave up one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Jose Tabata 's fielder 's choice grounder . The Brewers tied it in the fifth when Khris Davis doubled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Bianchi . Milwaukee starter Wily Peralta allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . Peralta gave up five hits and one run in seven innings .
SEATTLE -- The Tampa Bay Rays have been waiting for Jake Odorizzi to throw a no - hitter . Odorizzi pitched one - hit ball over six innings , and the Rays beat the Seattle Mariners 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Odorizzi ( 2 - 3 ) allowed one hit and two walks , striking out seven . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in three starts against the Mariners this season . Grant Balfour pitched a perfect ninth for his seventh save in seven chances . Brandon Maurer ( 1 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and two hits in 3 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked four . Maurer ( 1 - 2 ) gave up two runs and two hits in 3 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked four . Maurer ( 1 - 2 ) gave up two runs and two hits in 3 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked four . It was the first time in his career that he failed to pitch at least six innings . Maurer ( 1 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and two hits in 3 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked four . Maurer ( 1 - 2 ) was charged with two runs and two hits in 3 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked four . Maurer ( 1 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and two hits in 3 2/3 innings . He struck out three , walked four and threw two wild pitches . He was replaced by Dominic Leone , who pitched 2 1/3 scoreless innings .
DETROIT -- The Minnesota Twins are starting to look like a team with the worst record in the American League . Danny Santana drove in the go - ahead run in the eighth inning , and the Twins beat the Detroit Tigers 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Danny Santana drove in the go - ahead run with a two - out single off Al Alburquerque in the eighth . Glen Perkins got 1 1/3 innings for his 10th save in 10 chances . Ian Kinsler hit a solo homer for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Jared Burton ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Glen Perkins got 1 - 2 - 3 in the ninth for his 10th save in 10 chances . Ian Kinsler hit a solo homer for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Jared Burton ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Glen Perkins got 1 - 2 - 3 in the ninth for his 10th save in 10 chances . Ian Kinsler hit a solo homer for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Samuel Deduno gave up three runs and six hits in six innings for the Twins . He struck out five and walked one . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Austin Jackson 's sacrifice fly . Kinsler led off the fifth with a homer , and Austin Jackson 's RBI single made it 2 - 0 in the fourth . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Miguel Cabrera . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Austin Jackson 's sacrifice fly .
TORONTO -- Tyler Skaggs did n't have his best stuff . The right - hander pitched eight strong innings , C. J. Cron hit a two - run homer and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Toronto Blue Jays 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Skaggs ( 3 - 1 ) allowed three runs , two earned , and four hits in eight innings to win consecutive starts for the first time this season . He walked none and struck out four . Joe Smith worked the ninth for his fourth save in five chances . Skaggs ( 3 - 1 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in eight innings . He walked none and struck out four . Joe Smith worked the ninth for his fourth save in five chances . Skaggs ( 3 - 1 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in eight innings . He walked none and struck out four . Joe Smith worked the ninth for his fourth save in five chances . Happ ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out four . Happ ( 1 - 1 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out four . Happ ( 1 - 1 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out four . Happ ( 1 - 1 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out four . Happ ( 1 - 1 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out four .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The New York Yankees did n't need much help from the New York Yankees . Derek Jeter homered and drove in two runs , Vidal Nuno pitched neatly into the seventh inning and the Yankees beat the Angels 9 - 2 on Tuesday night to snap a four - game skid . Vidal Nuno ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits in 6 1/3 innings for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Hector Santiago ( 0 - 6 ) was charged with six runs -- two earned -- and five hits in 2 1 - 3 innings . He was charged with six runs -- two earned -- and five hits in 2 1 - 3 innings . Jeter led off the game with a double and scored on Carlos Beltran 's sacrifice fly . Jeter led off the second with his first homer of the season , and the Yankees added five more runs in the inning against Hector Santiago ( 0 - 6 ) . Jeter led off the second with a double and scored on Roberts ' single to make it 5 - 0 . Jeter led off the second with his first homer of the season , a drive into the lower seats in the left - field corner . Jeter led off the second with his first homer of the season , a drive into the left - field bullpen . Jeter led off the second with his first homer of the season , a drive into the left - field bullpen . Jeter led off the second with his first homer of the season , a drive into the left - field bullpen . Jeter led off the second with his first homer of the season , a drive into the left - field bullpen . Jeter led off the second with his first homer of the season , a drive into the left - field bullpen .
ATLANTA -- Braves manager Fredi Gonzalez said he did n't want to use Craig Kimbrel on the mound in the ninth inning . The right - hander struck out two in a perfect ninth inning to give the Braves a 2 - 1 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Justin Upton hit his first homer of the season , a solo shot in the fourth inning , and Justin Upton hit his first homer of the season in the fourth . David Carpenter ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Craig Kimbrel struck out two in a perfect ninth for his ninth save . Justin Upton hit his first homer of the season in the fourth inning to give the Braves a 1 - 0 lead . The Braves tied it in the sixth . Matt Carpenter led off with a double and scored on Matt Holliday 's two - out single . The Cardinals tied it in the sixth . Matt Carpenter led off with a double and scored on Matt Holliday 's single . The Cardinals tied it in the sixth . Matt Carpenter led off with a double and scored on Holliday 's two - out single . The Cardinals tied it in the sixth . Matt Carpenter led off with a double and scored on Holliday 's two - out single . The Cardinals tied it in the sixth . Matt Carpenter led off with a double and scored on Holliday 's two - out single . The Cardinals tied it in the sixth . Matt Carpenter led off with a double and scored on Holliday 's two - out single . The Cardinals tied it in the sixth . Matt Carpenter led off with a double and scored on Holliday 's two - out single .
SAN DIEGO -- Royals manager Ned Yost was n't going to let Salvador Perez hit a go - ahead homer in the sixth inning , and the Kansas City Royals beat the San Diego Padres 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Perez hit his first homer of the season in the sixth inning to tie the game at 1 , tying it at 1 . It was Perez 's second homer of the season and first since July 8 . Wade Davis ( 2 - 1 ) struck out four in two scoreless innings for the win . Greg Holland pitched the 11th for his eighth save in eight chances . Salvador Perez tied the game at 1 with a leadoff homer in the sixth . It was Perez 's third homer of the season and second in two games . Wade Davis ( 2 - 1 ) struck out four in two scoreless innings for the win . Greg Holland pitched the 11th for his eighth save in eight chances . Robbie Erlin allowed one run and three hits in seven innings , struck out five and walked four . The Royals have lost four of five . Erlin allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Erlin allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Erlin allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Erlin allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Erlin allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Erlin allowed one run and three hits in seven innings .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Jered Weaver and the Los Angeles Angels ' bullpen could n't make it hold up . Weaver pitched eight innings of six - hit ball , and the Angels beat the New York Yankees 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Weaver ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and six hits in eight innings , struck out seven and walked one . The right - hander , who was 0 - 3 in his previous three starts , struck out seven and walked one . Ernesto Frieri pitched a perfect ninth for his third save . Weaver ( 3 - 2 ) gave up one run and six hits in eight innings , struck out seven and walked one . Ernesto Frieri pitched a perfect ninth for his third save . Weaver ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and six hits in eight innings , struck out seven and walked one . Ernesto Frieri pitched a perfect ninth for his third save in three chances . Weaver ( 3 - 2 ) gave up one run and six hits in eight innings , struck out seven and walked one . Ernesto Frieri pitched a perfect ninth for his third save in three chances . Weaver ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and six hits over eight innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Ernesto Frieri pitched a perfect ninth for his third save in three chances . The Yankees have lost five of their last six games . The Yankees have lost five of their last six games at Angel Stadium , their longest skid since a 10 - game run in June 2009 . The Yankees have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 .
DENVER -- Troy Tulowitzki is doing his best to make it look easy . Tulowitzki hit a pair of two - run homers , Jordan Lyles pitched eight strong innings and the Colorado Rockies beat the Texas Rangers 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Tulowitzki 's two - run homer in the second inning off Martin Perez ( 4 - 2 ) gave the Rockies a 5 - 0 lead . It was the second multihomer game of Tulowitzki 's career and his second this season . It was his second multihomer game of the season and second of his career . It was his second multihomer game of the season and second of his career . It was his second multihomer game of the season and second of his career . It was his second multihomer game of the season and second of his career . It was his second multihomer game of the season and second of his career . It was his second multihomer game of the season and second of his career . It was his second multihomer game of the season and second of his career . It was his second multihomer game of the season and second of his career . It was his second multihomer game of the season and second of his career . It was his second multihomer game of the season and second of his career . It was his second multihomer game of the season and second of his career . It was his second multihomer game of the season and second of his career . It was his second multihomer game of the season and second of his career . It was his second multihomer game of the season and second this season . Arenado 's two - run shot in the fifth gave the Rockies a 5 - 0 lead . It was Tulowitzki 's second multihomer game of the season and second this season . Arenado 's two - run shot in the fifth gave Colorado a 5 - 0 lead . It was the second multihomer game of the season for Arenado , who was acquired in a trade with the Los Angeles Angels on July 31 . He is hitting .408 with five home runs and 10 RBIs in his last 10 games . Arenado 's two - run homer in the fifth off Martin Perez ( 4 - 2 ) gave the Rockies a 5 - 0 lead . Perez ( 4 - 2 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked three . Perez ( 4 - 2 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked three .
DETROIT -- Max Scherzer was n't as sharp as he was in his previous start , when he gave up three runs in the ninth inning of a loss to the Chicago White Sox . Scherzer ( 4 - 1 ) allowed three hits and struck out nine to lead the Tigers to a 2 - 0 victory over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . Scherzer ( 4 - 1 ) allowed three hits , walked one and struck out nine in eight innings . The right - hander struck out nine and walked one . Joe Nathan pitched the ninth for his sixth save in seven chances . Jarred Cosart ( 1 - 3 ) allowed only four hits in seven innings for the Astros . He struck out three and walked three . Cosart ( 1 - 3 ) allowed only four hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked three . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh . Nick Castellanos led off with a double and scored on Rajai Davis ' single . Rajai Davis followed with an RBI single to make it 1 - 0 . Rajai Davis followed with an RBI single to make it 1 - 0 . Rajai Davis added an RBI single in the seventh . Joe Nathan pitched the ninth for his sixth save in seven chances . Jarred Cosart ( 1 - 3 ) gave up one unearned run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked three . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh . Nick Castellanos led off with a double and scored on Rajai Davis ' single . Rajai Davis followed with an RBI single to make it 1 - 0 .
DENVER -- Charlie Culberson 's first career grand slam gave the Colorado Rockies an 11 - 10 win over the New York Mets . Charlie Culberson hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the bottom of the inning , and the Rockies rallied from a five - run deficit to beat the New York Mets 11 - 10 on Tuesday night . The Mets rallied from a 6 - 0 deficit to take a 9 - 6 lead in the bottom of the fifth , but the Mets rallied from a 6 - 0 deficit to take a 9 - 6 lead in the bottom of the inning . Arenado 's grand slam off Kyle Farnsworth ( 0 - 2 ) gave the Rockies an 8 - 6 lead in the fifth . It was the first grand slam of the season for Arenado , who hit his first career grand slam in the fifth inning to give the Rockies an 8 - 6 lead . It was the first career grand slam for Arenado , who hit his first career grand slam in the fifth to give the Rockies an 8 - 6 lead . It was the first career grand slam for Arenado , who hit his first career grand slam in the fifth to give the Rockies an 8 - 6 lead . LaTroy Hawkins ( 1 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up a two - run homer to Chris Young in the ninth . Anthony Recker had two hits and drove in two runs for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Anthony Recker had two hits and drove in two runs for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Anthony Recker had two hits and drove in two runs for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Anthony Recker had two hits and drove in two runs for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Anthony Recker had two hits and drove in two runs for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Anthony Recker had two hits and two RBIs for the Mets .
PHILADELPHIA -- Cody Asche 's first - inning homer gave the Philadelphia Phillies a boost . Howard hit a three - run homer and A. J. Burnett pitched six strong innings to lead the Phillies to a 7 - 2 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . Jimmy Rollins went 4 - for - 5 and Marlon Byrd had a pair of RBI doubles for the Phillies , who won for the sixth time in seven games . Burnett ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings , striking out seven and walking two . Tanner Roark ( 2 - 1 ) gave up seven runs and seven hits in four - plus innings for the Nationals , who have lost five of six . Roark ( 2 - 1 ) allowed seven runs -- seven earned -- and seven hits in four - plus innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Phillies jumped on Tanner Roark ( 2 - 1 ) for four runs in the first inning . Jimmy Rollins led off with a double and scored on Byrd 's double to right . Byrd followed with a two - run single to make it 7 - 0 . The Phillies jumped on Roark for three runs in the first . Rollins led off with a double and scored on Byrd 's double to right . Byrd followed with a two - run single to make it 5 - 0 . The Phillies tacked on two more runs in the fifth on Byrd 's two - out , two - run single to right that made it 7 - 0 . LaRoche hit his first career pinch - hit homer in the sixth .
ATLANTA -- The San Francisco Giants are hoping to get back on track . Tim Lincecum pitched six strong innings and Michael Morse hit a tiebreaking homer in the sixth inning , leading the Giants to a 2 - 1 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . Lincecum ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and six hits , striking out four and walking three . The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in six of his seven starts this season . Sergio Romo pitched the ninth for his eighth save in eight chances . Mike Minor ( 0 - 1 ) , making his first start of the season , allowed seven hits and two runs in six innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Minor ( 0 - 1 ) gave up seven hits and two runs in six innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Angel Pagan led off with his first career leadoff homer , a drive into the left - field seats . Minor ( 0 - 1 ) gave up seven hits and two runs in six innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Pagan 's leadoff home run , his first of the season . The Braves tied it in the fifth . Gerald Laird led off with a single , moved to second on Lincecum 's sacrifice and scored on Freddie Freeman 's two - out single . The Braves tied it in the fifth . Gerald Laird led off with a double and scored on Freddie Freeman 's two - out single . The Braves tied it in the fifth . Gerald Laird led off with a single , moved to second on Lincecum 's sacrifice and scored on Freddie Freeman 's two - out single .
HOUSTON -- Marc Krauss singled home the winning run in the 11th inning to lift the Houston Astros to a 5 - 4 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . Krauss singled off Charlie Furbush ( 0 - 3 ) to start the 11th and advanced to third on a sacrifice bunt by Carlos Corporan . Krauss followed with an RBI single to tie it at 4 . Krauss followed with an RBI single to tie it at 4 . Krauss followed with an RBI single to tie it at 4 . Krauss followed with an RBI single to tie it at 4 . Krauss followed with an RBI single to tie it at 4 . Krauss followed with an RBI single to tie it at 4 . Krauss followed with an RBI single to tie it at 4 - 4 . Krauss followed with an RBI single to tie it at 4 . Krauss followed with an RBI single to tie it at 4 . Krauss followed with an RBI single to tie it at 4 . Krauss followed with an RBI single to tie it at 4 - all . Anthony Bass ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 11th for the win . Charlie Furbush ( 0 - 3 ) took the loss . Seattle starter Brad Peacock allowed four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . Houston starter Brad Peacock allowed four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . Houston starter Brad Peacock allowed four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . Houston starter Brad Peacock allowed four runs and six hits in six innings .
LOS ANGELES -- Dan Haren did n't allow a hit until Michael Bourn 's one - out single in the seventh inning of a 1 - 0 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Wednesday night . Haren ( 8 - 4 ) struck out five and walked one . Haren ( 8 - 4 ) struck out five and walked one , lowering his ERA to 3.57 . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth for his 25th save in 27 chances . Corey Kluber ( 7 - 6 ) gave up one run and six hits in 6 2/3 innings , struck out five and walked one . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 13.50 ERA in four starts against the Dodgers this season . Kluber ( 7 - 6 ) gave up one run and six hits in 6 2/3 innings , struck out five and walked one . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 13.50 ERA in four starts against the Dodgers this season . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth for his 25th save . Kluber ( 7 - 6 ) gave up one run and six hits in 6 2/3 innings , struck out five and walked one . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 13.50 ERA in four starts against the Dodgers this season . Kluber ( 7 - 6 ) gave up one run and six hits in 6 2/3 innings , struck out five and walked one . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 13.50 ERA in four starts against the Dodgers this season . The Indians have lost five of their last six games . Kluber ( 7 - 6 ) gave up one run and six hits in 6 2/3 innings , struck out five and walked one . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 13.50 ERA in four starts against the Dodgers this season .
ATLANTA -- Atlanta Braves manager Fredi Gonzalez said he was n't surprised to see his team win the game . The Mets ' first game of the season was postponed because of rain , and the Braves rallied from a three - run deficit to beat the New York Mets 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Braves rallied from a 3 - 0 deficit to take a 3 - 0 lead in the top of the eighth . Curtis Granderson led off the game with a homer and Chris Young drove in a run with a sacrifice fly . Curtis Granderson hit a leadoff homer in the first and Chris Young had a sacrifice fly in the third to give the Mets a 3 - 0 lead . Tommy La Stella drove in a run with a bases - loaded walk in the eighth . Anthony Varvaro ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth for his 25th save in 28 chances . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Chris Young 's sacrifice fly and a sacrifice fly by Chris Young . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Chris Young and a sacrifice fly by Chris Young . Wood gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out seven . Wood gave up six hits and three runs in six innings . He walked one and struck out seven . Wood gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out seven . Wood allowed three runs and six hits in six innings .
PITTSBURGH -- The New York Mets are starting to look like a team . Jonathon Niese pitched six effective innings , Daniel Murphy had a two - run single and the Mets beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Niese ( 5 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . Jenrry Mejia pitched the ninth for his eighth save in 10 opportunities . Gerrit Cole ( 6 - 4 ) was charged with five runs and seven hits in four innings . He struck out four and walked three . Cole ( 6 - 4 ) was charged with five runs and seven hits in four innings . He struck out four and walked three . Eric Campbell had three hits and scored a run for the Mets . Jenrry Mejia pitched the ninth for his eighth save in 10 opportunities . Gerrit Cole ( 6 - 4 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in four innings for the Pirates . He struck out four and walked three . The Pirates scored three times in the fourth to take a 5 - 0 lead . Eric Young Jr. led off with a double and scored on Campbell 's double . Kirk Nieuwenhuis hit an RBI double and Kirk Nieuwenhuis followed with a run - scoring single to make it 3 - 0 . Cole allowed five runs and seven hits in four innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Pirates scored three times in the fourth to take a 5 - 0 lead . Eric Young Jr. led off with a double and scored on Campbell 's double . Murphy followed with a two - run single to make it 5 - 0 .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Los Angeles Angels had n't won a game in a month . David Freese had three hits and three RBIs , David Freese had three hits and three RBIs and the Angels beat the Kansas City Royals 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . David Freese had three hits and drove in three runs , and Albert Pujols had three hits and three RBIs for the Angels , who won for the third time in four games . Kole Calhoun had three hits and drove in a run for the Angels , who have won four of five . Mike Morin ( 2 - 1 ) picked up the win with two innings of relief . Joe Smith and Joe Smith each pitched a hitless inning . Mike Morin ( 2 - 1 ) picked up the win despite giving up two runs in two innings . Joe Smith and Joe Smith each pitched a perfect inning to preserve the win for the Angels . Mike Morin ( 2 - 1 ) pitched two innings for the win . Bruce Chen allowed two runs and seven hits in five innings for Kansas City . He struck out eight and walked none . The Royals scored three runs in the sixth to take a 6 - 0 lead . Erick Aybar led off with a single , stole second and scored on Freese 's two - out single . Freese added an RBI single in the sixth to make it 6 - 0 . Chen allowed two runs and seven hits in five - plus innings . He struck out eight and walked none . The Royals scored in the third when Eric Hosmer doubled and scored on Omar Infante 's sacrifice fly .
NEW YORK -- Vidal Nuno did n't get much help from his defense . The right - hander pitched 5 2/3 innings of two - hit ball , Brian McCann hit a two - run homer and the New York Yankees beat the Boston Red Sox 6 - 0 on Tuesday night . Nuno ( 2 - 4 ) allowed two hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out five and walked two . The right - hander was coming off a rough outing in which he gave up seven runs in three innings against the New York Yankees . Dellin Betances , Matt Thornton and Matt Thornton combined to finish the three - hitter . Brandon Workman ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in seven innings for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Brandon Workman ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in seven innings for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Workman ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . Workman ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . Workman ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . Workman ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . Workman ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two .
PHILADELPHIA -- Freddie Freeman 's first homer of the season gave the Atlanta Braves a boost . Freeman hit a three - run homer and Julio Teheran pitched seven strong innings to lead the Braves to a 4 - 2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Freeman hit a three - run homer in the first inning and added a run - scoring double in the second . Freeman hit a three - run homer in the first inning and added a run - scoring double in the second . Freeman hit a three - run homer in the first inning and added a run - scoring double in the second . Freeman hit a three - run homer in the first inning off Kyle Kendrick ( 3 - 8 ) , who allowed four runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in a career - high eight innings . He struck out a career - high eight and walked two in his first career complete game . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . Kendrick ( 3 - 8 ) allowed four runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in a career - high eight innings . He struck out a career - high eight and walked two . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . Kendrick ( 3 - 8 ) allowed four runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in a career - high eight innings . He struck out a career - high eight and walked two . The Phillies jumped on Kendrick in the first . B. J. Upton led off with a double and scored on a double by Freeman . Freeman followed with a three - run shot to left to give the Braves a 3 - 0 lead . The Phillies cut it to 4 - 2 in the fourth on Marlon Byrd 's RBI groundout and Jimmy Rollins ' run - scoring groundout . Jimmy Rollins drove in a run with a groundout in the fourth .
CHICAGO -- Anthony Rizzo had three hits , including a go - ahead two - run double in the seventh inning , and the Chicago Cubs beat the Washington Nationals 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Starlin Castro hit a two - run single and Justin Ruggiano added a two - run double as the Cubs won for the seventh time in nine games . Neil Ramirez ( 1 - 1 ) pitched one - third of an inning for the win . Hector Rondon pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save in as many chances . Craig Stammen ( 0 - 3 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and two hits in two - plus innings . Neil Ramirez ( 1 - 1 ) got one out for the win . Hector Rondon pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . The Nationals took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth on Justin Ruggiano 's two - run single and Starlin Castro 's two - run single . Neil Ramirez ( 1 - 1 ) pitched one - third of an inning for the win . Hector Rondon pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . The Nationals took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth on Justin Ruggiano 's two - run single and Welington Castillo 's RBI single . The Nationals tied it in the sixth on Anthony Rendon 's RBI single and Anthony Rendon 's run - scoring single . The Nationals tied it in the sixth on Anthony Rendon 's RBI single and Anthony Rendon 's run - scoring single . The Cubs tied it in the sixth on Anthony Rendon 's RBI single and Anthony Rendon 's RBI single .
TORONTO -- The Chicago White Sox have lost four of their past five games . J. A. Happ pitched into the eighth inning , Adam Lind had three hits and three RBIs and the Blue Jays beat the Chicago White Sox 7 - 0 on Tuesday night . Happ ( 7 - 4 ) allowed four hits , walked two and struck out eight in 7 2/3 innings . Happ ( 7 - 4 ) allowed four hits , walked two and struck out eight in 7 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out eight . Toronto 's Scott Carroll ( 2 - 4 ) allowed five runs , three earned , and seven hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out four . Happ ( 7 - 4 ) allowed four hits in 7 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out eight . Happ ( 7 - 4 ) allowed four hits in 7 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out eight . Scott Carroll ( 2 - 4 ) allowed five runs -- three earned -- and seven hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out four . Blue Jays left - hander Scott Carroll ( 2 - 4 ) allowed five runs -- three earned -- and seven hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out four . Blue Jays left - hander Scott Carroll ( 2 - 4 ) allowed five runs -- three earned -- and seven hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out four . Blue Jays left - hander Scott Carroll ( 2 - 4 ) allowed five runs , three earned , and seven hits in five innings .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Philadelphia Phillies have found a way to beat the Miami Marlins . Chase Utley hit a two - run homer in the 14th inning to lift the Phillies to a 5 - 3 victory over the Marlins on Tuesday night . Chase Utley hit a two - run homer in the 14th inning to give the Phillies a 5 - 3 win over the Miami Marlins on Tuesday night . Chase Utley hit a two - run homer in the 14th inning to give the Phillies a 5 - 3 win over the Miami Marlins on Tuesday night . Justin De Fratus ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings to earn the win . Chase Utley hit a two - run homer in the 14th for the Phillies , who have won three of four . Justin De Fratus ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Chase Utley hit a two - run homer for the Phillies , who have won three of four . Philadelphia starter Tom Koehler gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter . The Phillies took a 3 - 2 lead in the seventh on a solo homer by Saltalamacchia and a solo shot by Jarrod Saltalamacchia . It was the second time this season the Marlins have hit back - to - back home runs this season . Philadelphia 's Tom Koehler allowed two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Koehler gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels ' biggest inning of the season came to an end . Mike Trout hit a two - run homer in the second inning , Mike Trout added a two - run shot and the Angels beat the Minnesota Twins 8 - 6 on Tuesday night . Josh Hamilton hit a two - run single and Howie Kendrick added a two - run single , and Howie Kendrick added a two - run single as the Angels roughed up Kyle Gibson ( 6 - 6 ) for seven runs -- seven earned -- and four hits in a season - low two - plus innings . Wilson ( 8 - 6 ) allowed six runs and nine hits in five innings , struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Joe Smith worked the ninth for his sixth save in six chances . Kyle Gibson ( 6 - 6 ) gave up seven runs and four hits in two - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against the Angels this season . The Twins took a 5 - 0 lead in the first inning against Kyle Gibson ( 6 - 6 ) , who was charged with seven runs and four hits in two - plus innings . Eduardo Wilson ( 8 - 6 ) gave up six runs -- six earned -- and nine hits in five innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Joe Smith worked the ninth for his sixth save in six chances . Brian Dozier had three hits and an RBI for the Twins , who have lost four of five .
PHOENIX -- Josh Collmenter has been the Arizona Diamondbacks ' most consistent starter . Collmenter pitched five effective innings , Aaron Hill had two hits and drove in two runs and the Diamondbacks beat the San Francisco Giants 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Collmenter ( 5 - 4 ) allowed one run and four hits in five innings , walking four and striking out four . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.00 ERA in his last four starts . Addison Reed worked the ninth for his 17th save in 17 chances . Tim Lincecum ( 5 - 5 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He had a season - high four innings and allowed four earned runs on seven hits . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Buster Posey led off with a double and scored on Pablo Sandoval 's triple . The Giants took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a two - out RBI single by Chris Owings and a run - scoring triple by Chris Owings . Hill added a sacrifice fly in the sixth to make it 4 - 1 . Lincecum allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out one . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out triple by Pablo Sandoval . The Giants took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a two - out RBI single by Chris Owings and a run - scoring triple by Prado . Hill added a sacrifice fly in the sixth . Lincecum allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out one .
ST. LOUIS -- David Buchanan and the rest of the Philadelphia Phillies have been waiting for him to get a win . Buchanan pitched 7 2/3 innings of four - hit ball , Ryan Howard hit a two - run homer and the Phillies beat the St. Louis Cardinals 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Buchanan ( 3 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Buchanan ( 3 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Jonathan Papelbon pitched a perfect ninth for his 17th save in 21 chances . Shelby Miller ( 7 - 6 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings for St. Louis , which has lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . Shelby Miller ( 7 - 6 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings for St. Louis . He struck out four and walked three . The Cardinals have lost four of five . Miller ( 7 - 6 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Cardinals have lost four of five . Miller ( 7 - 6 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Cardinals have lost four of five . Miller ( 7 - 6 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Cardinals have lost four of five . Miller ( 7 - 6 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Nelson Cruz hit a solo homer in the eighth inning , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Cruz hit a solo homer in the eighth inning off Kirby Yates to give the Orioles a 2 - 0 lead . Kevin Gausman ( 3 - 1 ) allowed five hits over six innings , and Zach Britton got three outs for his ninth save . Alex Cobb ( 2 - 5 ) gave up an unearned run and four hits in seven innings for the Rays . He struck out six and walked four . Zach Britton pitched the ninth for his ninth save . Alex Cobb ( 2 - 5 ) gave up an unearned run and four hits in seven innings for the Rays . He struck out six and walked four . The Orioles have lost four of five . Cobb ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four hits , walked four and struck out six in seven innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in five starts since being recalled from Triple-A Durham on June 8 . The Rays have scored three runs or fewer in six of their last seven games . The Rays have scored only three runs in their last three games . The Rays have scored only eight runs in their last five games . The Rays have scored three runs or fewer in seven of their last 10 games . The Rays have scored three runs or fewer in seven of their last 10 games . Cobb ( 2 - 5 ) allowed an unearned run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked four .
CHICAGO -- The Kansas City Royals have n't had much success at U. S. Cellular Field this season . Danny Duffy pitched seven innings of five - hit ball , Billy Butler homered and the Royals beat the Chicago White Sox 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Duffy ( 4 - 5 ) struck out nine and allowed five hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Duffy ( 4 - 5 ) allowed five hits , struck out nine and walked one in seven innings . Paul Konerko homered in the ninth off Michael Mariot , but the White Sox lost for the fifth time in six games . Hector Noesi ( 2 - 5 ) gave up five runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . Paul Konerko homered in the ninth off Michael Mariot , but the White Sox lost for the fifth time in six games . Paul Konerko hit a solo homer in the ninth off Michael Mariot , but the White Sox lost for the fifth time in six games . The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . The White Sox have lost six of their last seven .
PHILADELPHIA -- John Mayberry Jr. had a big night at the plate . Mayberry hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs , Kyle Kendrick pitched six effective innings and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the San Diego Padres 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Mayberry , who had three hits , hit a three - run homer off Alex Torres in the seventh to make it 7 - 2 . Mayberry , who had three hits , hit a three - run homer off Alex Torres in the seventh to make it 7 - 2 . Yasmani Grandal hit a solo homer off Ken Giles in the ninth to make it 7 - 3 . Kendrick ( 2 - 6 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Eric Stults ( 2 - 8 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . Yasmani Grandal hit a solo homer in the ninth for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Stults ( 2 - 8 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . He struck out two and walked one . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Chase Headley and a run - scoring single by Chase Headley . The Padres tied it in the bottom of the inning . Chase Utley led off with a double and scored on Jimmy Rollins ' single . The Phillies tied it in the bottom of the inning when Ben Revere led off with a double and scored on Jimmy Rollins ' single .
PITTSBURGH -- Andrew McCutchen has been a big part of the Pittsburgh Pirates ' recent success . McCutchen hit a two - run homer and drove in two runs , Andrew McCutchen homered and drove in two runs , and the Pirates beat the Chicago Cubs 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . McCutchen hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Jason Hammel ( 6 - 4 ) and added a run - scoring single in the third . He also singled in a run in the third inning and added a run - scoring single in the third . Brandon Cumpton ( 2 - 2 ) allowed two runs and five hits in five innings for the Pirates . Jason Grilli pitched a perfect ninth for his 10th save in 11 opportunities . Hammel ( 6 - 4 ) gave up four runs and 11 hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Cubs have lost five of six . Hammel ( 6 - 4 ) allowed four runs and 11 hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Cubs have lost five of their past six games . The Cubs have lost four of five . Hammel ( 6 - 4 ) allowed four runs and 11 hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Cubs have lost five of their last six games and have scored only seven runs in their last five games . The Cubs have lost five of their last six games and have scored only seven runs in their last five games . Hammel allowed four runs and 11 hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked two .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox have been waiting for Justin Verlander to find a way to beat the Detroit Tigers . Jose Abreu homered and had three hits , John Danks pitched seven strong innings and the White Sox beat Justin Verlander and the Detroit Tigers 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 6 - 6 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked four . Verlander ( 6 - 6 ) allowed seven runs , eight hits and four walks in 5 2/3 innings . He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . Verlander ( 6 - 6 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked four . Verlander ( 6 - 6 ) was tagged for seven runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked four . Verlander ( 6 - 6 ) was tagged for seven runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked four . Verlander ( 6 - 6 ) was tagged for seven runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked four . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Abreu 's first homer of the season . The Tigers tied it in the fourth on Torii Hunter 's run - scoring groundout . The Tigers tied it in the fourth on Torii Hunter 's run - scoring groundout . The Tigers tied it in the fourth on Torii Hunter 's run - scoring groundout . The Tigers tied it in the fourth on Torii Hunter 's RBI groundout .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Tampa Bay manager Joe Maddon was n't happy with his team 's 6 - 3 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Tampa Bay 's Erik Bedard gave up three runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . The right - hander was coming off a three - hit shutout of Tampa Bay in his previous start , when he gave up three runs and five hits in a loss to the Chicago White Sox . Grant Balfour got the final four outs for his 10th save . Michael Wacha ( 4 - 5 ) gave up four runs and four hits in five - plus innings for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Michael Wacha ( 4 - 5 ) gave up four runs , four hits and four walks in five - plus innings for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Yadier Molina had two hits and drove in two runs for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Michael Wacha ( 4 - 5 ) gave up four runs , four hits and four walks in five - plus innings . The right - hander is winless in his last five starts . Yadier Molina had two hits and two RBIs for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Yadier Molina had two hits and two RBIs for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Wacha ( 4 - 5 ) gave up four runs and four hits in five innings . The right - hander walked four and struck out none . Yadier Molina put the Cardinals ahead 2 - 0 with a two - run single in the third . Yadier Molina put the Cardinals ahead 2 - 0 with a two - run single in the third . Yadier Molina put the Cardinals ahead 2 - 0 with a two - run single in the third . Yadier Molina put the Cardinals ahead 2 - 0 with a two - run single in the third . Yadier Molina had a two - run single and Yadier Molina had a two - run single .
PITTSBURGH -- Anthony Rizzo had a big night at the plate . Rizzo had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in three runs to lead the Chicago Cubs to a 7 - 3 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Rizzo had three hits , including a two - run homer in the first inning , and Travis Wood ( 6 - 5 ) pitched 6 2/3 innings to win consecutive starts for the first time this season . Wood ( 6 - 5 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . Wood ( 6 - 5 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . Andrew McCutchen hit a two - run homer for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Andrew McCutchen hit a two - run homer for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . McCutchen hit a two - run homer in the third to tie it at 2 . The Pirates tied it in the bottom half on Josh Harrison 's sacrifice fly and Josh Harrison 's sacrifice fly . Wood ( 6 - 5 ) allowed three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . Pedro Strop pitched the eighth and Pedro Strop pitched the ninth to complete the three - hitter . Sadler ( 6 - 5 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Pedro Strop pitched the eighth and Pedro Strop pitched the ninth for the Cubs .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Josh Hamilton did n't have a chance to get the game - winning hit in the ninth inning , but he did n't think it was going to be a big hit . Hamilton had an RBI single in the bottom of the 14th inning to give the Los Angeles Angels a 2 - 1 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . Hamilton 's RBI single in the sixth gave the Angels a 1 - 0 lead , but the Angels tied it in the eighth on Jed Lowrie 's sacrifice fly . Cory Rasmus ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . The Angels have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Cory Rasmus ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the Angels , who have won four of five . Cory Rasmus ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the Angels , who have won six of their last seven games against the A 's . Cory Rasmus ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the Angels , who have won six of their last seven games against the A 's . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out in consecutive games for the first time since April 26 - 29 .
CINCINNATI -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have been pitching well lately . Josh Beckett pitched six innings of two - hit ball , Hanley Ramirez had a two - run single and the Dodgers beat the Cincinnati Reds 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Beckett ( 4 - 3 ) allowed two hits in six innings , struck out seven and walked one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in four career starts against the Reds . The Dodgers have won four of their last five games . Beckett ( 4 - 3 ) allowed two hits in six innings , struck out seven and walked one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in four career starts against the Reds . The Dodgers have won four of their last five games . The Dodgers have won five of their last six games . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Reds have won six of their last seven games . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Reds have won six of their last seven games . The Reds have won six of their last seven games . The Reds have won six of their last seven games . The Reds have won six of their last seven games . The Reds have won six of their last seven games . The Reds have won six of their last seven games . The Reds have won six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost six of their last seven games .
TORONTO -- The Toronto Blue Jays have n't had much success at the plate this season . Edwin Encarnacion hit a three - run homer , Jose Reyes also went deep and the Blue Jays beat the Minnesota Twins 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Jose Reyes also homered for the Blue Jays , who won for the sixth time in seven games . The Blue Jays won for just the second time in eight games . The Blue Jays won for just the second time in eight games . The Blue Jays won for just the second time in eight games . The Blue Jays won for just the second time in eight games . The Blue Jays won for just the second time in eight games . The Blue Jays won for just the second time in eight games . The Blue Jays have won three straight and six of seven . The Blue Jays have won three straight and six of seven . The Blue Jays have won five of their past six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Blue Jays have won six of their past eight meetings with the Twins , who have the worst record in the American League . Brian Dozier and Brian Dozier also homered for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Brian Dozier and Brian Dozier also went deep for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Minnesota has lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Brian Dozier led off the game with his first home run of the season , and Eduardo Escobar followed with an RBI double . Eduardo Escobar 's RBI double in the top of the ninth made it 4 - 3 , but Janssen struck out Josh Willingham to end the inning . Toronto 's Danny Santana hit his first career leadoff home run , a leadoff shot in the first , and Eduardo Escobar had an RBI double in the ninth .
PHOENIX -- Chase Anderson has been the Arizona Diamondbacks ' most consistent starter . Paul Goldschmidt hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the seventh inning and Chase Anderson pitched seven strong innings to lead the Diamondbacks to a 6 - 5 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . Anderson ( 5 - 0 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings , striking out eight and walking one . Brad Ziegler pitched the ninth for his first save of the season . Aaron Harang ( 4 - 5 ) gave up three runs and four hits in six - plus innings , striking out four and walking six . The Braves have lost four of five . Harang ( 4 - 5 ) gave up three runs and four hits in six - plus innings . He walked six and struck out four . Harang ( 4 - 5 ) gave up three runs and four hits in six - plus innings . He walked six and struck out four . The Braves had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Anderson struck out Chris Johnson and Chris Johnson to end the inning . The Braves had runners on first and second with one out in the fifth , but Anderson struck out Chris Johnson and got Jason Heyward to fly out to end the inning . The Braves had runners on first and second with one out in the sixth , but Anderson struck out Chris Johnson and Chris Johnson to end the inning . Atlanta 's Tommy La Stella hit a run - scoring single in the eighth to cut it to 6 - 4 , but Ziegler got Jason Heyward to ground out to end the game .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Felix Hernandez had a season - high 15 strikeouts in seven scoreless innings , and the Seattle Mariners beat the Tampa Bay Rays 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . James Jones hit a two - run triple off Grant Balfour in the ninth inning , giving the Mariners a 3 - 0 lead . Yoervis Medina ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Seattle starter Chris Archer gave up five hits in 6 1/3 innings , struck out two and walked one . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts with a 6.46 ERA . Yoervis Medina ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Seattle starter Chris Archer allowed five hits in 6 1/3 innings , struck out two and walked one . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . Tampa Bay starter Chris Archer allowed five hits in 6 1/3 innings , struck out two and walked one . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . Archer gave up five hits , struck out two and walked one in 6 1/3 innings . The right - hander was coming off a complete - game victory at Tampa Bay last week , giving up six runs and seven hits in three innings of a 7 - 2 loss to the Rays . The Mariners have scored three runs or fewer in 10 of their last 12 games . The Rays have scored just one run in their last three games . Archer , who allowed five hits , struck out two and walked one .
PHOENIX -- Atlanta Braves manager Fredi Gonzalez said he did n't want to use Craig Kimbrel on the mound for the first time this season . The right - hander pitched a perfect ninth inning for his 16th save in 18 tries , and the Braves beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Jason Heyward had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Jordan Schafer had three hits and scored twice for the Braves , who have won four of five . Teheran ( 6 - 3 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Craig Kimbrel got the final four outs for his 16th save in 19 chances . Heyward had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Jordan Schafer had three hits and scored twice for the Braves , who have won four of five . Teheran ( 6 - 3 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Craig Kimbrel got the final four outs for his 16th save in 19 chances . Heyward hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Braves a 2 - 1 lead . The Braves tied it in the fifth on Didi Gregorius ' first career leadoff home run , a solo shot to left - center . It was his third career leadoff homer and third this season . McCarthy ( 1 - 8 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out nine and walked one . McCarthy ( 1 - 8 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out nine and walked one .
DETROIT -- Toronto Blue Jays manager John Gibbons had no idea what to expect from Justin Verlander . Melky Cabrera and Juan Francisco hit back - to - back home runs in the sixth inning , and the Blue Jays beat the Detroit Tigers 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Melky Cabrera and Juan Francisco also homered for the Blue Jays . Happ ( 5 - 2 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Happ ( 5 - 2 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Happ ( 5 - 2 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Happ ( 5 - 2 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Happ ( 5 - 2 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Happ ( 5 - 2 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Happ ( 5 - 2 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Casey Janssen got the final out for his 10th save in as many chances . Verlander ( 6 - 5 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out four . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a run - scoring triple by Ian Kinsler and a sacrifice fly by Torii Hunter . The Tigers tied it in the fifth on a two - out RBI groundout by Torii Hunter and a run - scoring groundout by Torii Hunter .
MILWAUKEE -- Minnesota Twins manager Ron Gardenhire has been waiting for a few more days to think about his team 's recent struggles . Josh Willingham hit a three - run homer , Samuel Deduno won his third straight start and the Twins beat the Milwaukee Brewers 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Josh Willingham hit a three - run homer and Brian Dozier also went deep for the Twins , who have won four of five . Samuel Deduno ( 2 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in five innings for the Twins . Glen Perkins pitched the ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . The Brewers had runners on second and third with one out in the ninth , but Perkins got Mark Reynolds to ground out to end the game . Yovani Gallardo ( 3 - 4 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in five innings for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Gallardo ( 3 - 4 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Ryan Braun and a run - scoring single by Lyle Overbay . The Brewers tied it in the second on Josmil Pinto 's RBI single . The Brewers tied it in the second on Josmil Pinto 's RBI single . The Brewers tied it in the second on Josmil Pinto 's RBI single . The Brewers tied it in the second on Josmil Pinto 's run - scoring single . The Brewers tied it in the second on Josmil Pinto 's RBI single .
ATLANTA -- The Seattle Mariners have been waiting for pinch - hitter Stefen Romero to come through in a big way . Romero hit a pinch - hit , three - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Mariners beat the Atlanta Braves 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Romero ( 2 - 0 ) struck out four in two innings , striking out four . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . The Braves have won three straight and five of six . Dominic Leone ( 2 - 0 ) struck out four in two innings of hitless relief . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . The Braves have won three straight and five of six . Dominic Leone ( 2 - 0 ) struck out four in two innings for the win . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . Seattle starter Gavin Floyd allowed five runs -- three earned -- and 10 hits in five innings . The Braves took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on B. J. Upton 's solo homer and a three - run shot by Evan Gattis . The Mariners tied it at 5 in the fourth . Buck led off with a double and scored on James Jones ' single . Buck followed with a run - scoring single to make it 4 - 1 . James Jones ' RBI single made it 4 - 2 , and Buck 's run - scoring single made it 4 - 2 . Gattis hit a two - run homer off Erasmo Ramirez in the bottom half to tie the game at 5 . The Mariners tied it at 5 in the fourth . Buck led off with a double and scored on James Jones ' single . Buck followed with an RBI single to make it 4 - 1 . James Jones ' RBI single made it 4 - 2 , and Buck 's run - scoring single made it 4 - 2 . Gattis hit a two - run homer in the seventh .
LOS ANGELES -- Clayton Kershaw and the Los Angeles Dodgers are n't going to let the right - hander get a win . Kershaw allowed two runs and four hits in eight innings , Justin Turner drove in two runs and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Chicago White Sox 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Kershaw ( 4 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits in eight innings , struck out nine and walked none . The right - hander was 0 - 2 with a 3.54 ERA in his previous four starts , including a no - hitter against the Chicago Cubs in his previous start . Jose Abreu hit a two - run homer for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Jose Quintana ( 3 - 5 ) gave up five runs -- none earned -- and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Jose Quintana ( 3 - 5 ) gave up five runs -- none earned -- and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Jose Abreu hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Quintana ( 3 - 5 ) was charged with five runs -- none earned -- and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts after going 2 - 0 with a 1.80 ERA in his previous four starts . Jose Quintana ( 3 - 5 ) gave up five runs -- none earned -- and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two .
CHICAGO -- Chris Sale did n't need much run support for the Chicago White Sox . Sale pitched a two - hitter for his first career complete game , Paul Konerko homered and the White Sox beat the San Diego Padres 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Sale ( 5 - 0 ) struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Sale ( 5 - 0 ) struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Sale ( 5 - 0 ) struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The White Sox have won four of their last five games . Eric Stults ( 2 - 6 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings for the Padres . He struck out six and walked one . Stults ( 2 - 6 ) allowed four runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Stults ( 2 - 6 ) allowed four runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . The White Sox have won five of their last six games . The White Sox have won five of their last six games . The White Sox have won five of their last six games . The White Sox have won five of their last six games .
LOS ANGELES -- Andrew McCutchen and the rest of the Pittsburgh Pirates ' offense did n't have much of a surprise . McCutchen hit a tiebreaking homer in the seventh inning , Andrew McCutchen also went deep and the Pirates beat Zack Greinke and the Los Angeles Dodgers 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Edinson Volquez ( 3 - 4 ) gave up two runs and five hits in five innings , striking out six and walking one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 2.37 ERA in his last five starts . Jason Grilli gave up a run in the ninth but held on for his eighth save in eight chances . Greinke ( 8 - 2 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings , struck out seven and walked two . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against the Pirates this season . Greinke ( 8 - 2 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings , struck out seven and walked two . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against the Pirates this season . Justin Turner homered and drove in two runs for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Justin Turner hit his first major league home run and drove in two runs for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Edinson Volquez ( 3 - 4 ) gave up two runs and five hits in five innings , struck out six and walked one . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his previous three starts against the Dodgers . Justin Turner hit a solo homer and drove in two runs for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Turner hit his fourth homer in the third inning , a drive into the lower seats in the left - field corner , to make it 3 - 1 . It was Harrison 's first home run since July 31 at Cincinnati .
CLEVELAND -- Seattle manager Lloyd McClendon was n't happy with his team 's 5 - 5 win over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Dustin Ackley hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the eighth inning , and the Mariners beat the Indians 6 - 5 . Mike Zunino hit a two - run homer and Mike Zunino added a two - run shot for the Mariners , who took two of three from the Indians . Joe Beimel ( 3 - 1 ) got one out in the seventh for the win . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 30th save . Jason Kipnis hit a two - run homer and Carlos Santana drove in two runs for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Joe Beimel ( 3 - 1 ) got the last out in the seventh for the win . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 30th save . Jason Kipnis hit a two - run homer and Carlos Santana had two hits and two RBI for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Joe Beimel ( 3 - 1 ) got the final out in the seventh for the win . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 30th save . Cleveland starter Chris Young gave up four runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a < unk > ERA in his last four starts . Young gave up four runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a < unk > ERA in his last four starts . Young gave up four runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts .
CHICAGO -- Jake Arrieta has been the Chicago Cubs ' most consistent starter this season . Arrieta pitched seven innings of three - hit ball , and the Cubs beat the Colorado Rockies 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Arrieta ( 6 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Arrieta ( 6 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Hector Rondon worked the ninth for his 14th save in 15 chances . Pedro Hernandez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed three runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Rockies . He walked two and struck out two . Hernandez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed three runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Hernandez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games . The Rockies have lost four of five . Hernandez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Rockies took a 3 - 0 lead in the sixth . Chris Coghlan led off with a double , moved to third on Chris Coghlan 's single and scored on Justin Ruggiano 's sacrifice fly . Justin Ruggiano followed with a sacrifice fly , and Luis Valbuena drove in a run with a groundout . Hernandez allowed three runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two .
HOUSTON -- The Oakland Athletics have found a way to beat the Houston Astros . Josh Donaldson hit a two - run double with two outs in the ninth inning and the A 's rallied from a four - run deficit to beat the Astros 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Josh Donaldson hit a two - run double in the ninth inning and pinch - hitter Alberto Callaspo added a two - run double in the ninth for the A 's . Evan Scribner ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Sean Doolittle pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save . Houston starter Jeff Samardzija allowed six hits and four runs in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Houston starter Jeff Samardzija allowed six hits and four runs in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Houston starter Jeff Samardzija allowed six hits and four runs in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven . Houston starter Jeff Samardzija yielded six hits and four runs with seven strikeouts in 6 2/3 innings . Houston starter Jeff Samardzija allowed six hits and four runs with seven strikeouts in 6 2/3 innings . He is winless in his last five starts . Houston starter Jeff Samardzija allowed six hits and four runs with seven strikeouts in 6 2/3 innings . He is winless in his last five starts . Houston starter Jeff Samardzija yielded six hits and four runs with seven strikeouts in 6 2/3 innings . He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . Houston starter Jeff Samardzija yielded six hits and four runs with seven strikeouts in 6 2/3 innings . He is winless in his last five starts .
CINCINNATI -- The Arizona Diamondbacks finally found a way to beat the Cincinnati Reds . Nick Ahmed singled in the go - ahead run in the 15th inning , and the Diamondbacks beat the Reds 2 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight win . The Diamondbacks have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Arizona has lost four of five . Oliver Perez ( 1 - 1 ) got the win with two innings of scoreless relief . Addison Reed worked the 15th for his 25th save in 27 chances . J. J. Hoover ( 1 - 8 ) walked Martin Prado to lead off the 15th . Martin Prado walked to load the bases , and Nick Ahmed singled up the middle off J. J. Hoover ( 1 - 8 ) to give the Diamondbacks a 2 - 1 lead . Oliver Perez ( 1 - 1 ) got the win with two innings of scoreless relief . Addison Reed worked the 15th for his 25th save in 27 chances . Devin Mesoraco hit a leadoff homer in the second inning for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Chase Anderson allowed three hits and one run in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Addison Reed pitched the 15th for his 25th save in 27 chances . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games .
CINCINNATI -- Washington Nationals manager Davey Johnson said he was n't thinking about his team 's offense . Denard Span had four hits , including a go - ahead single in the sixth inning , and the Nationals beat the Cincinnati Reds 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Denard Span had four hits , including an RBI single , and Denard Span had four hits and drove in a run for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Rafael Soriano gave up a one - out single in the ninth , but got Skip Schumaker to bounce into a game - ending double play for his 24th save in 27 chances . Alfredo Simon ( 12 - 5 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings for the Reds , who have lost four of five . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost five of six . They 've lost five of six . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost five of six . They 've lost four of five . The Nationals have lost five of six . They 've lost four of five . The Nationals have lost five of six . They 've lost five of six . The Nationals have lost five of six . They 've lost five of six . The Nationals have lost five of six . They 've lost five of six . The Nationals have lost five of six . They 've lost five of six . The Nationals have lost five of six . They 've lost five of six . The Reds have lost six of seven .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals have been waiting for Billy Butler to come through in the clutch . Butler hit a go - ahead , two - run homer off John Axford in the eighth inning , and the Royals beat the Cleveland Indians 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Butler 's pinch - hit , two - run homer in the eighth off John Axford gave the Royals a 6 - 4 lead . Kelvin Herrera ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth and Aaron Crow got three outs for his second save . Carlos Santana homered twice and David Murphy had three hits for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Kelvin Herrera ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth and Aaron Crow got three outs for his second save . Carlos Santana homered twice and David Murphy had three hits for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Kelvin Herrera ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Aaron Crow worked the ninth for his second save . Carlos Santana homered twice and David Murphy had three hits for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Kelvin Herrera ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Aaron Crow worked the ninth for his second save . Santana hit a two - run homer in the sixth to pull the Indians within 4 - 3 , but the Indians tied it in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Jason Kipnis and a sacrifice fly by Jason Kipnis . Santana hit a two - run homer in the sixth to pull the Indians within 4 - 3 , but the Indians tied it in the seventh on Jason Kipnis ' sacrifice fly .
TORONTO -- The Boston Red Sox have gone to the top of the AL East . Jose Bautista hit a tiebreaking homer in the seventh inning , R. A. Dickey won for the first time in three starts and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Boston Red Sox 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Jose Bautista hit a solo homer and Josh Thole had an RBI double for the Blue Jays , who took two of three from the Red Sox . David Ortiz hit a three - run homer and Xander Bogaerts had two hits and an RBI for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Boston has lost four of five . Clay Buchholz ( 5 - 6 ) allowed five runs , four earned , and six hits in six - plus innings . He walked four and struck out one . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the first against Clay Buchholz ( 5 - 6 ) , who allowed five runs and six hits in six - plus innings . He walked four and struck out one . The Red Sox took a 4 - 3 lead in the sixth . Jose Reyes led off with a double and scored on Ryan Goins ' triple . Josh Thole followed with an RBI triple and scored on Josh Thole 's triple . Colby Rasmus followed with an RBI double , and Colby Rasmus followed with an RBI double . Toronto tied it at 4 in the sixth on a throwing error by third baseman Xander Bogaerts , who was trying to score from second on Munenori Kawasaki 's two - out single . Colby Rasmus followed with a run - scoring double and Colby Rasmus chased Buchholz with an RBI triple . Buchholz allowed five runs , four earned , and six hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out one .
PHOENIX -- Miguel Cabrera and the Detroit Tigers did n't have much to celebrate . Cabrera hit a three - run homer , Austin Jackson drove in three runs and the Tigers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 11 - 5 on Tuesday night . Anibal Sanchez ( 7 - 4 ) gave up five runs and 11 hits in 6 1/3 innings for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Trevor Cahill ( 1 - 7 ) gave up seven runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in four - plus innings for the Diamondbacks . He struck out three and walked none . Didi Gregorius hit a two - run homer and Gerardo Parra had three hits for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Trevor Cahill ( 1 - 7 ) gave up seven runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in four innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Cahill ( 1 - 7 ) gave up seven runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in four innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Cahill ( 1 - 7 ) gave up seven runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in four innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Cahill ( 1 - 7 ) gave up seven runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in four innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season .
MILWAUKEE -- Jonathan Lucroy 's second home run of the season came on a 1 - 1 pitch from Sam LeCure ( 1 - 2 ) leading off the bottom of the ninth inning , lifting the Milwaukee Brewers to a 4 - 3 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Lucroy hit a 1 - 1 pitch from Sam LeCure ( 1 - 2 ) into the right - field seats to give the Brewers a 3 - 1 lead . It was Lucroy 's second career two - homer game and first this season . Francisco Rodriguez ( 4 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . The Brewers have won four of five . Francisco Rodriguez ( 4 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Ryan Braun hit a solo homer in the first inning and Aramis Ramirez added a solo shot in the sixth for the Brewers . Francisco Rodriguez ( 4 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Milwaukee starter Jimmy Nelson gave up three runs and four hits in six - plus innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Ramirez 's solo homer and Lucroy 's two - out , solo shot in the first . The Brewers cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the fourth on a run - scoring double by Jay Bruce and an RBI double by Jay Bruce . Milwaukee starter Jimmy Nelson gave up three runs and four hits in six - plus innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Ramirez 's first home run of the season , a two - out shot to right field . Lucroy hit a solo shot in the bottom of the first , his second of the season .
NEW YORK -- Jacoby Ellsbury had a pretty good view of the New York Yankees . Ellsbury had four hits and drove in the winning run with a single in the ninth inning , leading the Yankees to a 3 - 2 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Ellsbury had four hits and scored a run for the Yankees , who have won three straight and five of six . Ellsbury had four hits and scored a run for the Yankees , who have won four of five . David Robertson ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Dellin Betances gave up Skip Schumaker 's RBI single in the ninth . David Robertson ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Dellin Betances gave up an RBI single to Skip Schumaker in the top of the ninth before striking out Brayan Pena to end the inning . David Robertson ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Dellin Betances gave up an RBI single to Skip Schumaker with one out in the ninth before striking out Brayan Pena to end it . Cincinnati starter Johnny Cueto gave up two runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked four . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on Skip Schumaker 's two - out double that scored Zack Cozart , who reached on third baseman Brian Roberts ' throwing error . Kuroda allowed an unearned run and three hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on Skip Schumaker 's RBI double .
ATLANTA -- Alex Wood 's first win in more than a month . Wood pitched six strong innings , Chris Johnson hit a two - run homer and the Atlanta Braves beat the Philadelphia Phillies 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Wood ( 7 - 7 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings . He struck out eight and did not walk a batter . Wood ( 7 - 7 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings . He struck out eight and did not walk a batter . David Hale pitched the seventh , David Hale struck out the side in the eighth and David Hale finished the game . Kyle Kendrick ( 4 - 10 ) gave up five runs and five hits in five innings . The Phillies have lost four of five . Kendrick ( 4 - 10 ) gave up five runs and five hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out one . The Phillies have lost four of five . Kendrick ( 4 - 10 ) gave up five runs and five hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out one . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a two - run homer by La Stella off Kyle Kendrick ( 4 - 10 ) . Johnson 's two - run shot in the second gave the Braves a 2 - 1 lead . Mayberry 's homer in the second gave the Phillies a 1 - 0 lead . Mayberry 's homer in the second gave the Phillies a 1 - 0 lead . Mayberry 's homer in the second gave the Phillies a 1 - 0 lead . Mayberry 's homer in the second gave the Phillies a 1 - 0 lead .
PITTSBURGH -- Pittsburgh Pirates manager Clint Hurdle was happy to see Josh Harrison go to the plate in the eighth inning . Harrison 's pinch - hit sacrifice fly in the eighth inning lifted the Pirates to a 4 - 2 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Gregory Polanco led off the eighth with a double off Matt Belisle ( 2 - 5 ) and scored on pinch - hitter Travis Snider 's double . Harrison ( 2 - 5 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and three hits in one - third of an inning . Tony Watson ( 6 - 1 ) pitched one inning for the win and Mark Melancon worked the ninth for his 17th save in 20 opportunities . The Rockies have lost five of their past six games . Colorado starter Jorge De La Rosa allowed one run and four hits in six - plus innings . He struck out two and walked three . Jorge De La Rosa allowed one run and four hits in six innings for the Rockies . He struck out two and walked three . Jorge De La Rosa allowed one run and four hits in six - plus innings , striking out two and walking three . Jorge De La Rosa allowed one run and four hits in six innings with two strikeouts and three walks . Jorge De La Rosa allowed one run and four hits in six - plus innings , striking out two and walking three . Jorge De La Rosa allowed one run and four hits in six innings with two strikeouts and three walks . Jorge De La Rosa allowed one run and four hits in six innings with two strikeouts and three walks . Jorge De La Rosa allowed one run and four hits in six innings with two strikeouts and three walks .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have been waiting for Hyun-Jin Ryu to come through in a big way . Ryu allowed two hits over six innings , Yasiel Puig drove in the only run with a sixth - inning single and the Dodgers beat the San Diego Padres 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Ryu ( 10 - 5 ) allowed two hits , struck out 10 and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last seven starts . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth for his 27th save in 31 chances . Tyson Ross ( 7 - 10 ) gave up one run and six hits in seven innings , struck out a career - high nine and walked one . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts after winning his first two starts of the season . Ross Ross ( 7 - 10 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings , struck out nine and walked one . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts after winning his first two starts of the season . Ross Ross ( 7 - 10 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings , struck out nine and walked one . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts after winning his first two starts of the season . Ross Ross ( 7 - 10 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings , struck out nine and walked one . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts after winning his first two starts of the season .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Justin Verlander has been one of the few bright spots in the Kansas City Royals ' rotation . The right - hander gave up four runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings , leading the Royals to a 5 - 2 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 8 - 8 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings , striking out three and walking one . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his past five starts . Yordano Ventura ( 7 - 7 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win and Greg Holland worked a perfect ninth for his 25th save in 29 chances . Verlander ( 8 - 8 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Tigers have lost four of five . Verlander ( 8 - 8 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Tigers have lost five of their last six games . The Tigers have lost six of eight . The Tigers have lost six of eight . The Tigers have lost six of eight . The Tigers have lost six of eight . The Tigers have lost six of eight . The Tigers have lost six of eight . The Tigers have lost six of eight . The Tigers have lost six of eight . The Tigers have lost six of eight . The Tigers have lost six of eight . The Tigers have lost six of eight . The Tigers have lost six of eight . The Tigers have lost six of eight .
CINCINNATI -- Alfredo Simon has been one of the best pitchers in the majors this season . Simon pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Ramon Santiago drove in the go - ahead run and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Chicago Cubs 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Simon ( 12 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Aroldis Chapman struck out the side in the ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . Dallas Beeler ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . The Cubs have lost six of their last seven games . Anthony Rizzo homered for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Dallas Beeler ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . The right - hander walked four and did n't strike out anyone . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Brandon Phillips ' two - out double that scored Zack Cozart , who led off with a single . The Cubs tied it in the third when Rizzo led off with his 13th homer of the season , a drive into the left - field seats . The Cubs tied it in the third when Rizzo led off with his 13th homer of the season , a drive into the right - field seats on a 2 - 0 pitch . It was the second homer of the season for Rizzo , who leads the NL with 30 homers . The Cubs have lost five of their last six games .
DENVER -- Troy Tulowitzki has been a big part of the Colorado Rockies ' recent success . Tulowitzki hit two home runs , Charlie Blackmon and Wilin Rosario also went deep and the Rockies beat the San Diego Padres 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Rockies have won five of their last six games and are a major league - best 20 - 6 since the All-Star break . They have won six of their last seven games . Boone Logan ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . LaTroy Hawkins pitched the ninth for his 17th save in 19 chances . Seth Smith homered and Chris Denorfia had two hits for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Boone Logan ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth to earn the win . LaTroy Hawkins pitched the ninth for his 17th save in 21 chances . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on solo homers by Tulowitzki and Wilin Rosario . The Padres took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Tulowitzki led off with his second homer of the season , and Stubbs followed with a drive to right to give the Rockies a 3 - 1 lead . Tulowitzki led off the fourth with a homer to right , his second of the season and second in two games . Tulowitzki added a solo shot in the bottom of the inning to make it 3 - 1 . The Padres tied it at 3 in the fifth when Chris Denorfia doubled and scored on Jurrjens ' wild pitch . Jurrjens allowed eight hits and three runs in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two .
BOSTON -- The Chicago White Sox did n't have much to celebrate . Scott Carroll pitched one - hit ball into the seventh inning , Dayan Viciedo hit a three - run homer and the White Sox beat the Boston Red Sox 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Carroll ( 3 - 5 ) allowed one hit in 6 2/3 innings , striking out five and walking two . Carroll ( 3 - 5 ) allowed one hit in 6 2/3 innings , striking out five and walking two . The Red Sox were shut out for the third time this season . Clay Buchholz ( 3 - 5 ) gave up four runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Red Sox were shut out for the third time this season . Clay Buchholz ( 3 - 5 ) gave up four runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Dunn led off with a drive into the left - field seats . Dunn led off the second with his seventh homer of the season , a drive that bounced off the top of the Green Monster and into the Green Monster seats . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a solo homer by Viciedo , his third of the season . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a solo homer by Viciedo , his third of the season . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a solo homer by Viciedo , his sixth .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Houston Astros manager A. J. Hinch was n't going to let Jon Singleton go to the plate in the fourth inning . Singleton hit a three - run homer , Marwin Gonzalez had a three - run triple and the Astros beat the Texas Rangers 12 - 7 on Tuesday night . Singleton had three hits , including a three - run triple in the second inning and a three - run homer in the fourth to help the Astros to a 12 - 6 victory over the Rangers . Jarred Cosart ( 9 - 6 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and nine hits in five innings for the Astros , who have won four of five . The Astros have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Astros have won seven of their last 10 games . Jarred Cosart ( 9 - 6 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and nine hits in five innings for the Astros , who have won four of five . The Astros have won five of their last six games . Jarred Cosart ( 9 - 6 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and nine hits in five innings for the Astros , who have won four of five . The Astros have won six of their last seven games . Jarred Cosart ( 9 - 6 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and nine hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked two . Houston starter Jarred Cosart ( 9 - 6 ) allowed six runs -- five earned -- and nine hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked two .
WASHINGTON -- Washington Nationals manager Matt Williams had no idea what to expect from Jake Arrieta , who pitched six innings of four - hit ball in a 2 - 1 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Denard Span led off the eighth with a double off Pedro Strop ( 1 - 4 ) and scored on Jayson Werth 's two - out single . Tyler Clippard ( 6 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . Rafael Soriano pitched a perfect ninth for his 21st save in 23 chances . Pedro Strop ( 1 - 4 ) took the loss , giving up two hits and one run in one inning . Rafael Soriano pitched a perfect ninth for his 21st save in 23 chances . Pedro Strop ( 1 - 4 ) took the loss , giving up two hits and one run in one inning . Rafael Soriano pitched a perfect ninth for his 21st save in 23 chances . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven . Chicago 's Jake Arrieta allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . The Cubs tied it in the seventh . Pinch-hitter Chris Coghlan led off with a double and scored on Starlin Castro 's sacrifice fly . The Cubs tied it in the seventh . Pinch-hitter Chris Coghlan led off with a double and scored on Starlin Castro 's sacrifice fly . The Cubs tied it in the seventh . Pinch-hitter Chris Coghlan led off with a double and scored on Castro 's sacrifice fly . The Cubs tied it in the seventh . Pinch-hitter Chris Coghlan led off with a double and scored on Castro 's sacrifice fly .
ATLANTA -- The Arizona Diamondbacks are starting to feel good at Turner Field . Wade Miley pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Paul Goldschmidt hit a two - run homer and the Diamondbacks beat the Atlanta Braves 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Miley ( 4 - 6 ) allowed one run and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Addison Reed worked the ninth for his 20th save . Alex Wood ( 6 - 7 ) gave up three hits , three walks and two runs in seven innings . He has lost three straight starts for the first time this season . The Braves have lost five of six . Addison Reed pitched the ninth for his 20th save . Alex Wood ( 6 - 7 ) gave up three hits , two runs and three walks in seven innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . Wood ( 6 - 7 ) gave up three hits and two runs in seven innings . He walked three and struck out two . Wood gave up three hits , two runs , three walks and struck out two in seven innings . The right - hander is winless in his last five starts . Wood gave up three hits , two runs and three walks in seven innings . He walked three and struck out two . Wood gave up three hits , two runs and three walks in seven innings . He walked three and struck out two . Wood gave up three hits , two runs and three walks in seven innings . He walked three and struck out two . Wood gave up three hits and two runs in seven innings .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Garrett Richards did n't have his best stuff of the season , and the Los Angeles Angels ' right - hander did n't have his best stuff . Richards struck out a career - high 11 in 7 1/3 innings , Albert Pujols drove in two runs and the Angels beat the Houston Astros 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Richards ( 10 - 2 ) allowed one run and six hits over 7 1/3 innings , striking out a career - high 11 and walking one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts after going 0 - 3 with a 5.63 ERA in his previous five starts . Richards ( 10 - 2 ) allowed one run and six hits over 7 1/3 innings , striking out a career - high 11 . The right - hander struck out a career - high 11 and walked one , throwing 73 of his 110 pitches for strikes . Collin McHugh ( 4 - 8 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in four - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . McHugh ( 4 - 8 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in four - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . McHugh ( 4 - 8 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in four - plus innings . He struck out four , walked two and hit a batter . McHugh ( 4 - 8 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in four - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . Calhoun led off the seventh with a homer to left - center off David Martinez , who was recalled from Triple-A Oklahoma City before the game . He was charged with three runs and four hits in four innings .
ST. LOUIS -- Miami Marlins manager Mike Matheny was happy to see Christian Yelich hit a go - ahead , three - run homer in the sixth inning and give the Marlins a 6 - 5 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Christian Yelich and Christian Yelich also homered for the Marlins , who won for the seventh time in nine games . Allen Craig and Allen Craig hit two - run homers for St. Louis , which has lost four of five . Mike Dunn ( 6 - 4 ) pitched one inning for the win and Steve Cishek worked the ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . Allen Craig and Allen Craig hit two - run homers for St. Louis , which has lost four of five . Mike Dunn ( 6 - 4 ) pitched one inning for the win . Steve Cishek pitched a scoreless ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . The Marlins had lost five of their previous six games and had 14 hits in the series . Jhonny Peralta hit a solo homer in the fourth for St. Louis , which has lost four of five . Jhonny Peralta hit a solo homer for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Cardinals starter Shelby Miller gave up three runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out two . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by McGehee . The Cardinals tied it in the bottom of the first on a two - out RBI single by Yadier Molina . Heaney allowed five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out one .
MIAMI -- The Philadelphia Phillies have been waiting for Jonathan Papelbon to protect a one - run lead in the ninth inning . The right - hander pitched a scoreless ninth for his 19th save in 20 chances , and the Phillies rallied to beat the Miami Marlins 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Chase Utley and Cameron Rupp each drove in a pair of runs for the Phillies , who won for the sixth time in seven games . Jake Diekman ( 3 - 2 ) pitched one inning for the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched a scoreless ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . The Phillies trailed 4 - 3 before scoring twice off Jake Diekman ( 3 - 2 ) in the eighth to take a 4 - 3 lead . Marcell Ozuna had three hits and scored a run for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Jake Diekman ( 3 - 2 ) got the win despite allowing two runs in the eighth . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . The Phillies trailed 4 - 3 before pinch - hitter Jeff Baker hit an RBI triple off Jake Diekman ( 3 - 2 ) in the eighth . The Marlins scored twice in the eighth to take a 4 - 3 lead . Marcell Ozuna had three hits , including a triple , and scored on Casey McGehee 's pinch - hit single to make it 4 - 3 . The Marlins scored twice in the eighth to take a 4 - 3 lead . Giancarlo Stanton led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on a groundout . He scored on Casey McGehee 's pinch - hit single to make it 4 - 3 .
HOUSTON -- Chris Young did n't allow a hit until Marwin Gonzalez homered to lead off the fifth inning , and the Seattle Mariners beat the Houston Astros 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Young ( 8 - 4 ) allowed two runs and two hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Fernando Rodney pitched a perfect ninth for his 24th save . Brad Peacock ( 2 - 5 ) allowed six hits and four runs in 5 1/3 innings for the Astros . He struck out six and walked two . Houston starter Brad Peacock ( 2 - 5 ) allowed six hits and four runs in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six . Houston starter Brad Peacock ( 2 - 5 ) allowed six hits and four runs in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six . Houston starter Brad Peacock ( 2 - 5 ) allowed six hits and four runs in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six . Houston starter Brad Peacock ( 2 - 5 ) allowed six hits and four runs in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six . Houston starter Brad Peacock ( 2 - 5 ) allowed six hits and four runs in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six . Houston starter Brad Peacock ( 2 - 5 ) allowed six hits and four runs in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six . Peacock , who has n't won since May 30 , struck out six and walked two . He has n't won since May 26 . Peacock , who has n't won since May 30 , struck out six and walked two . He has n't won since May 26 .
SEATTLE -- Dustin Ackley had a big night for the Seattle Mariners . Ackley hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs , Hisashi Iwakuma pitched six effective innings and the Mariners beat the Washington Nationals 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Ackley had a three - run homer in the fifth inning off Tanner Roark ( 12 - 9 ) , who gave up four runs and 11 hits in 6 1/3 innings . Nate Schierholtz also homered for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Harper hit a solo homer in the second and a solo shot in the fourth . He also hit a solo shot in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth . Harper had three hits , including a solo homer in the second and a solo shot in the fourth . He also hit a solo shot in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth . He also hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth . He also hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth . He also hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth . He also hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth . He also hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth . He also hit a solo shot in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth . He also hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth to give the Nationals a 3 - 1 lead .
CHICAGO -- Carlos Carrasco was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . The right - hander allowed one run and four hits in 6 2/3 innings , leading the Cleveland Indians to a 3 - 2 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Carrasco ( 6 - 4 ) allowed one run and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Cody Allen struck out the side in the ninth for his 18th save in 21 chances . John Danks ( 9 - 9 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings for Chicago , which has lost four of five . Danks ( 9 - 9 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Danks ( 9 - 9 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Danks ( 9 - 9 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI groundout by Jason Kipnis . The White Sox tied it in the third . Adam Eaton led off with a double and scored on Adam Dunn 's two - out single . Chicago tied it in the third on a two - out RBI single by Adam Dunn , but the Indians tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Jason Kipnis . The Indians tied it in the bottom of the inning on a two - out RBI single by Adam Dunn .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants did n't need much help from Madison Bumgarner . Bumgarner struck out a career - high 13 , Buster Posey hit two home runs and the San Francisco Giants beat the Colorado Rockies 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Bumgarner ( 15 - 9 ) struck out 13 in a no - hitter for the second time this season and lowered his ERA to 3.02 . Bumgarner ( 15 - 9 ) did n't allow a runner past first base until Justin Morneau singled with one out in the seventh . Bumgarner ( 15 - 9 ) did n't allow a runner past first base until Justin Morneau singled with one out in the seventh . Bumgarner then struck out Brandon Barnes to end the inning . Jorge De La Rosa ( 13 - 9 ) gave up two runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked two . De La Rosa ( 13 - 9 ) gave up two runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked two . De La Rosa ( 13 - 9 ) gave up two runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked two . De La Rosa ( 13 - 9 ) gave up two runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked two . De La Rosa ( 13 - 9 ) gave up two runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked two . De La Rosa ( 13 - 9 ) gave up two runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked two .
PHILADELPHIA -- Freddy Galvis has been a big reason for the Philadelphia Phillies . Galvis hit a two - run homer and drove in two runs to help the Phillies beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 3 on Friday night . Galvis hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning to give the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead . Galvis hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead . Galvis hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead . Galvis hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead . Galvis hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead . Ruf hit a two - run shot in the fifth to give the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead . Grady Sizemore led off the inning with a double and scored on Carlos Ruiz 's sacrifice fly . Ruf hit a two - out solo homer in the sixth to give the Phillies a 3 - 0 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Hamels this season . The Nationals cut it to 3 - 2 in the seventh on Kevin Frandsen 's RBI single and a run - scoring single by Ramos that cut the deficit to 3 - 2 . Wilson Ramos ' RBI single cut it to 3 - 2 in the seventh . Wilson Ramos followed with an RBI single to cut the deficit to 3 - 2 . Wilson Ramos followed with an RBI single to cut it to 3 - 2 . Wilson Ramos followed with an RBI single to cut it to 3 - 2 . Wilson Ramos followed with an RBI single to cut it to 3 - 2 . Hamels allowed three runs and eight hits in seven innings .
TORONTO -- The Boston Red Sox did n't have much to do with the Boston Red Sox . Mookie Betts hit a go - ahead home run in the fifth inning and the Red Sox beat the Toronto Blue Jays 4 - 3 on Tuesday night , snapping the Blue Jays ' five - game winning streak . Dustin Pedroia hit a two - run homer and Yoenis Cespedes added an RBI single as the Red Sox won for the fifth time in six games . Koji Uehara ( 6 - 4 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning to earn the win . Craig Breslow pitched the 10th for his first career save . Boston 's Clay Buchholz allowed three runs and four hits in 8 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out four . Craig Breslow pitched the 10th for his first career save . Boston 's Clay Buchholz allowed three runs and four hits in 8 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out four . Craig Breslow pitched the 10th for his first career save . Toronto 's Clay Buchholz allowed three runs and four hits in 8 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out four . Craig Breslow pitched the 10th for his first major league save . Blue Jays right - hander J. A. Happ allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . Blue Jays right - hander J. A. Happ allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . Blue Jays right - hander J. A. Happ allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . Blue Jays right - hander J. A. Happ allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . Blue Jays right - hander J. A. Happ allowed three runs and five hits in six innings .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The New York Yankees have n't been able to do much better against the Kansas City Royals lately . Jacoby Ellsbury homered and drove in three runs , Michael Pineda pitched into the seventh inning and the Yankees beat the Royals 8 - 1 on Tuesday night . Jacoby Ellsbury had three hits , including a home run , and drove in three runs , and Stephen Drew also went deep for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Pineda ( 3 - 2 ) allowed five hits and one run in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Derek Jeter had a run - scoring groundout in the third , and Stephen Drew added a solo home run in the fourth . Shields ( 12 - 7 ) was charged with six runs and 10 hits in 6 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his past six starts . The Royals have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 10 - 6 since the All-Star break . The Royals have lost five straight and six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 .
DENVER -- Nolan Arenado and the Colorado Rockies did n't have much to celebrate . Arenado hit a two - run homer in the first inning , Michael McKenry added a two - run shot and the Rockies beat the Miami Marlins 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Rockies took a 3 - 0 lead in the first inning against Brad Hand ( 2 - 6 ) , who allowed four runs and seven hits in 4 1 - 3 innings . Hand ( 2 - 6 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 4 1 - 3 innings . He was replaced by Brad Penny , who was activated from the 15 - day disabled list before the game . Brad Hand ( 2 - 6 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 4 1 - 3 innings . The Rockies took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by McKenry and a two - run shot by McKenry . The Marlins took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Arenado , his 21st of the season . The Marlins took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Arenado , his 21st of the season . The Marlins took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Arenado , his 21st of the season . The Marlins took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Arenado , his 21st of the season . The Marlins took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Arenado , his 21st of the season .
NEW YORK -- Derek Jeter did n't want to talk about the New York Yankees . He did n't want to talk about his team 's latest comeback win . Brian McCann hit a three - run homer with two outs in the 10th inning , lifting the Yankees to a 7 - 4 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . The White Sox have lost four of five . David Huff ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 10th inning for the win . Jake Petricka ( 0 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up three runs and two hits in 1 1/3 innings . Conor Gillaspie hit a two - run homer off David Robertson in the top of the ninth to give the White Sox a 3 - 0 lead . Conor Gillaspie hit a two - run homer off David Robertson in the top of the ninth to give the White Sox a 3 - 0 lead . Conor Gillaspie hit a two - run homer off David Robertson in the top of the ninth to make it 4 - 4 . Conor Gillaspie hit a two - run homer off David Robertson in the top of the ninth to make it 4 - 4 . Ichiro Suzuki hit a two - run single off Javy Guerra in the sixth to give the Yankees a 4 - 3 lead . Conor Gillaspie hit a two - run homer off David Robertson in the ninth to make it 4 - 4 . Sale allowed four runs -- all unearned -- and four hits in six - plus innings . He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Conor Gillaspie 's first career leadoff homer , a drive to left - center that landed in the first row of seats in the left - field corner . It was his first career leadoff homer .
PHILADELPHIA -- Matt Holliday 's sacrifice fly in the 12th inning gave the St. Louis Cardinals a 6 - 5 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Friday night . Matt Holliday 's sacrifice fly in the 12th inning gave the Cardinals a 6 - 5 lead . Matt Holliday 's sacrifice fly in the 12th gave the Cardinals a 6 - 5 lead . Seth Maness ( 5 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Trevor Rosenthal pitched the 12th for his 38th save in 43 chances . Ryan Howard homered and Carlos Ruiz had two hits and drove in two runs for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Seth Maness ( 5 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Trevor Rosenthal pitched the 12th for his 38th save in 40 chances . Phillies starter Shelby Miller gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Ruiz 's two - run double . The Cardinals tied it in the fifth when Oscar Taveras doubled and scored on a groundout by Matt Holliday . Buchanan allowed two runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . He walked two and struck out three . Buchanan allowed two runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . He walked two and struck out three . Buchanan allowed two runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out three . Buchanan allowed two runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out three . Buchanan allowed two runs and eight hits in six innings .
LOS ANGELES -- Dan Haren did n't need much run support for the Los Angeles Dodgers . Haren pitched seven innings of three - hit ball , Matt Kemp drove in two runs and the Dodgers beat the New York Mets 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Haren ( 11 - 10 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings , struck out six and did not walk a batter for the first time in his career . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 0.96 ERA in his last five starts . Haren ( 11 - 10 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings , struck out six and did not walk a batter . The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 7.71 ERA in his previous four starts . Haren ( 11 - 10 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings , struck out six and walked none . He also singled in a run in the fifth . Haren ( 11 - 10 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings , struck out six and walked none . He also singled in a run in the fifth . Haren ( 11 - 10 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings , struck out six and did not walk a batter . He also hit an RBI single in the third . The Dodgers took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth when Justin Turner led off with a single and scored on Gordon 's two - out single . The Dodgers took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth when Justin Turner led off with a double and scored on Gordon 's single . The Dodgers tied it in the third when Justin Turner led off with a double and scored on Gordon 's single .
PHILADELPHIA -- Cole Hamels did n't have his best stuff of the season . Hamels allowed three runs in five innings and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Seattle Mariners 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Hamels ( 7 - 6 ) allowed three runs and nine hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked one . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his 30th save in 34 chances . James Paxton ( 3 - 1 ) allowed four runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in four innings . He struck out five and walked two . Paxton ( 3 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in four innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Kendrys Morales ' second - inning homer . The Mariners tied it in the bottom half on Marlon Byrd 's RBI single . The Mariners tied it in the bottom half on Marlon Byrd 's RBI single . The Mariners tied it in the bottom half on Marlon Byrd 's RBI single . The Mariners tied it in the bottom of the inning when Andres Blanco led off with a double and scored on Ben Revere 's single . The Mariners tied it in the bottom half on Marlon Byrd 's RBI single . The Mariners tied it in the bottom of the inning when Andres Blanco led off with a double and scored on Ben Revere 's two - out single . The Mariners tied it in the bottom of the inning when Andres Blanco led off with a double and scored on Ben Revere 's two - out single .
WASHINGTON -- Ian Desmond had a big night at the plate , hitting a three - run double to lead the Washington Nationals to an 8 - 1 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday night . Desmond had three hits and drove in three runs , and Asdrubal Cabrera had three RBIs for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Strasburg ( 10 - 10 ) allowed three hits , struck out four and walked one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Chase Anderson ( 7 - 5 ) gave up six runs and six hits in two - plus innings . Anderson ( 7 - 5 ) gave up six runs and six hits in two - plus innings . He walked three and struck out two . Anderson ( 7 - 5 ) gave up six runs and six hits in two - plus innings . He walked three and struck out two . Anderson ( 7 - 5 ) gave up six runs and six hits in two - plus innings . He walked three and struck out two . Anderson ( 7 - 5 ) gave up six runs and six hits in two - plus innings . He walked three and struck out two . Anderson ( 7 - 5 ) gave up six runs and six hits in two - plus innings . He walked three and struck out two . Anderson ( 7 - 5 ) gave up six runs and six hits in two - plus innings . He walked three and struck out two . Anderson ( 7 - 5 ) allowed six runs and six hits in two - plus innings . He walked three and struck out two .
DENVER -- Aroldis Chapman walked off the mound with the bases loaded and one out in the ninth inning . Corey Dickerson hit a three - run homer off J. J. Hoover to lift the Colorado Rockies to a 10 - 9 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Chapman walked four of his first four batters , then gave up a sacrifice fly to Josh Rutledge and a three - run homer to Drew Stubbs . Chapman walked four of the first four batters he faced before giving up a sacrifice fly to Josh Rutledge and a three - run homer to Drew Stubbs . Rex Brothers ( 4 - 5 ) allowed two runs in the ninth , including Jay Bruce 's three - run homer . Jay Bruce had three hits and drove in three runs for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Jay Bruce had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in three runs for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Rex Brothers ( 4 - 5 ) got the win despite allowing two runs in the ninth . Mat Latos allowed three runs and eight hits in five innings for the Reds . He struck out seven and walked three . Reds starter Mat Latos allowed three runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Reds starter Mat Latos allowed three runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Reds starter Mat Latos allowed three runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Latos gave up three runs and eight hits in five innings .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- The Texas Rangers have been waiting for pinch - hitter Mike Carp to come to the plate in the ninth inning . Carp 's game - winning hit came in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Rangers a 3 - 2 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Friday night . Carp 's first career game - winning hit came with the bases loaded and one out in the ninth . Carp 's single up the middle drove in Adrian Beltre with the winning run . Neftali Feliz ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Huston Street ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and four hits in the ninth . Neftali Feliz ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Texas starter Nick Tepesch gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out one . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Efren Navarro 's RBI single and Efren Navarro 's run - scoring groundout . The Rangers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Efren Navarro 's RBI single and Efren Navarro 's run - scoring groundout . Tepesch allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out one . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Efren Navarro 's RBI single and Efren Navarro 's run - scoring groundout . Tepesch allowed two runs and six hits over seven innings . He walked four and struck out one . Tepesch allowed two runs and six hits over seven innings . He walked four and struck out one .
ST. LOUIS -- The St. Louis Cardinals have been waiting for pinch - hitter Oscar Taveras to come through in the clutch . Taveras hit a go - ahead , pinch - hit single in the eighth inning and the Cardinals beat the San Diego Padres 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Lance Lynn ( 13 - 8 ) allowed one run and six hits in six innings for St. Louis . He struck out six and walked one . Pat Neshek worked the ninth for his fourth save in five chances . Tyson Ross ( 11 - 11 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings for the Padres . He struck out two and walked four . Ross Ross ( 11 - 11 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out two . Ross Ross ( 11 - 11 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out two . Ross Ross ( 11 - 11 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out two . Ross Ross ( 11 - 11 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out two . Ross Ross ( 11 - 11 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out two . Ross Ross ( 11 - 11 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out two . Ross Ross ( 11 - 11 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out two .
MIAMI -- Trevor Cahill has been the Arizona Diamondbacks ' ace . Cahill pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Aaron Hill hit a two - run homer and the Diamondbacks beat the Miami Marlins 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cahill ( 3 - 8 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . Addison Reed worked the ninth for his 29th save . Brad Hand ( 2 - 5 ) allowed three runs and five hits in seven innings for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Hand ( 2 - 5 ) allowed three runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out three , walked two and hit a batter . Hand ( 2 - 5 ) allowed three runs and five hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out three . Hand ( 2 - 5 ) gave up three runs and five hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out three . Hand ( 2 - 5 ) gave up three runs and five hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out three . Hand ( 2 - 5 ) gave up three runs and five hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out three . Hand ( 2 - 5 ) allowed three runs and five hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out three . Hand , who has lost three of his past four starts , allowed three runs and five hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out three . Hand ( 2 - 5 ) allowed three runs and five hits in seven innings .
DETROIT -- Victor Martinez has been a big part of the Detroit Tigers ' late - season surge . Martinez had three hits and three RBIs , Victor Martinez had three hits and three RBIs and the Tigers beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Victor Martinez had three hits and three RBIs , Victor Martinez had three hits and three RBIs and Victor Martinez had three hits and three RBIs for the Tigers . Victor Martinez had three hits and three RBIs , and Victor Martinez had three hits and three RBIs for the Tigers . Blaine Hardy ( 2 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Vance Worley ( 5 - 2 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Ian Kinsler led off with a double and scored on Miguel Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . Miguel Cabrera 's sacrifice fly made it 4 - 3 , and Miguel Cabrera 's sacrifice fly made it 4 - 3 . Miguel Cabrera 's sacrifice fly made it 4 - 3 , and Miguel Cabrera 's sacrifice fly made it 4 - 3 . Miguel Cabrera 's sacrifice fly made it 4 - 3 , and Miguel Cabrera 's sacrifice fly made it 4 - 3 . Martinez 's RBI single made it 4 - 3 , and Miguel Cabrera 's sacrifice fly made it 4 - 3 . Martinez 's RBI single made it 4 - 3 , and Torii Hunter 's RBI single made it 4 - 3 . Castellanos hit a two - run homer in the bottom half to make it 4 - 1 .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres are n't going to have a winning streak . Abraham Almonte hit a go - ahead homer in the sixth inning , Ian Kennedy pitched six strong innings and the Padres beat the Colorado Rockies 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Jedd Gyorko had a career - high four hits and Jedd Gyorko had four hits for the Padres . Ian Kennedy ( 9 - 10 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings , struck out eight and walked two . Joaquin Benoit pitched the ninth for his seventh save in eight chances . Tyler Matzek ( 2 - 8 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked two . The Rockies took a 4 - 3 lead in the fifth on a sacrifice fly by Yasmani Grandal and a sacrifice fly by Yasmani Grandal . Matzek ( 2 - 8 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked two . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Yasmani Grandal 's RBI single . The Rockies tied it at 3 in the fifth on a run - scoring double by Charlie Blackmon and a run - scoring double by Charlie Blackmon . The Rockies tied it at 3 in the fifth on a run - scoring double by Charlie Blackmon and a run - scoring double by Charlie Blackmon . The Rockies tied it at 3 in the fifth on a run - scoring double by Blackmon and a run - scoring double by Charlie Blackmon . The Rockies tied it at 3 in the fifth on a run - scoring double by Charlie Blackmon .
CHICAGO -- Kyle Hendricks did n't need much run support for the Chicago Cubs . Hendricks pitched into the eighth inning and Anthony Rizzo homered to lead the Cubs to a 3 - 0 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Hendricks ( 4 - 1 ) allowed six hits , struck out five and walked one in 7 1/3 innings . Hector Rondon pitched a perfect ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . Wily Peralta ( 14 - 7 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Peralta ( 14 - 7 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Peralta ( 14 - 7 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Peralta ( 14 - 7 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Peralta ( 14 - 7 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Peralta ( 14 - 7 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Peralta ( 14 - 7 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Peralta ( 14 - 7 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Peralta ( 14 - 7 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings .
ATLANTA -- Kevin Correia and the Los Angeles Dodgers are on a roll . Correia pitched six innings of four - hit ball , Carl Crawford had three hits and two RBIs and the Dodgers beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Correia ( 6 - 13 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings , striking out five and walking one . He also singled and scored in the fourth . Correia ( 6 - 13 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings , striking out five and walking one . He also singled and scored in the fourth . Correia ( 6 - 13 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . He also singled and scored in the fourth . Correia ( 6 - 13 ) allowed one run and four hits , struck out five and walked one . He also singled and scored in the fourth . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Freddie Freeman led off with a single , stole second and scored on Evan Gattis ' single . The Braves added two runs in the sixth . Matt Kemp led off with a single , stole second and scored on Adrian Gonzalez 's single . Crawford followed with a run - scoring single to make it 3 - 1 . Teheran gave up nine hits and five runs with two walks and six strikeouts in 7 1/3 innings . He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth . Emilio Bonifacio led off with a double and scored on Evan Gattis ' single .
HOUSTON -- The Texas Rangers are starting to look like a team . Nick Martinez pitched five solid innings , Adrian Beltre homered and the Rangers beat the Houston Astros 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Martinez ( 2 - 8 ) allowed five hits and two runs with six strikeouts in five innings . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 9.00 ERA in his previous four starts . Dallas Keuchel ( 10 - 8 ) gave up six hits and five runs in six innings for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Houston starter Nick Martinez ( 2 - 8 ) allowed five hits and two runs in five innings . He struck out six and walked two . Shawn Mendez and Neftali Feliz each pitched a scoreless inning . Neftali Feliz pitched a perfect ninth , and Neftali Feliz pitched the ninth to complete the three - hitter . Texas starter Dallas Keuchel ( 10 - 8 ) gave up six hits and five runs in six innings . He walked three and struck out four . Houston starter Dallas Keuchel ( 10 - 8 ) allowed six hits and five runs with three walks in six innings . He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . Houston starter Dallas Keuchel ( 10 - 8 ) allowed six hits and five runs in six innings . He walked three and struck out four . Houston starter Dallas Keuchel ( 10 - 8 ) allowed six hits and five runs in six innings . He walked three and struck out four . Houston starter Dallas Keuchel ( 10 - 8 ) allowed six hits and five runs in six innings . He walked three and struck out four .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- The Tampa Bay Rays have been waiting for Sonny Gray to find a way to beat the Oakland Athletics . Kevin Kiermaier hit a two - run homer and Kevin Kiermaier added a two - run shot , leading the Rays to a 7 - 3 victory over the A 's on Tuesday night . Hellickson ( 1 - 1 ) allowed a run and two hits in seven innings , struck out three and did n't allow a walk for the first time this season . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The A 's lost for the fourth time in five games . The A 's have lost four of five . Gray ( 12 - 5 ) gave up 10 hits and four walks in 4 1/3 innings , giving up 10 hits . He walked four and struck out three . Gray ( 12 - 5 ) allowed 10 hits and four walks in 4 1/3 innings , giving up 10 hits . He walked four and struck out three . Desmond Jennings hit a two - run single and Desmond Jennings added a two - run single for the Rays . Gray ( 12 - 5 ) was tagged for a season - high seven runs and 10 hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . The A 's lost for the fourth time in five games and fell to 2 - 5 on their 10 - game West Coast trip . Gray ( 12 - 5 ) was tagged for a season - high seven runs and 10 hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three .
NEW YORK -- Mark Teixeira was n't surprised to see the New York Yankees get off to a fast start . Teixeira hit a go - ahead single in the eighth inning and the Yankees beat the Detroit Tigers 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Chase Headley and Brian McCann also homered for the Yankees , who took two of three from the AL Central leaders . Adam Warren ( 2 - 5 ) pitched 1 1/3 hitless innings for the win . Verlander ( 10 - 10 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Adam Warren ( 2 - 5 ) pitched 1 1/3 hitless innings for the win . Verlander ( 10 - 10 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Verlander ( 10 - 10 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Rajai Davis reached on an error by third baseman Stephen Drew , stole second and scored on Miguel Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . Capuano gave up five hits and one unearned run in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out a season - high eight and walked one . Capuano gave up five hits and one unearned run in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out a season - high eight and walked one . Capuano gave up five hits and one unearned run in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out a season - high eight and walked one . David Huff worked a scoreless eighth for the Yankees .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres had a chance to win it in the bottom of the 12th inning . Will Venable hit a game - ending RBI single with one out , and the Padres rallied for a 3 - 2 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . Yangervis Solarte drew a two - out walk off Craig Kimbrel ( 0 - 3 ) , then Yangervis Solarte hit a 1 - 1 pitch to right - center for the winning hit . Kimbrel ( 0 - 3 ) walked Yangervis Solarte with one out in the 12th , then gave up a single to Rene Rivera and walked pinch - hitter Chris Nelson to load the bases . Kimbrel ( 0 - 3 ) walked pinch - hitter Chris Nelson to load the bases before striking out Seth Smith to end the inning . Kimbrel ( 0 - 3 ) took the loss , allowing one run and two hits in 1 1/3 innings . Tim Stauffer ( 3 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Ervin Santana allowed two runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings , struck out six and walked four . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a double by Chris Johnson . The Braves tied it in the seventh when Rene Rivera hit a leadoff single and scored on Solarte 's two - out single . The Braves tied it in the seventh when Rene Rivera singled , stole second and scored on a two - out single by Solarte . The Braves tied it in the eighth . B. J. Upton drew a leadoff walk , stole second , advanced to third on a sacrifice and scored on Freeman 's single to center .
CLEVELAND -- Indians manager Terry Francona was n't happy with his team 's 2 - 0 win over the Texas Rangers on Tuesday night . Nick Swisher hit a go - ahead single in the sixth inning , Nick Swisher had an RBI single and the Indians beat the Rangers 2 - 0 . Nick Swisher had an RBI single in the sixth and Lonnie Chisenhall had an RBI single in the sixth . Scott Atchison ( 4 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Cody Allen worked the ninth for his 14th save . Miles Mikolas ( 1 - 4 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . Scott Atchison ( 4 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Cody Allen pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 16 chances . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 26 - 21 on the road . The Rangers have lost four of five . Mikolas gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Rangers have lost five of six . Mikolas allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . Mikolas , who had a 7.29 ERA in three starts , allowed three hits and two walks in five innings . House allowed three hits , walked two and struck out seven . House allowed three hits and two walks in five innings . House allowed three hits , walked two and struck out seven . House allowed three hits and two walks in five innings .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Royals manager Ned Yost had no problem with the way he was pitching . Jeremy Guthrie pitched three - hit ball over six innings , Raul Ibanez homered and the Kansas City Royals beat the Oakland Athletics 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Guthrie ( 7 - 9 ) allowed three hits and two walks while striking out six in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . Greg Holland pitched the ninth for his 30th save in 32 chances . Gray ( 12 - 4 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings , struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out the side in the first inning and did n't allow a runner past second base until Ibanez led off the fifth with a home run . Gray ( 12 - 4 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings , struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts and has gone at least six innings in each of his last seven starts . Gray has allowed two earned runs or fewer in six of his last seven starts . The A 's have lost six of their last seven games . Gray ( 12 - 4 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings , struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts and has gone at least six innings in each of his last seven starts . Gray has allowed two earned runs or fewer in six of his last seven starts . The A 's have lost six of their last seven games .
CLEVELAND -- Indians manager Terry Francona was n't happy with his team 's offensive outburst . David Murphy had four hits and drove in three runs , Danny Salazar pitched six strong innings and the Indians beat the Texas Rangers 12 - 2 on Tuesday night . David Murphy had four hits and drove in three runs for the Indians , who have won four of five . Jerome Williams ( 2 - 5 ) gave up 10 runs and 13 hits in four - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last seven starts . Williams ( 2 - 5 ) allowed 10 runs and 13 hits in four - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last seven starts . The Indians have lost four of five . Williams ( 2 - 5 ) was charged with 10 runs and 13 hits in four - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last seven starts . The Indians have lost four of five . Williams ( 2 - 5 ) allowed 10 runs and 13 hits in four - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last seven starts . The Indians have lost four of five . Williams ( 2 - 5 ) gave up 10 runs and 13 hits in four - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last seven starts . The Indians have lost four of five . Williams ( 2 - 5 ) gave up 10 runs and 13 hits in four - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last seven starts .
PHILADELPHIA -- Craig Kimbrel and Craig Kimbrel held on for his major league - leading 47th save . Emilio Bonifacio led off the game with a home run , Emilio Bonifacio also went deep and the Atlanta Braves beat the Philadelphia Phillies 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Hamels ( 9 - 9 ) gave up two runs and three hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Luis Avilan ( 4 - 1 ) pitched two innings to earn the win . Craig Kimbrel struck out the side in the ninth for his major league - leading 47th save in 45 chances . Hamels ( 9 - 9 ) gave up two runs and three hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Luis Avilan ( 4 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Craig Kimbrel struck out the side in the ninth for his major league - leading 47th save in 45 chances . Hamels ( 9 - 9 ) gave up two runs and three hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Phillies jumped on Hamels for two runs in the first . Phil Gosselin drew a one - out walk , stole second and scored on Freddie Freeman 's single to center . Bonifacio hit a leadoff homer in the first and Freddie Freeman had an RBI single in the first . Bonifacio hit a solo shot to left in the first . Freddie Freeman 's RBI single in the first gave the Braves a 2 - 0 lead . Bonifacio led off the game with his second homer of the season . Freddie Freeman 's RBI single made it 2 - 0 .
DETROIT -- Eduardo Escobar had a big night at the plate . Escobar had four hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in a career - high six runs , leading the Minnesota Twins to a 12 - 3 rout of the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Ricky Nolasco ( 6 - 12 ) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings for the Twins , who have won four of five . Kyle Lobstein ( 1 - 2 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Kyle Lobstein ( 1 - 2 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . The Tigers have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Kyle Lobstein ( 1 - 2 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . The Tigers have lost five of six . Detroit has lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Detroit has lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of seven . Detroit has lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of seven . Detroit has lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of seven . Detroit has lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of seven . Detroit has lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of seven . Detroit has lost six of seven .
PHILADELPHIA -- Domonic Brown has been a big part of the Philadelphia Phillies ' late - season surge . Brown hit a go - ahead single in the seventh inning and the Phillies beat the Atlanta Braves 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Phillies have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high seven games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . Luis Garcia ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless seventh to earn the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his 39th save in 43 chances . The Phillies have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his 39th save in 43 chances . Chris Johnson hit a two - run homer for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Luis Garcia ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his 39th save in 43 chances . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Justin Upton 's RBI groundout and Freddie Freeman 's run - scoring single . Chris Johnson hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 4 - 0 . Freddie Freeman 's RBI single in the first gave the Braves a 2 - 0 lead . Johnson hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 4 - 0 . Santana gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Santana gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings .
DETROIT -- Victor Martinez has been a big part of the Detroit Tigers ' late surge . Martinez hit a two - run homer in the first inning , and the Tigers beat the Minnesota Twins 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Max Scherzer ( 18 - 5 ) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings , striking out nine and walking four . Joe Nathan pitched a perfect ninth for his 34th save in 38 chances . Trevor May ( 3 - 6 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Joe Mauer hit a two - run double in the fifth for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer had a two - run double for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer had a two - run double for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer had a two - run double for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer had a two - run double for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer had a two - run double for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer had a two - run double for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer had a two - run double for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer had a two - run double for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer had a two - run double for the Twins , who have lost four of five .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Mike Trout and the Los Angeles Angels are starting to look like a team with the best record in the American League . Hector Santiago pitched shutout ball into the sixth inning and Howie Kendrick drove in three runs , leading the Angels to a 5 - 4 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . Santiago ( 6 - 9 ) allowed three hits , struck out three and walked two in 5 1/3 innings . Huston Street pitched a perfect ninth for his 41st save in as many chances . Jon Lester ( 16 - 11 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the third time this season . The A 's have lost five of six . Oakland has lost six of seven . The A 's have lost five of six . Oakland has lost six of seven . The A 's have lost five of six . Oakland has lost six of seven . The A 's have lost five of six . Oakland has lost six of seven . The A 's have lost five of six . Oakland has lost six of seven . The A 's have lost five of six . Oakland has lost six of seven . The A 's have lost five of six . Oakland has lost six of seven . The A 's have lost five of six . Oakland has lost six of seven . The A 's have lost five of six . Oakland has lost six of seven . The A 's have lost five of six . Oakland has lost six of seven .
CLEVELAND -- Yordano Ventura and the Kansas City Royals are on a roll . Ventura pitched seven innings of four - hit ball , Alex Gordon hit a two - run double and the Royals beat the Cleveland Indians 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Ventura ( 14 - 10 ) allowed four hits , walked four and struck out six . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Ventura ( 14 - 10 ) allowed four hits , walked four and struck out six . The right - hander is 3 - 1 in his last five starts . Danny Salazar ( 6 - 8 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . Salazar ( 6 - 8 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out eight , walked three and threw two wild pitches . The right - hander struck out eight , walked three and threw two wild pitches . The Indians scored an unearned run in the eighth on a double - play grounder .
TORONTO -- R. A. Dickey 's knuckleball was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Dickey pitched seven innings of five - hit ball , Edwin Encarnacion hit a two - run homer and the Toronto Blue Jays beat Felix Hernandez and the Seattle Mariners 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 14 - 12 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out six . Hernandez ( 14 - 6 ) allowed eight runs , four earned , and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out five . Hernandez ( 14 - 6 ) allowed eight runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out five . Hernandez ( 14 - 6 ) allowed eight runs , four earned , and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out five . Hernandez ( 14 - 6 ) allowed eight runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out five . Hernandez ( 14 - 6 ) allowed eight runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out five . Hernandez ( 14 - 6 ) allowed eight runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out five . Hernandez ( 14 - 6 ) allowed eight runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out five . Hernandez ( 14 - 6 ) allowed eight runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out five . Hernandez ( 14 - 6 ) allowed eight runs , four earned , and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out five .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting for Chris Parmelee to come through in a big way . Parmelee hit a go - ahead , two - run single in the second inning and Kyle Gibson pitched seven strong innings to lead the Twins to a 6 - 3 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night . Kyle Gibson ( 13 - 11 ) allowed one run and seven hits in seven innings , striking out eight and walking none . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in his last five starts . Gibson ( 13 - 11 ) gave up one run and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Andrew Chafin ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in three innings for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Arizona starter Zeke Spruill , recalled from Triple-A Reno earlier in the day , gave up four runs and seven hits in four innings in his first major league start . The right - hander was recalled from Triple-A Reno earlier in the day to make his first start of the season . Chafin was called up from Triple-A Reno earlier in the day to make his first start of the season . Spruill allowed four runs and seven hits in three innings . The right - hander was recalled from Triple-A Reno earlier in the day to make his first start of the season . Spruill allowed four runs and seven hits in four innings in his first start of the season . The right - hander was recalled from Triple-A Reno earlier in the day to make his first start of the season .
MIAMI -- Ed Lucas and the rest of the Miami Marlins ' batting order could n't help . Henderson Alvarez pitched into the eighth inning , Ed Lucas drove in the go - ahead run and the Marlins beat the Philadelphia Phillies 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Alvarez ( 12 - 6 ) allowed five hits , walked one and struck out two in 7 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in his past four starts . Steve Cishek pitched the ninth for his 38th save in 41 chances . Cole Hamels ( 9 - 8 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Phillies have lost four of five . Hamels ( 9 - 8 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Phillies have lost six of their past seven games . Hamels ( 9 - 8 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth . Christian Yelich led off with a double and scored on a single by Ed Lucas . Casey McGehee 's sacrifice fly made it 2 - 0 . Hamels allowed two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Jeff Baker singled and scored on a single by Lucas . Casey McGehee 's sacrifice fly made it 2 - 0 . Hamels allowed two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one .
CHICAGO -- Welington Castillo has been a big part of the Chicago Cubs ' postseason hopes . Castillo hit a two - run homer in the second inning , and the Cubs beat the St. Louis Cardinals 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Castillo hit a two - run homer off Shelby Miller in the second inning and added a solo shot in the fifth . Zac Rosscup ( 1 - 0 ) struck out two in a perfect 10th for the win . Matt Holliday hit a two - run homer for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Zac Rosscup ( 1 - 0 ) struck out two in a perfect 10th for the win . Matt Holliday hit a two - run homer for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Zac Rosscup ( 1 - 0 ) struck out two in a perfect 10th for the win . Matt Holliday hit a two - run homer for St. Louis , which has lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . Miller left after 4 1/3 innings , giving up three runs and five hits . He struck out eight and walked two . Miller left after 4 1/3 innings , allowing three runs and five hits . He struck out eight and walked two . Miller left after 4 1/3 innings , allowing three runs and five hits . He struck out eight and walked two . Kyle Hendricks allowed three runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings .
ATLANTA -- Jacob deGrom and the New York Mets are starting to feel good at Turner Field . DeGrom pitched six strong innings , Anthony Recker had three hits and drove in three runs and the Mets beat the Atlanta Braves 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . deGrom ( 9 - 6 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and three hits in six innings . He struck out 10 and walked three . deGrom ( 9 - 6 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and three hits in six innings . He struck out 10 and walked three . deGrom ( 9 - 6 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and three hits in six innings . He struck out 10 and walked three . deGrom ( 9 - 6 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and three hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out a season - high 10 . Ervin Santana ( 14 - 10 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . Santana ( 14 - 10 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out four , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . Santana ( 14 - 10 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Braves scored in the first on Andrelton Simmons ' run - scoring fielder 's choice and Andrelton Simmons ' run - scoring fielder 's choice . The Mets added two more runs in the fourth . Recker had an RBI single and Daniel Murphy drove in a run with a groundout .
NEW YORK -- Jose Bautista and the Toronto Blue Jays did n't have much to celebrate . Bautista hit a tiebreaking homer in the seventh inning , Jose Bautista homered and the Blue Jays beat the New York Yankees 6 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight win . Marcus Stroman ( 11 - 6 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in six innings for the Blue Jays , who have won four of five . Stroman ( 11 - 6 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Casey Janssen got the final two outs for his 24th save in 28 chances . Chris Capuano ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs , five hits and four walks in 5 2/3 innings for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . They have dropped six of seven . Chris Capuano ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs , five hits and four walks in 5 2/3 innings for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Capuano ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out two . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Francisco Cervelli 's RBI single and a run - scoring single by Francisco Cervelli . The Blue Jays put runners on second and third with one out in the third , but Capuano struck out Dalton Pompey and retired Dalton Pompey on a fly to center . Capuano gave up four runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out two .
HOUSTON -- Dustin Ackley has been impressed with the Seattle Mariners . Ackley hit two home runs and drove in three runs , Taijuan Walker pitched effectively into the sixth inning and the Mariners beat the Houston Astros 10 - 5 on Tuesday night . Ackley hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning off Brad Peacock ( 4 - 9 ) and drove in the go - ahead run with a single in the fourth . Ackley hit a three - run homer in the fourth off Brad Peacock ( 4 - 9 ) to make it 8 - 1 . Robinson Cano had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the fourth , and Kyle Seager added a three - run homer off Darin Downs in the fourth to make it 8 - 1 . Ackley hit a solo home run in the third and a three - run shot in the fourth off Brad Peacock ( 4 - 9 ) to make it 8 - 1 . Robinson Cano had three hits and an RBI for the Mariners , who have won three of four . Brad Peacock ( 4 - 9 ) allowed seven runs -- two earned -- and six hits in 3 1/3 innings for Houston . Houston starter Brad Peacock ( 4 - 9 ) gave up seven runs -- two earned -- and six hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out two . Houston starter Brad Peacock ( 4 - 9 ) gave up seven runs -- two earned -- and six hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out two . Houston starter Brad Peacock ( 4 - 9 ) yielded six hits and seven runs -- two earned -- in 3 1/3 innings .
MIAMI -- Gio Gonzalez pitched seven solid innings to help the Washington Nationals beat the Miami Marlins 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Gonzalez ( 9 - 10 ) allowed two runs and six hits . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Gonzalez ( 9 - 10 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Brad Hand ( 3 - 8 ) allowed six runs , five earned , and eight hits in five innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Hand ( 3 - 8 ) allowed six runs , five earned , and eight hits in five innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Nationals scored three runs in the fourth to take a 5 - 1 lead . Ian Desmond hit an RBI double and scored on Jayson Werth 's two - out single to make it 6 - 1 . Hand ( 3 - 8 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Hand , who has lost four of his past five starts , gave up eight hits and six runs in five innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Hand ( 3 - 8 ) allowed six runs , five earned , and eight hits in five innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter .
PITTSBURGH -- Gerrit Cole did n't have his best stuff of the season . Cole pitched seven strong innings and Starling Marte homered to lead the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 3 - 2 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night . Cole ( 10 - 5 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings , striking out seven without a walk . Mark Melancon worked the ninth for his 30th save in 36 opportunities . The Red Sox have lost four of five . Brandon Workman ( 1 - 10 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in five innings with six strikeouts and three walks . The Red Sox have lost four of five . Brandon Workman ( 1 - 10 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in five innings with six strikeouts and three walks . The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Ike Davis ' RBI single and a run - scoring single by Chris Stewart . Workman ( 1 - 10 ) was charged with three runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked three . The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth when Ike Davis hit an RBI single and scored on Ike Davis ' single . Workman ( 1 - 10 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out six . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Ike Davis hit an RBI single and scored on Ike Davis ' single . The Pirates tied it in the third when Vazquez doubled and scored on Xander Bogaerts ' sacrifice fly .
CHICAGO -- Kyle Hendricks did n't need much run support for the Chicago Cubs . Hendricks pitched seven strong innings , Luis Valbuena hit a tiebreaking single in the eighth inning and the Cubs beat the Cincinnati Reds 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Hendricks ( 7 - 2 ) allowed one run and seven hits , struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander has a 2.28 ERA over his last seven starts . Hector Rondon worked the ninth for his 25th save in 31 chances . Daniel Corcino ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and three hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Reds . He struck out six and walked four . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI groundout by Yorman Rodriguez . The Reds took a 2 - 1 lead in the second . Jorge Soler drew a one - out walk and scored on Luis Valbuena 's single . Jorge Soler drew a one - out walk and Jorge Soler walked to load the bases . Chris Valaika followed with a run - scoring single to make it 2 - 1 . The Reds took a 2 - 1 lead in the second . Jorge Soler drew a one - out walk and Jorge Soler drew a one - out walk . Jorge Soler drew a one - out walk and Jorge Soler walked to load the bases . Chris Valaika followed with a run - scoring single to center . The Reds took a 2 - 1 lead in the second . Jorge Soler drew a one - out walk and scored on Luis Valbuena 's single . Jorge Soler drew a one - out walk and scored on Luis Valbuena 's single .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals have been pitching well lately . Yordano Ventura pitched seven innings of three - hit ball , Lorenzo Cain hit a three - run homer and the Royals beat Chris Sale and the Chicago White Sox 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Sale ( 12 - 4 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked two . Sale ( 12 - 4 ) was charged with five runs and nine hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked two . Sale ( 12 - 4 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked two . Sale ( 12 - 4 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked two . Sale ( 12 - 4 ) was charged with five runs , five earned , and nine hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked two . Sale ( 12 - 4 ) was charged with five runs , five earned , and nine hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked two . Sale ( 12 - 4 ) was charged with five runs , five earned , and nine hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked two . The White Sox have lost five of six . Sale ( 12 - 4 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked two . The White Sox have lost five of six . Sale ( 12 - 4 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked two .
PITTSBURGH -- The Boston Red Sox have lost five of their last six games . Francisco Liriano pitched six strong innings , Ike Davis hit a three - run homer and the Pirates beat the Boston Red Sox 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Neil Walker and Ike Davis also homered for the Pirates , who have won four of five . Liriano ( 6 - 10 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings , striking out two and walking five . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts and is 3 - 0 in his last five starts . Liriano ( 6 - 10 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings , walking five and striking out two . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in his last five starts and is 3 - 0 in his last five starts . Jeanmar Gomez pitched a perfect seventh , and Jeanmar Gomez worked the ninth to complete the five - hitter . The Red Sox have lost five of their last six games . The Red Sox have lost five of their last six games . The Red Sox have lost five of their last six games . The Red Sox have lost five of their last six games . The Red Sox have lost five of their last six games . The Red Sox have lost five of their last six games . The Red Sox have lost five of their last six games . The Red Sox have lost five of their last six games . The Red Sox have lost five of their last six games . The Red Sox have lost five of their last six games . The Red Sox have lost five of their last six games . The Red Sox have lost five of their last six games .
SAN DIEGO -- Andrew Cashner threw a two - hitter for his first career shutout , and the San Diego Padres beat the Philadelphia Phillies 1 - 0 on Wednesday night . Cashner ( 4 - 7 ) struck out seven and walked one . He threw 68 of 92 pitches for strikes . Cashner ( 4 - 7 ) struck out seven and walked one . He threw 68 of 92 pitches for strikes . Cashner ( 4 - 7 ) struck out seven and walked one . He threw 68 of 92 pitches for strikes . Cashner ( 4 - 7 ) struck out seven and walked one . He threw 68 of 92 pitches for strikes . Cashner ( 4 - 7 ) allowed two hits , walked one and struck out seven . He threw 68 of 92 pitches for strikes . Williams ( 5 - 7 ) allowed one unearned run and three hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . Williams ( 5 - 7 ) allowed one unearned run and three hits in 7 2/3 innings , struck out six and walked two . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . Williams ( 5 - 7 ) allowed one unearned run and three hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . Williams ( 5 - 7 ) allowed one unearned run and three hits in 7 2/3 innings , struck out six and walked two . The right - hander is winless in his last three starts .
NEW YORK -- The Miami Marlins have been waiting for a lot to celebrate this season . Jordany Valdespin hit a go - ahead , two - run single in the eighth inning , and the Marlins beat the New York Mets 6 - 5 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight win . Jordany Valdespin hit a tying , two - run single off Jeurys Familia ( 2 - 5 ) , and Adeiny Hechavarria had a tying two - run single off Jeurys Familia ( 2 - 5 ) . Sam Dyson ( 3 - 1 ) got one out for the win and Steve Cishek pitched a perfect ninth for his 36th save in 38 chances . New York lost for the sixth time in seven games and fell to 1 - 6 on a 10 - game road trip that began with a three - game sweep of the New York Mets . Sam Dyson ( 3 - 1 ) got one out for the win , and Steve Cishek pitched a perfect ninth for his 36th save in 38 chances . New York lost for the sixth time in seven games and fell to 1 - 6 on a 10 - game road trip that began with a three - game sweep of the New York Mets . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York lost for just the second time in eight games . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost four of five . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost four of five . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven .
PHOENIX -- Mark Trumbo and the Arizona Diamondbacks are on a roll . Trumbo hit a grand slam and drove in five runs , Wade Miley pitched seven strong innings and the Diamondbacks beat the San Francisco Giants 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Trumbo hit a grand slam in the third inning off Ryan Vogelsong ( 8 - 11 ) , who allowed four runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . Vogelsong ( 8 - 11 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . Vogelsong ( 8 - 11 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . Vogelsong ( 8 - 11 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . Vogelsong ( 8 - 11 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . Vogelsong ( 8 - 11 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . Vogelsong ( 8 - 11 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . Vogelsong ( 8 - 11 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . Vogelsong ( 8 - 11 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . Vogelsong ( 8 - 11 ) allowed four runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals have been waiting for Jeremy Guthrie to find a way to beat the Boston Red Sox . Guthrie pitched eight strong innings , Omar Infante had three hits and two RBIs , and the Royals beat the Red Sox 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Guthrie ( 11 - 11 ) allowed an unearned run and three hits in eight innings . He struck out two and walked one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in four career starts against Boston . Rubby De La Rosa ( 4 - 7 ) took the loss , allowing five runs and six hits in four innings . Rubby De La Rosa ( 4 - 7 ) took the loss , allowing five runs and six hits in four innings . Rubby De La Rosa ( 4 - 7 ) gave up five runs and six hits in four - plus innings . Rubby De La Rosa ( 4 - 7 ) was charged with five runs and six hits in four - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his past five starts . The Red Sox scored an unearned run in the third on a sacrifice fly by Yoenis Cespedes . The Red Sox scored an unearned run in the third when Mookie Betts reached on an error by third baseman Mike Moustakas , stole second and scored on Yoenis Cespedes ' sacrifice fly . The Red Sox scored an unearned run in the third when Mookie Betts reached on a fielding error by third baseman Mike Moustakas and scored on Yoenis Cespedes ' sacrifice fly . Gordon led off the Royals ' fourth with a single , stole second and scored on Infante 's double .
PHILADELPHIA -- Francisco Liriano has been a big part of the Pittsburgh Pirates ' rotation . Liriano struck out a career - high 12 in eight scoreless innings , and the Pirates beat the Philadelphia Phillies 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Liriano ( 5 - 10 ) allowed four hits , walked two and struck out a season - high 12 . Mark Melancon worked the ninth for his 29th save in 34 chances . Burnett ( 8 - 16 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Burnett ( 8 - 16 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Burnett ( 8 - 16 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . The Phillies have lost four of five . Burnett ( 8 - 16 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . The Phillies have lost six of eight . The Phillies have lost four of five . Philadelphia has lost four of five . Burnett ( 8 - 16 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Andrew McCutchen led off with a double to right and scored on Russell Martin 's sacrifice fly . Ike Davis followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 0 . Ike Davis followed with an RBI single to make it 4 - 0 . Burnett allowed four runs and six hits in six innings .
SEATTLE -- Collin McHugh did n't have his best stuff . McHugh pitched eight innings of two - hit ball , and the Houston Astros beat the Seattle Mariners 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . McHugh ( 9 - 9 ) allowed one run and two hits in eight innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Josh Fields pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save in five chances . McHugh ( 9 - 9 ) allowed one run and two hits in eight innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Josh Fields pitched the ninth for his fourth save in five chances . McHugh ( 9 - 9 ) allowed one run and two hits in eight innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Josh Fields pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save in five chances . Seattle starter Roenis Elias gave up one run and six hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out four . Seattle starter Roenis Elias gave up one run and six hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out four . Seattle starter Roenis Elias gave up one run and six hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out four . Seattle starter Roenis Elias gave up one run and six hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out four . Seattle starter Roenis Elias gave up one run and six hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out four . Elias gave up one run and six hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out four . Elias allowed one run and six hits in six innings .
PHILADELPHIA -- Freddy Galvis has been a big reason for the Philadelphia Phillies . Galvis had three hits , including a homer , and drove in three runs to lead the Phillies to a 4 - 3 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Galvis had three hits and scored three runs , and Freddy Galvis had three hits and scored three runs . Galvis had three hits , including a solo homer in the fifth that tied it at 3 . Galvis had three hits and scored three runs . Galvis had three hits and scored three runs . Justin De Fratus ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless seventh to earn the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his 36th save in 39 chances . Justin De Fratus ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless seventh to earn the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his 36th save in 39 chances . Justin De Fratus ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless seventh to earn the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his 36th save in 39 chances . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Chase Utley 's RBI single . The Phillies tied it at 3 in the bottom of the inning . Galvis led off with a double and scored on Franco 's single to right . The Pirates tied it at 3 in the fifth on Franco 's RBI single . The Phillies tied it at 3 in the fifth on a solo homer by Galvis . The Phillies tied it at 3 in the fifth on Franco 's RBI single . The Phillies tied it at 3 in the fifth on Franco 's RBI single .
SEATTLE -- Brad Miller has been a big part of the Seattle Mariners ' late - season surge . Miller hit a tiebreaking two - run triple in the eighth inning and the Mariners beat the Houston Astros 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Miller ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth and Fernando Rodney got three outs for his major league - leading 44th save in 45 chances . Mike Foltynewicz ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and one hit in one - third of an inning . Danny Farquhar ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 44th save in as many chances . He allowed a single to Robbie Grossman and a walk to Chris Carter before striking out Marwin Gonzalez to end the game . Seattle starter Brad Peacock allowed four hits in five scoreless innings , striking out six and walking two . He was replaced by Jorge De La Rosa , who gave up a two - run triple to Miller in the eighth to make it 3 - 1 . Kevin Chapman gave up a run - scoring single to Miller in the eighth to make it 4 - 1 . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 44th save . He gave up a one - out single to Marwin Gonzalez and walked Jon Singleton to load the bases . Jose Altuve 's sacrifice fly made it 4 - 1 . Hernandez allowed five hits , struck out eight and walked four in six innings . He has allowed two earned runs or fewer in each of his last five starts . Hernandez allowed five hits , struck out eight and walked four .
CHICAGO -- Gerrit Cole gave the Pittsburgh Pirates a rare win over the Chicago Cubs . Cole pitched six innings , Neil Walker and Neil Walker homered and the Pirates beat the Cubs 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . Cole ( 8 - 5 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and nine hits in six - plus innings . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Neil Walker had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Neil Walker had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Gaby Sanchez had three hits and drove in a run for the Pirates , who have won four of five . Travis Wood ( 8 - 12 ) lasted just 1 2/3 innings , giving up seven runs and nine hits . He was tagged for seven runs and nine hits , including three homers , in 1 2/3 innings . Wood ( 8 - 12 ) was tagged for seven runs and nine hits in 1 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander was tagged for seven runs and nine hits , including three homers , in 1 2/3 innings . Wood ( 8 - 12 ) was tagged for seven runs and nine hits in 1 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander was tagged for seven runs and nine hits , including three homers , in 1 2/3 innings . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games . The Cubs have lost five of their last six games and have dropped five of six . Wood ( 8 - 12 ) was tagged for seven runs and nine hits in 1 2/3 innings . He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Tampa Bay Rays took advantage of an error by shortstop Ryan Flaherty in the ninth inning to beat the Baltimore Orioles 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Wil Myers drove in the winning run with a two - out single off Brad Brach ( 5 - 1 ) in the ninth . Brad Boxberger ( 5 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Brad Boxberger ( 5 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Brad Boxberger ( 5 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Baltimore starter Kevin Gausman gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked four . The Orioles took a 2 - 1 lead on Evan Longoria 's sacrifice fly in the third . The Orioles tied it at 2 in the eighth on Nelson Cruz 's RBI single off Joel Peralta . The Orioles took a 2 - 1 lead on Evan Longoria 's sacrifice fly in the third . The Orioles tied it at 2 in the eighth on Nelson Cruz 's RBI single off Joel Peralta . Baltimore starter Kevin Gausman gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Gausman gave up five hits and two earned runs over seven innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Gausman gave up five hits and two earned runs over seven innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Gausman allowed two runs and five hits over seven innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Gausman allowed two runs and five hits over seven innings . He struck out seven and walked four .
CINCINNATI -- Johnny Cueto has been a big part of the Cincinnati Reds ' rotation . Cueto pitched seven innings of six - hit ball , Todd Frazier homered and the Reds beat the New York Mets 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Cueto ( 17 - 8 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings , striking out eight and walking two . Aroldis Chapman got four outs for his 30th save in 34 chances , completing a six - hitter . He walked two , hit a batter and threw a wild pitch , allowing Travis d'Arnaud 's two - out single in the ninth . Chapman struck out Matt den Dekker to end it . Dillon Gee ( 6 - 7 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings for the Mets , who have lost four of five . The Mets have lost six of their last seven games . The Mets have lost six of their last seven games . The Mets have lost six of their last seven games . The Mets have lost five of their last six games . The Mets have lost five of their last six games . The Mets have lost five of their last six games . The Mets have lost five of their last six games . The Mets have lost five of their last six games . The Mets have lost five of their last six games . They 've scored only seven runs in their last five games . The Mets have lost five of their last six games . The Mets have lost five of their last six games . The Mets have lost five of their last six games . The Mets have lost six of their last seven .
ST. LOUIS -- The St. Louis Cardinals are starting to feel good at the plate . Carlos Martinez pitched six strong innings and the Cardinals beat the Philadelphia Phillies 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Martinez ( 3 - 0 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked three . Trevor Rosenthal earned his eighth save in eight chances . Aaron Harang ( 2 - 2 ) allowed five runs and nine hits in six innings for the Phillies . He struck out six and walked one . Harang ( 2 - 2 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Harang ( 2 - 2 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Harang ( 2 - 2 ) allowed five runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . Harang ( 2 - 2 ) allowed five runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six , walked one and hit a batter . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Jhonny Peralta . The Cardinals took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on Odubel Herrera 's RBI single and Odubel Herrera 's run - scoring single . The Cardinals had runners on first and second with one out in the fifth , but Martinez struck out Jeff Francoeur to end the inning . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Matt Carpenter 's RBI single .
MIAMI -- Rafael Montero did n't make it out of the sixth inning in his first start of the season , and the Miami Marlins rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the New York Mets on Friday night . Michael Morse singled home the go - ahead run in the eighth inning , and Steve Cishek pitched a scoreless ninth for his second save in three chances . The Mets have lost five of their past six games , and they fell to 0 - 6 on their homestand . The Mets have lost four of five . The Mets have lost four of five . The Mets have lost four of five . The Mets have lost four of five . The Mets have lost four of five . The Mets have lost four of five . The Mets scored three runs in the sixth to take a 3 - 0 lead . Marcell Ozuna led off with a double and scored on Michael Morse 's single . Michael Morse followed with an RBI single , and Michael Morse followed with an RBI single . Bryan Morris ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . Steve Cishek pitched a scoreless ninth for his second save in three chances . The Mets have lost six of their past seven games . The Mets scored three runs in the sixth to take a 3 - 0 lead . Marcell Ozuna led off with a double and scored on Michael Morse 's single . Michael Morse followed with an RBI single , and Michael Morse 's RBI single put the Marlins ahead 2 - 0 . Michael Morse 's RBI single put the Marlins ahead 2 - 0 . Michael Morse 's RBI single put the Marlins ahead 2 - 0 . Michael Morse 's RBI single put the Marlins ahead 2 - 0 . Michael Morse 's RBI single put the Marlins ahead 2 - 0 . Michael Morse 's RBI single put the Marlins ahead 2 - 0 . Michael Morse followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 0 .
BALTIMORE -- Boston Red Sox manager John Farrell was happy to see the Boston Red Sox get a win . David Ortiz hit a three - run homer , Hanley Ramirez also connected and the Red Sox beat the Baltimore Orioles 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . David Ortiz hit a three - run homer and Hanley Ramirez also connected for the Red Sox , who have won three straight and five of six . The Red Sox trailed 4 - 4 in the eighth before Brian Matusz ( 0 - 2 ) walked Pablo Sandoval and Mookie Betts to start the inning . Holt followed with a three - run drive off Darren O'Day for a 7 - 4 lead . Alexi Ogando ( 1 - 0 ) pitched one - third of an inning for the win . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth for his third save . Jimmy Paredes hit a two - run homer and Chris Davis also connected for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore starter Rick Porcello gave up four runs and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Baltimore starter Rick Porcello allowed four runs and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Orioles starter Rick Porcello gave up four runs and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Baltimore starter Rick Porcello gave up four runs and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Baltimore starter Rick Porcello allowed four runs and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out seven and walked two .
TORONTO -- The Toronto Blue Jays have n't had much success against the Baltimore Orioles this season . Josh Donaldson hit a two - run homer , Drew Hutchison won for the first time in three starts and the Blue Jays beat the Orioles 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Hutchison ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and four hits in eight innings . He walked none and struck out seven . Miguel Castro got the final three outs for his fourth save in four chances . Manny Machado hit two solo home runs and Adam Jones had two hits for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Tillman ( 2 - 2 ) allowed seven runs and five hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out three . The Blue Jays have won three straight and four of five . Machado hit a two - run homer in the ninth , his first of the season and second in two games . He also hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning of Tuesday 's 3 - 1 win over Baltimore . Machado hit a two - run homer in the ninth for his first multihomer game of the season . The Blue Jays have won three straight and four of five . Machado hit a two - run homer in the ninth , his first of the season . He also hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning of Tuesday 's 3 - 2 win over the New York Yankees . Machado hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Castro , who got his fourth save in four chances . Machado hit a two - out , two - run homer in the ninth , his first of the season . He also hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning of Tuesday 's 3 - 1 win over Baltimore .
CHICAGO -- Kendrys Morales ' two - out , two - run single in the first inning gave the Kansas City Royals a 3 - 2 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Friday night . Morales ' two - out , two - run single off Jake Petricka ( 0 - 1 ) gave the Royals a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning . The Royals tied it in the fifth on Jose Abreu 's RBI single , but the Royals tied it in the fifth on Jose Abreu 's two - out RBI double . Franklin Morales ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 13th to earn the win . Wade Davis pitched the 13th for his fourth save in four chances . The White Sox lost for just the second time in 10 games . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost four of five . Sale allowed two runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out two and walked one . Chicago starter Yordano Ventura allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Wade Davis pitched the 13th for his fourth save in as many chances . Sale allowed two runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out two and walked one . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out , two - run single by Kendrys Morales . The Royals tied it in the fourth on Jose Abreu 's RBI single and a run - scoring double by Alexei Ramirez . The Royals tied it in the fifth on Abreu 's two - out RBI double .
SEATTLE -- When J. A. Happ was pitching well , the Seattle Mariners needed him to get a win . Happ pitched into the eighth inning , Mike Zunino and Mike Zunino homered and the Mariners beat the Houston Astros 3 - 2 on Wednesday night . Happ ( 1 - 1 ) allowed eight hits and two runs in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Happ ( 1 - 1 ) allowed eight hits and two runs in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his fourth save in five chances . He allowed a two - out double to Jose Altuve and an RBI single to Jose Altuve before retiring George Springer on a fly ball to end the game . Roberto Hernandez ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings for the Astros . He struck out two and walked one . Houston starter Roberto Hernandez ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out two and walked one . The Astros have lost five of six . The Astros have lost five of seven . Houston starter Roberto Hernandez ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out two and walked one . The Astros have lost five of six . Houston 's Chris Carter hit his first homer of the season in the seventh inning . He also hit a solo home run in the ninth inning of Tuesday 's 4 - 3 win over the Astros . The Astros have lost five of seven .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Mike Pelfrey was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Pelfrey pitched seven scoreless innings , Oswaldo Arcia hit an RBI single and the Minnesota Twins beat the Kansas City Royals 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Pelfrey ( 1 - 0 ) allowed five hits , walked two and struck out four . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in three starts against the Royals this season . Glen Perkins pitched a perfect ninth for his third save in three chances . Jeremy Guthrie ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and six hits in five innings for the Royals . He walked six and struck out three . Guthrie ( 1 - 1 ) was charged with three runs and six hits in five innings . He walked six and struck out three . The Royals have lost six of their last seven games . The Royals were shut out for the third time this season . The Royals were shut out for the third time this season . The Royals were shut out for the third time this season . The Royals were shut out for the third time this season . The Royals were shut out for the third time this season . The Royals were shut out for the third time this season . The Royals were shut out for the third time this season . The Royals were shut out for the third time this season . The Royals were shut out for the third time this season . The Royals were shut out for the third time this season . The Royals were shut out for the third time this season . The Royals were shut out for the third time this season .
TORONTO -- The Toronto Blue Jays are starting to look like a team . Edwin Encarnacion hit two home runs , Ryan Goins drove in three runs and the Blue Jays beat the Baltimore Orioles 13 - 6 on Tuesday night . Josh Donaldson had three hits and scored three times for the Blue Jays , who won for just the second time in nine games . The Blue Jays have won three of four and have the worst record in the AL . The Blue Jays have won five of their past six games and have not scored more than three runs in any of their past five games . Jose Bautista hit a two - run homer and Dalton Pompey had three hits and scored three times for the Blue Jays , who won for just the second time in 10 games . Toronto has won three straight and six of seven . The Blue Jays have won three straight and six of seven . The Blue Jays have won five of their past six games and have not scored more than three runs in any of their past five games . Jose Bautista hit a two - run homer and Dalton Pompey had three hits and scored three runs for the Blue Jays , who won for just the second time in 10 games . Toronto has won four of five . Mark Buehrle ( 3 - 0 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out two . The Blue Jays jumped on Bud Norris ( 0 - 2 ) in the second . Encarnacion led off with a drive to right , his second of the season and second in two days . Jose Reyes followed with a run - scoring fielder 's choice , and Jose Reyes followed with a two - run single . Norris ( 0 - 2 ) allowed a season - high nine runs , six hits and three walks in 2 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two .
PITTSBURGH -- Gerrit Cole did n't need much run support for the Pittsburgh Pirates . Cole pitched six effective innings and Pedro Alvarez homered to lead the Pirates to a 5 - 2 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Cole ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in six innings , striking out six and walking one . Mark Melancon pitched a scoreless ninth for his second save . Matt Garza ( 1 - 2 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings for the Brewers , who have lost three of four . Garza ( 1 - 2 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings , walking three and striking out three . The Brewers have lost five of their past six games . Garza ( 1 - 2 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked three . The Brewers have lost four of five . Garza , who had won his previous three starts , gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked three . The Brewers have lost five of their past six games . Garza , who had won his previous three starts , gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked three . The Brewers have lost five of their past six games . Garza gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings , walking three and striking out three . The Brewers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning . Gregory Polanco led off with a double and scored on Andrew McCutchen 's single . Andrew McCutchen 's RBI single made it 2 - 0 .
HOUSTON -- Scott Feldman has been a big part of the Houston Astros ' rotation . Feldman pitched six innings of six - hit ball , Luis Valbuena hit a two - run homer and the Astros beat the Los Angeles Angels 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Feldman ( 1 - 2 ) allowed two runs and six hits with three strikeouts in six innings to earn his first win with the Astros . Luke Gregerson pitched a perfect ninth for his second save . Garrett Richards ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and five hits in five innings for Los Angeles . He struck out four and walked four . Richards ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and five hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked four . Richards ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and five hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked four . Richards ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and five hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked four . Richards ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and five hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked four . Richards ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and five hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked four . Richards ( 0 - 1 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- and five hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked four .
ST. LOUIS -- Carlos Martinez is making a spot start for the St. Louis Cardinals . Martinez allowed one run and three hits in six innings , Jason Heyward and Jason Heyward homered and the Cardinals beat the Cincinnati Reds 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Martinez ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . Zack Cozart and Zack Cozart hit back - to - back homers in the fifth to give the Reds a 3 - 1 lead . Martinez ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . Trevor Rosenthal earned his fourth save in four chances . Homer Bailey ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Zack Cozart and Zack Cozart hit back - to - back home runs in the fifth to give the Reds a 3 - 1 lead . Zack Cozart and Zack Cozart hit back - to - back home runs in the fifth to give the Reds a 3 - 1 lead . It was Cozart 's third homer of the season and second in two games . It was Cozart 's first homer of the season , a solo shot in the fifth that made it 2 - 0 . Heyward 's homer in the third gave St. Louis a 2 - 0 lead . The Reds made it 3 - 0 in the fourth when Matt Adams doubled in Jon Jay with the go - ahead run . Heyward 's homer in the third made it 2 - 0 .
SAN DIEGO -- Padres manager Bud Black was n't going to use Craig Kimbrel in the ninth inning . Kimbrel struck out two in a scoreless ninth for his third save in three chances and the Padres beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Justin Upton hit a solo homer off Randall Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) with two outs in the eighth to give the Padres a 3 - 2 lead . Joaquin Benoit ( 3 - 0 ) pitched one inning for the win . Craig Kimbrel struck out two in a scoreless ninth for his third save in three chances . Arizona starter Chase Anderson allowed two runs and eight hits in six innings , struck out five and walked one . Arizona starter Chase Anderson gave up two runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Arizona starter Chase Anderson allowed two runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Arizona starter Chase Anderson gave up two runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Anderson allowed two runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Anderson allowed two runs and eight hits in six innings , struck out five and walked one . Anderson allowed two runs and eight hits in six innings , struck out five and walked one . Anderson allowed two runs and eight hits in six innings , struck out five and walked one . Anderson allowed two runs and eight hits in six innings , struck out five and walked one . Anderson allowed two runs and eight hits in six innings .
CLEVELAND -- Trevor Bauer did n't have his best stuff . Bauer pitched six innings of four - hit ball , Lonnie Chisenhall had two hits and two RBIs and the Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago White Sox 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Bauer ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six - plus innings . He struck out eight and walked four . Cody Allen pitched the ninth for his second save . John Danks ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . Danks ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . Danks ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . The White Sox have lost four of five . Danks ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . The White Sox have lost four of five . Danks was charged with four runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . The White Sox had runners on first and third with one out in the third , but Danks got Carlos Santana to ground into a double play . The White Sox loaded the bases with one out in the third , but Danks got Carlos Santana to ground into a double play and struck out Mike Aviles . The White Sox loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but Bauer struck out Jose Abreu and got Adam Eaton to fly out .
CHICAGO -- Jorge Soler and the rest of the Chicago Cubs ' lineup did n't help . Soler homered twice and drove in four runs , Jorge Soler homered twice and drove in four runs , and the Cubs rallied for a 7 - 6 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Soler , who hit a two - run homer in the first inning , hit a two - run shot in the eighth off Jumbo Diaz to tie the game at 6 - 6 . He also hit a two - run homer in the first inning , then added a solo shot in the sixth . Soler also had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth . Hector Rondon ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . The Reds have lost four of five . Hector Rondon ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . The Reds have lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost seven of their last nine games . The Reds have lost seven of their last nine games . The Reds have lost seven of their last nine games . The Reds have lost seven of their last nine games . The Reds have lost seven of their last nine games . The Reds have lost seven of their last nine games . The Reds took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on Todd Frazier 's RBI double and Zack Cozart 's run - scoring single . Zack Cozart 's RBI single gave the Reds a 3 - 0 lead in the first . The Reds tied it in the bottom of the first on a two - run homer by Soler and an RBI single by Arismendy Alcantara .
CLEVELAND -- Miguel Cabrera and the rest of the Detroit Tigers are starting to look like a team . Cabrera homered twice and drove in four runs , Kyle Lobstein earned his first major league win and the Tigers beat the Cleveland Indians 8 - 5 on Tuesday night . Lobstein ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three runs and eight hits over five innings in his first major league start . Joakim Soria pitched a perfect ninth for his second save in two chances . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first , a two - run single in the second and a solo homer in the fourth . He also had a two - run single in the second and a solo homer in the fourth . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first , a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . He also had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first off TJ Marcum , who allowed three hits and three walks in five innings . House ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and six hits over 1 1/3 innings in his first start of the season . House ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 1 1/3 innings . The right - hander was recalled from Triple-A Columbus before the game . House ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 1 1/3 innings . The right - hander was recalled from Triple-A Columbus before the game to make his first start of the season .
CLEVELAND -- Detroit Tigers manager Jim Leyland is n't worried about his team 's recent success . The Tigers have n't been able to do much better against the Cleveland Indians this season . Nicholas Castellanos hit a two - run homer and Jose Iglesias had three hits , including an RBI triple , and the Tigers beat the Indians 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Yoenis Cespedes had three hits and scored twice , and Jose Iglesias had three hits and drove in a run for the Tigers , who won for just the third time in 10 games . Detroit has won four straight and seven of eight . The Tigers have lost six of seven and are a season - high seven games under .500 . Alfredo Simon ( 1 - 0 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . Joakim Soria got the final out in the ninth for his first save . Zach McAllister ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs and 13 hits in four - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in four starts since being recalled from Triple-A Columbus on April 15 . The Indians scored three runs in the sixth to make it 5 - 3 . Michael Bourn led off with a double and scored on Michael Brantley 's one - out single . Carlos Santana 's RBI single cut the lead to 5 - 3 . Brandon Moss ' RBI single cut it to 5 - 3 in the sixth . Brandon Moss ' RBI double cut the lead to 5 - 3 in the sixth . Brandon Moss ' RBI double cut the lead to 5 - 3 in the sixth . Brandon Moss ' RBI double cut the lead to 5 - 3 in the sixth . Brandon Moss ' RBI single cut it to 5 - 3 in the sixth .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Nick Martinez did n't have his best stuff of the season . The right - hander pitched seven scoreless innings for his first major league win , Shin-Soo Choo hit a three - run homer and the Texas Rangers beat the Oakland Athletics 10 - 1 on Tuesday night . Martinez ( 1 - 0 ) allowed four hits and struck out five in seven innings . He was called up from Triple-A Sacramento earlier in the day to make his first start of the season . Graveman ( 0 - 1 ) allowed eight runs and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out one . Graveman was charged with eight runs -- seven earned -- and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out one . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season .
CHICAGO -- Jake Arrieta did n't allow a hit until Matt Holliday 's two - out single in the seventh inning , and the Chicago Cubs beat the St. Louis Cardinals 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Arrieta ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three hits , walked three and struck out seven in seven innings . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.99 ERA in his last three starts . Hector Rondon pitched a perfect ninth for his first save . Lynn ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and two hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Lynn ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and two hits in six - plus innings . He struck out nine and walked one . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh when Anthony Rizzo was hit by a pitch , stole second and scored on Miguel Montero 's sacrifice fly . Lynn ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and two hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked one . The Cardinals have lost six of their last seven games and have been shut out three times in their past two games . The Cardinals have lost six of their last seven games and have scored only one run in their past two games . Lynn , who had won his previous two starts , struck out nine and gave up two runs -- one earned -- and two hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Lynn 's nine strikeouts were one shy of his career high .
HOUSTON -- Carlos Carrasco was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Carrasco struck out a career - high 10 in 6 1/3 innings , Carlos Santana homered to lead the Cleveland Indians to a 2 - 0 win over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . Carrasco ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three hits and struck out a career - high 10 in 6 1/3 innings . Cody Allen pitched a perfect ninth for his first save . Scott Feldman ( 0 - 1 ) allowed five hits and one run in 6 2/3 innings for the Astros . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Feldman ( 0 - 1 ) allowed five hits and one run in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Houston 's Scott Feldman ( 0 - 1 ) allowed five hits and one run in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and did n't allow a runner past second base . Houston 's Jed Lowrie had two hits for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Feldman ( 0 - 1 ) allowed five hits and one run in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Houston 's Jed Lowrie had two hits for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Houston starter Scott Feldman ( 0 - 1 ) allowed five hits and one run in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and did n't allow a runner past second base . Houston 's Jed Lowrie had two hits for the Astros , who have lost four of five .
CHICAGO -- Adam Wainwright and the St. Louis Cardinals did n't need much offense to beat the Chicago Cubs . Wainwright pitched six scoreless innings and Matt Holliday hit a pair of RBI singles to lead the Cardinals to a 3 - 0 victory over the Cubs on Tuesday night . Wainwright ( 1 - 0 ) allowed five hits and struck out six in his first start of the season . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Jon Lester ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . Lester ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Cubs were shut out for the first time this season . The Cubs were shut out for the first time this season . The Cubs were shut out for the first time this season . The Cubs were shut out for the first time this season . The Cubs were shut out for the first time this season . The Cubs were shut out for the first time this season . The Cubs were shut out for the first time this season . The Cubs were shut out for the first time this season . The Cubs were shut out for the first time this season . The Cubs were shut out for the first time this season . The Cubs were shut out for the first time this season . The Cubs were shut out for the first time this season . The Cubs were shut out for the first time this season . The Cubs were shut out for the first time this season .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- David Price did n't have his best stuff of the season , but it was n't enough to keep the Detroit Tigers in the AL West race . Johnny Giavotella hit a tiebreaking two - run single in the eighth inning , and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Tigers 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Price ( 4 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings , striking out six and walking four . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 5.40 ERA in his last four starts . Joe Smith ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth , and Huston Street pitched a perfect ninth for his 17th save in 21 chances . Price ( 4 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked four . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on James McCann 's sacrifice fly , but the Angels tied it in the sixth on James McCann 's sacrifice fly and James McCann 's sacrifice fly . The Angels tied it in the sixth on James McCann 's sacrifice fly and James McCann 's sacrifice fly . The Angels tied it in the sixth on James McCann 's sacrifice fly and James McCann 's sacrifice fly . The Angels tied it in the sixth on James McCann 's sacrifice fly and James McCann 's sacrifice fly . The Angels tied it in the sixth on James McCann 's sacrifice fly , and James McCann 's sacrifice fly in the sixth gave the Tigers a 2 - 1 lead .
SEATTLE -- Corey Kluber is pitching like a Cy Young Award winner . Kluber struck out a season - high 13 in seven innings , Brandon Moss hit a solo homer and the Cleveland Indians beat the Seattle Mariners 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Kluber ( 3 - 5 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out 13 and walked one . Cody Allen pitched a perfect ninth for his 10th save in as many chances . James Paxton ( 3 - 3 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings for the Mariners . He struck out four and walked one . Paxton ( 3 - 3 ) allowed four runs , three earned , and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Mariners have lost five of their past six games . Paxton ( 3 - 3 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Mariners have lost five of their past six games . Paxton ( 3 - 3 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Mariners have lost five of their past six games . The Mariners have scored three runs or fewer in five of their past six games . Paxton allowed four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Mariners threatened in the eighth , loading the bases with one out . But Kyle Seager popped out to end the inning .
BALTIMORE -- Baltimore Orioles manager Buck Showalter did n't want to use Chris Tillman in a game for the first time in his career . Chris Davis hit two of Baltimore 's four home runs , including a tiebreaking shot in the eighth inning , and the Orioles beat the Houston Astros 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Chris Davis hit two of Baltimore 's five home runs , including a two - run shot in the fourth inning , and Steve Pearce added a solo shot in the eighth . Brad Brach ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth and Zach Britton got three outs for his 12th save . Evan Gattis had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Evan Gattis had three hits , including a two - run shot in the seventh for the Astros . Houston starter Collin McHugh allowed four runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Houston starter Collin McHugh allowed four runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Houston starter Collin McHugh allowed four runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning when George Springer hit a leadoff double and scored on a double by Chris Carter . In the bottom half , Pearce hit a leadoff drive to right for a 4 - 1 lead . It was the first home run allowed by McHugh in three starts this season . McHugh allowed four runs and nine hits in six innings .
NEW YORK -- Nick Martinez did n't have his best stuff of the season . The right - hander pitched seven solid innings and Prince Fielder hit a three - run homer , leading the Texas Rangers to a 15 - 4 victory over the New York Yankees on Friday night . Martinez ( 4 - 0 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Rangers have won four of five and are 5 - 0 against the Yankees this year . Martinez ( 4 - 0 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five , walked two and hit a batter . Martinez ( 4 - 0 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five , walked two and hit a batter . Sabathia ( 2 - 6 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 2 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked one and struck out four . Sabathia ( 2 - 6 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out four . Sabathia ( 2 - 6 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out four . Sabathia ( 2 - 6 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 2 1 - 3 innings . He walked one and struck out four . The Yankees have lost five of six . Sabathia ( 2 - 6 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out four .
WASHINGTON -- Bryce Harper 's first home run of the season gave the Washington Nationals a much - needed win . Harper hit a tying home run in the second inning , Max Scherzer pitched eight innings of one - run ball and the Nationals beat the Philadelphia Phillies 2 - 1 on Friday night . Scherzer ( 5 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in eight innings . He struck out six and walked one . Scherzer ( 5 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in eight innings . He struck out six and walked one . Drew Storen pitched the ninth for his 13th save in 14 chances . Sean O'Sullivan ( 1 - 3 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings for the Phillies . He struck out three and walked one . O'Sullivan ( 1 - 3 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out three . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Maikel Franco led off with a single , stole second and scored on Odubel Herrera 's double . Odubel Herrera 's RBI double in the second gave the Phillies a 1 - 0 lead . Odubel Herrera had an RBI double in the second for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . O'Sullivan allowed two runs and five hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out three . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Maikel Franco led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch . He scored on Odubel Herrera 's double to right .
CLEVELAND -- Carlos Carrasco did n't have his best stuff . The right - hander pitched six strong innings , Brandon Moss hit a three - run homer and the Cleveland Indians beat the Cincinnati Reds 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Carrasco ( 5 - 4 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.91 ERA in four starts against the Reds this season . Mike Leake ( 2 - 3 ) gave up five runs and five hits in four - plus innings . The right - hander walked five and struck out none . Reds starter Mike Leake ( 2 - 3 ) gave up five runs and five hits in four innings . The right - hander walked five and struck out none . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Billy Hamilton 's RBI groundout . The Indians tied it in the third on Todd Frazier 's RBI double and Billy Hamilton 's run - scoring groundout . The Indians tied it in the third on Billy Hamilton 's RBI groundout and Billy Hamilton 's run - scoring double . Kipnis ' two - run double in the fourth put the Indians ahead 5 - 2 . Moss hit a solo homer in the third , his third of the season . The Indians scored twice in the second . Kipnis hit a two - out RBI single and Moss followed with a two - out RBI single to give the Indians a 2 - 1 lead . The Indians tied it in the third on Frazier 's RBI double and Billy Hamilton 's run - scoring groundout .
CHICAGO -- Mike Aviles had four hits , including a solo homer in the first inning , and the Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago White Sox 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Aviles had four hits , including a solo homer in the first inning , and Nick Swisher also went deep for the Indians , who have won four of five . John Danks ( 2 - 4 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings for Chicago , which has lost four of five . John Danks ( 2 - 4 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . Tyler Flowers hit a two - run homer in the ninth for the White Sox . John Danks ( 2 - 4 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . Danks ( 2 - 4 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . Danks ( 2 - 4 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked four . Swisher led off the Cleveland first with a double and scored on Michael Brantley 's single . Michael Brantley 's RBI single made it 5 - 0 . Swisher led off the bottom of the first with a solo shot to right , his second of the season . The Indians added two more in the second . Swisher led off with a double and scored on Carlos Santana 's double . Michael Brantley followed with a run - scoring single to make it 5 - 0 . Flowers hit a two - run homer off Bryan Shaw in the ninth .
HOUSTON -- Dallas Keuchel did n't have his best stuff of the season . Evan Gattis hit a two - run homer , Keuchel pitched seven strong innings and the Houston Astros beat the Oakland Athletics 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Keuchel ( 6 - 0 ) allowed an unearned run and six hits , struck out four and walked two in seven innings . Houston starter Jesse Hahn ( 1 - 4 ) allowed five hits and three runs with six strikeouts in six innings . The A 's have lost four of five . Hahn ( 1 - 4 ) allowed five hits and three runs with six strikeouts in six innings . The A 's have lost four of five . Hahn ( 1 - 4 ) allowed five hits and three runs in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . Houston starter Jesse Hahn ( 1 - 4 ) allowed five hits and three runs in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . Houston starter Jesse Hahn ( 1 - 4 ) allowed five hits and three runs in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . Houston starter Jesse Hahn ( 1 - 4 ) allowed five hits and three runs in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . Houston starter Jesse Hahn ( 1 - 4 ) allowed five hits and three runs in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . Houston starter Jesse Hahn ( 1 - 4 ) allowed five hits and three runs in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . Houston starter Jesse Hahn ( 1 - 4 ) allowed five hits and three runs in six innings .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox did n't have a chance to get a win . David Ortiz hit a go - ahead homer in the fifth inning and the Red Sox beat the Texas Rangers 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Mike Napoli also homered for the Red Sox , who won for just the third time in 10 games . Wade Miley ( 3 - 4 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking one . Koji Uehara gave up a leadoff homer to Leonys Martin leading off the ninth , but retired Shin-Soo Choo on a fly ball for his 10th save in 11 chances . Gallardo ( 3 - 6 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Gallardo ( 3 - 6 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Gallardo ( 3 - 6 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Napoli 's RBI single . The Red Sox made it 4 - 0 in the fifth on Napoli 's RBI single and a run - scoring single by Napoli . Texas cut it to 4 - 2 in the sixth on an RBI single by Tommy Field and a run - scoring triple by Tommy Field that scored Kyle Blanks , who had doubled .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Giants manager Bruce Bochy was n't going to let Tim Hudson get his first win of the season . Hudson ( 2 - 3 ) allowed five hits in 6 1/3 innings , leading the Giants to a 2 - 0 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Tuesday night . Hudson ( 2 - 3 ) gave up five hits , walked two and struck out two . Hudson ( 2 - 3 ) gave up five hits , walked two and struck out two in 6 1/3 innings . Santiago Casilla pitched the ninth for his 10th save in 12 chances . Carlos Frias ( 3 - 1 ) gave up one run and seven hits in six innings for the Dodgers . He struck out three and walked two . Frias ( 3 - 1 ) gave up one run and seven hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Dodgers have lost four of five . Frias walked Panik and Brandon Belt to open the third . Posey followed with an RBI single to give the Giants a 1 - 0 lead . San Francisco added an unearned run in the eighth on a wild pitch by Javier Lopez . Santiago Casilla pitched the ninth for his 10th save in 12 chances . Frias allowed one run and seven hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out three . Frias retired the first eight batters before Panik singled with one out in the third . Frias then retired the next two batters before Posey 's RBI single . Posey 's RBI single in the third gave the Giants a 1 - 0 lead . San Francisco added an unearned run in the eighth .
HOUSTON -- Oakland Athletics manager A. J. Hinch felt the same thing about his team 's offense . The A 's won their third straight game , beating the Houston Astros 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . The A 's won their fourth straight game , their longest winning streak since a 10 - game run in June 2008 . The A 's trailed 1 - 0 when Billy Butler led off the sixth with a double and scored on a single by Eric Sogard . Edward Mujica ( 2 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win and Tyler Clippard struck out two in a perfect ninth for his fourth save . Edward Mujica ( 2 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Tyler Clippard struck out two in a perfect ninth for his fourth save . Houston starter Drew Pomeranz gave up one run and two hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out two . Tyler Clippard pitched the ninth for his fourth save . Houston starter Drew Pomeranz gave up one run and two hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out two . Evan Gattis hit a sacrifice fly in the first and Evan Gattis had a sacrifice fly in the sixth to make it 1 - 0 . Houston starter Drew Pomeranz allowed one run and two hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out two . Evan Gattis drove in the Astros ' run with a sacrifice fly in the first . Houston starter Drew Pomeranz gave up one run and two hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out two . Evan Gattis hit a sacrifice fly in the first for Houston .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Phil Hughes has been one of the few bright spots for the Minnesota Twins . Hughes pitched seven innings of five - hit ball , Brian Dozier homered and the Twins beat the Tampa Bay Rays 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hughes ( 3 - 4 ) gave up five hits and two runs in seven innings , striking out three and walking one . Glen Perkins pitched the ninth for his 12th save in as many chances . Jake Odorizzi ( 3 - 3 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in six - plus innings for the Rays , who have lost four of five . David DeJesus homered for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Phil Hughes ( 3 - 4 ) gave up five hits and two runs in seven innings for the Twins . Glen Perkins pitched the ninth for his 12th save in as many chances . Jake Odorizzi ( 3 - 3 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in six - plus innings for the Rays . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Tampa Bay starter Jake Odorizzi ( 3 - 3 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in six - plus innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Tampa Bay starter Jake Odorizzi ( 3 - 3 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in six - plus innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Tampa Bay starter Jake Odorizzi ( 3 - 3 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in six - plus innings .
TORONTO -- The Boston Red Sox did n't need much offense to beat the Toronto Blue Jays . Mike Napoli hit a three - run homer , Clay Buchholz pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Red Sox beat the Blue Jays 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Pablo Sandoval hit a three - run homer and Pablo Sandoval added a two - run shot as the Red Sox won for just the second time in 10 games . The Red Sox have won five of their past six games and have the worst record in the majors . The Red Sox have won five of their past six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The Red Sox have won five of their past six games at Rogers Centre . The Blue Jays lost for just the second time in 10 games . The Blue Jays lost for just the second time in 10 games . Toronto has lost four of five . Dickey ( 1 - 4 ) allowed six runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked three and did not strike out a batter . Dickey ( 1 - 4 ) allowed six runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked three and did not strike out a batter . Dickey ( 1 - 4 ) allowed six runs , six earned , and seven hits in six innings . He walked three and did not strike out a batter . Dickey ( 1 - 4 ) allowed six runs , six earned , and seven hits in six innings . He walked three and did not strike out a batter for the first time this season . Dickey ( 1 - 4 ) allowed six runs , six earned , and seven hits in six innings . He walked three and did not strike out a batter for the first time this season . The Blue Jays jumped on Dickey for four runs in the first . Sandoval hit a two - out , three - run homer to left , his second . The Blue Jays cut it to 4 - 1 in the fourth on a two - out RBI single by Devon Travis , but the Red Sox cut it to 6 - 2 on Josh Donaldson 's RBI single in the bottom half .
MILWAUKEE -- Elian Herrera 's first home run of the season gave the Milwaukee Brewers a much - needed win . Herrera hit a go - ahead homer in the seventh inning and the Brewers beat the Chicago Cubs 3 - 2 on Tuesday night to snap a four - game losing streak . Martin Maldonado also homered for the Brewers , who have won six of their last seven games . Michael Blazek ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning for the win . Jason Motte ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Michael Blazek ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning for the win . Milwaukee 's Matt Garza allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked three . Milwaukee starter Kyle Hendricks allowed five hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out three and walked two . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Miguel Montero led off with his first homer of the season , a drive to left - center that put the Cubs up 1 - 0 . It was Montero 's first home run of the season . The Brewers tied it in the eighth on Anthony Rizzo 's two - out RBI double off Jonathan Broxton , who gave up a two - out RBI double to Anthony Rizzo in the eighth that tied the game at 2 . Milwaukee 's Matt Garza allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out nine . Milwaukee starter Kyle Hendricks allowed five hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out three and walked two .
WASHINGTON -- Bryce Harper 's first home run of the season gave the Washington Nationals a 9 - 2 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Friday night . Harper hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning and a three - run shot in the eighth inning to help the Nationals snap a three - game losing streak with a 9 - 2 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Friday night . Harper hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning and a three - run shot in the eighth off reliever Brandon Cunniff to make it 9 - 2 . Espinosa hit a solo homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth off reliever Brandon Cunniff to make it 9 - 2 . Espinosa hit a solo homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth off reliever Brandon Cunniff to make it 9 - 2 . Espinosa hit a solo home run in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth off Brandon Cunniff to make it 9 - 2 . Espinosa hit a solo home run in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth off Brandon Cunniff to make it 9 - 2 . Espinosa hit a solo home run in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth off Brandon Cunniff to make it 9 - 2 . Espinosa hit a solo home run in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth off Brandon Cunniff to make it 9 - 2 . Espinosa hit a solo home run in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth off Brandon Cunniff to make it 9 - 2 . Espinosa hit a solo home run in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth off Brandon Cunniff to make it 9 - 2 . Espinosa hit a solo homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth off Brandon Cunniff to make it 9 - 2 . The Nationals have lost five of six . The Braves have lost five of six . Atlanta has lost four of five . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Braves have lost five of six . Atlanta has lost six of seven . The Braves have lost five of six . Atlanta has lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven .
PHOENIX -- The San Diego Padres have been waiting for Will Burgos to find a way to beat the Arizona Diamondbacks . Wil Myers and Wil Myers hit back - to - back home runs in the fifth inning , and the Padres beat the Diamondbacks 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Venable hit a solo home run in the second inning and added a run - scoring single in the fifth . He had three hits , including a solo home run in the second inning . The Padres took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Chris Owings and a two - run shot by Chris Owings in the second . The Padres tied it at 2 in the third on Alexi Amarista 's fielder 's choice grounder . The Padres tied it at 2 in the third on a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Alexi Amarista . The Padres tied it in the fourth on Alexi Amarista 's fielder 's choice grounder , but the Padres tied it in the bottom half on a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Alexi Amarista and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Alexi Amarista . The Padres tied it in the fourth on Alexi Amarista 's run - scoring fielder 's choice and Alexi Amarista 's run - scoring fielder 's choice . Hellickson allowed five runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Owings and a two - run shot by Owings . The Padres tied it in the third on Alexi Amarista 's fielder 's choice grounder .
BOSTON -- Tampa Bay manager Kevin Cash was n't going to let Alex Colome get out of a jam in the sixth inning . The Rays ' right - hander struck out four , walked none and hit a batter , and the Rays beat the Boston Red Sox 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Colome ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Brad Boxberger pitched the ninth for his seventh save . Mookie Betts homered for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Justin Masterson ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four runs , seven hits and six walks in 4 1/3 innings . The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Dustin Pedroia and a sacrifice fly by Dustin Pedroia . The Rays took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Dustin Pedroia and a sacrifice fly by Dustin Pedroia . The Rays took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Dustin Pedroia and a sacrifice fly by Dustin Pedroia . The Red Sox tied it in the fourth on Joey Butler 's two - out , two - run single . The Rays took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Dustin Pedroia and a sacrifice fly by Dustin Pedroia . The Rays tied it in the fourth when Brandon Guyer doubled , took third on a wild pitch and scored on Joey Butler 's single . Masterson allowed seven hits , walked six and struck out one in 4 1/3 innings .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox have been waiting for Rick Porcello to find a way to beat the Tampa Bay Rays . Porcello pitched seven innings of eight - hit ball , Mookie Betts homered twice and the Red Sox beat the Rays 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Porcello ( 3 - 2 ) allowed eight hits , struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Porcello ( 3 - 2 ) allowed eight hits , struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth for his fifth save . Drew Smyly ( 0 - 1 ) gave up one run and two hits in six innings , striking out six and walking two . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Betts led off with a drive into the left - field seats . Betts hit a solo homer in the eighth off Ernesto Frieri . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth for his fifth save . Smyly ( 0 - 1 ) allowed one run and two hits in six innings , striking out six and walking two . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Betts led off with a homer , his second of the season . Betts hit a solo shot in the eighth off Ernesto Frieri , his fifth of the season . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth for his fifth save in six chances . Smyly allowed only two hits in six innings , striking out six and walking two . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Betts led off with a drive into the left - field seats .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres ' offense has been a big problem for the Padres . Jedd Gyorko hit a two - run homer and Justin Upton added a two - run shot , leading the Padres to an 8 - 6 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Derek Norris hit a two - run homer and Justin Upton added a two - run shot for the Padres , who have won three of four . James Shields ( 3 - 0 ) allowed five runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth for his eighth save in eight chances . Charlie Blackmon homered twice and drove in three runs for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . James Shields ( 3 - 0 ) allowed five runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out seven and did n't walk a batter . Craig Kimbrel got his eighth save despite giving up a solo homer to Blackmon in the ninth . Charlie Blackmon homered twice and Michael McKenry had an RBI double for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Arenado hit a leadoff homer in the first and a two - run shot in the fifth that tied the game at 5 . The Padres tied it at 5 in the fifth on Blackmon 's two - run homer , his third . The Padres tied it at 5 in the fifth on Blackmon 's two - run homer , his third . The Padres tied it at 5 in the fifth on Blackmon 's two - out , two - run homer to right . The Padres tied it at 5 in the fifth on Michael McKenry 's RBI double .
CHICAGO -- Ryan Braun and the Milwaukee Brewers are starting to feel good at Wrigley Field . Braun hit a two - run homer , Mike Fiers struck out a career - high 12 in six innings and the Brewers beat the Chicago Cubs 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Braun hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Jake Arrieta ( 3 - 2 ) , who gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . Arrieta ( 3 - 2 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked one . Arrieta ( 3 - 2 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked one . Arrieta ( 3 - 2 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked one . Arrieta ( 3 - 2 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Cubs have lost six of their last seven games . Arrieta ( 3 - 2 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Cubs have lost six of their last seven games . Arrieta , who allowed four runs and seven hits in five innings , struck out six and walked one . It was the first time the Cubs have been swept in a three - game series this season . The Cubs have won six of their last seven games and have won seven of their last 10 . The Cubs have lost six of their last seven .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants have found a way to beat the Los Angeles Angels . Brandon Crawford hit his first home run of the season , Tim Hudson pitched eight strong innings and the Giants beat the Angels 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Hudson ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs and two hits in eight innings . He struck out three and walked two . Hudson ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs and two hits in eight innings . He struck out three and walked two . Hector Santiago ( 2 - 2 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in five innings for the Angels . He struck out four and walked two . Santiago Casilla got the final out in the ninth for his seventh save in nine chances . Hector Santiago ( 2 - 2 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in five innings for the Angels . He struck out four and walked two . Santiago Casilla got the final out in the ninth for his seventh save in nine chances . The Giants scored a run in the ninth off Sergio Romo , but Santiago Casilla got the final out for his seventh save in nine chances . The Giants scored a run in the ninth off Santiago Casilla , who got the final out for his seventh save in nine chances . The Giants scored a run in the ninth off Sergio Romo , but Santiago Casilla got the final out for his seventh save in nine chances . Trout hit his first home run of the season in the fourth inning to cut the Angels ' lead to 2 - 1 . David Freese added an RBI single in the ninth .
PHILADELPHIA -- Max Scherzer was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Scherzer pitched eight strong innings and Van Slyke hit a two - run homer to lead the Washington Nationals to a 5 - 2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Friday night . Scherzer ( 9 - 5 ) allowed two runs and five hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked none . Scherzer ( 9 - 5 ) allowed two runs and five hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked none . Drew Storen pitched the ninth for his 22nd save in 24 chances . Aaron Harang ( 4 - 10 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in six innings for the Phillies . He struck out five and walked one . Ben Revere hit a pinch - hit home run in the eighth for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Harang ( 4 - 10 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in six - plus innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Domonic Brown . The Phillies made it 3 - 0 in the fifth when Taylor doubled , stole third and scored on Espinosa 's sacrifice fly . The Phillies made it 5 - 1 in the seventh on a pinch - hit homer by Ben Revere , his third , in the eighth . Revere 's pinch - hit homer in the eighth made it 5 - 2 . Revere 's pinch - hit homer in the eighth made it 5 - 2 .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox did n't have to worry about David Ortiz . Ortiz hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the sixth inning , Clay Buchholz pitched seven strong innings and the Red Sox beat the Baltimore Orioles 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . David Ortiz hit a two - run homer and Dustin Pedroia had a two - run single for the Red Sox , who won for just the third time in 10 games . Clay Buchholz ( 5 - 6 ) allowed one run and eight hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking one . Dustin Pedroia hit a two - run single and Dustin Pedroia drove in two runs for the Red Sox , who have won four of five . Bud Norris ( 2 - 6 ) allowed five runs -- none earned -- and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Chris Parmelee led off with a double and scored on Chris Davis ' single . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Chris Parmelee led off with a double and scored on Chris Davis ' single . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Chris Parmelee led off with a double and scored on a single by Davis . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Chris Parmelee led off with a double and scored on a single by Davis . The Red Sox added a run in the sixth when Chris Parmelee doubled and scored on Davis ' single .
PITTSBURGH -- Francisco Cervelli hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning , and the Pittsburgh Pirates rallied to beat the Cincinnati Reds 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Andrew McCutchen hit a go - ahead , three - run homer in the fourth inning and Andrew McCutchen added a two - run shot for the Pirates , who have won four of five . Rob Scahill ( 2 - 3 ) got two outs for the win . Mark Melancon struck out the side in the ninth for his major league - leading 24th save in 27 opportunities . Jay Bruce homered and drove in three runs for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Rob Scahill ( 2 - 3 ) got two outs for the win . Mark Melancon struck out the side in the ninth for his 24th save in 27 opportunities . Cincinnati starter Jeff Locke gave up four runs -- two earned -- nine hits and two walks in four - plus innings . Mark Melancon struck out the side in the ninth for his major league - leading 24th save in 27 opportunities . Cincinnati starter Jeff Locke gave up four runs -- two earned -- nine hits and two walks in four - plus innings . He was lifted for a pinch - hitter in the sixth after allowing four runs -- two earned -- on nine hits with no walks and no strikeouts . The Reds took a 3 - 0 lead in the first inning . Brandon Phillips led off with a double and scored on Hamilton 's single . Bruce followed with a run - scoring single to make it 4 - 0 . Bruce hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 7 - 4 .
WASHINGTON -- Gio Gonzalez did n't need much run support for the Washington Nationals . Gonzalez pitched seven innings of four - hit ball , Yunel Escobar hit a three - run homer and the Nationals beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 9 - 2 on Tuesday night . Gonzalez ( 5 - 4 ) gave up four hits , walked two and struck out four . The right - hander is 5 - 0 in his last seven starts . Gonzalez ( 5 - 4 ) gave up four hits , walked two and struck out four . The right - hander is 5 - 0 in his last seven starts . Gonzalez ( 5 - 4 ) allowed four hits , walked two and struck out four . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Corey Hart hit a two - run homer in the ninth for the Pirates . Corey Hart hit a two - run homer in the ninth for the Pirates . Corey Hart hit a two - run homer in the ninth for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Morton ( 5 - 1 ) gave up eight runs and eight hits in just two - thirds of an inning . He was charged with nine runs and eight hits in two - thirds of an inning . Morton 's ERA rose to 3.97 . The Nationals have lost five of their last six games . Morton ( 5 - 1 ) allowed nine runs -- nine earned -- and eight hits in two - thirds of an inning . He walked one and struck out one . The Nationals have lost five of their last six games . Morton 's ERA rose to 3.97 .
DENVER -- Charlie Blackmon had a big night for the Colorado Rockies . Blackmon hit a two - run homer , Chad Bettis pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Rockies beat the Milwaukee Brewers 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Bettis ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Bettis ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Bettis ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Adam Lind hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Lohse ( 3 - 9 ) gave up three runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Adam Lind hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Brewers , who have lost six of seven . Lohse ( 3 - 9 ) gave up three runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Brandon Barnes walked , stole second and scored on McKenry 's sacrifice fly . Lind hit a two - out solo homer in the sixth to make it 3 - 1 . Lind 's homer in the sixth made it 3 - 1 , but the Brewers added another run in the seventh when Ben Paulsen doubled in a run and scored on Ben Paulsen 's single to make it 5 - 1 . Lind 's homer in the sixth made it 3 - 1 .
CHICAGO -- Carlos Rodon and the Chicago White Sox are on a roll . Rodon pitched six innings of four - hit ball , Rodon pitched six effective innings and the White Sox beat the Texas Rangers 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Rodon ( 3 - 1 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . David Robertson pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 16 chances . Nick Martinez ( 5 - 3 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in six innings for the Rangers . He struck out two and walked three . Texas starter Nick Martinez ( 5 - 3 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out two . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have won six of their last seven . Rodon ( 3 - 1 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . David Robertson pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 16 chances . Nick Martinez ( 5 - 3 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in six innings for the Rangers . He struck out two and walked three . The White Sox have won five of their last six games . They have won six of their last seven . Rodon ( 3 - 1 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . David Robertson pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 16 chances .
LOS ANGELES -- The San Francisco Giants have been waiting for Buster Posey to come through in a big way . Posey had three hits , including a grand slam , and drove in four runs , leading the Giants to a 9 - 5 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Tuesday night . Posey had three hits , including a grand slam , and drove in four runs , and Chris Heston ( 7 - 5 ) pitched into the sixth inning for the second straight start . He allowed three runs and seven hits , struck out one and did n't walk a batter . Santiago Casilla got the final out for his 19th save in 21 chances . Mike Bolsinger ( 4 - 2 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out six and walked three . The right - hander is winless in his last five starts , but the Dodgers have lost five of his last six starts . The Dodgers scored twice in the third on Adrian Gonzalez 's RBI single and a run - scoring single by Yasmani Grandal . The Giants cut the deficit to 4 - 3 in the third on a run - scoring single by Adrian Gonzalez and a run - scoring single by Yasmani Grandal . Turner 's RBI double in the sixth gave the Giants a 5 - 3 lead . San Francisco added two more runs in the seventh on a bases - loaded walk to Brandon Crawford and Matt Duffy 's two - run single . Santiago Casilla got the final out for his 19th save in 23 chances . The Dodgers ' Justin Turner hit a solo homer in the eighth off George Kontos , his third of the season .
SEATTLE -- Felix Hernandez has been pitching well for the Seattle Mariners . Hernandez pitched eight innings of four - hit ball , Robinson Cano had an RBI triple and the Mariners beat the San Francisco Giants 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Hernandez ( 10 - 3 ) allowed four hits , struck out five and walked two . It was the first time the Mariners have been shut out this season . Bumgarner ( 7 - 4 ) allowed two runs and four hits in a season - high eight innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Bumgarner ( 7 - 4 ) allowed two runs and four hits in a season - high eight innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Bumgarner ( 7 - 4 ) allowed two runs and four hits in a season - high eight innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Bumgarner ( 7 - 4 ) allowed two runs and four hits in a season - high eight innings . He struck out nine and walked one . It was the first time the Giants have been shut out this season . Bumgarner ( 7 - 4 ) allowed two runs and four hits in a season - high eight innings . He struck out nine and walked one . It was the first time the Giants have been shut out this season . Bumgarner ( 7 - 4 ) allowed two runs and four hits in a season - high eight innings . He struck out nine and walked one . It was the first time the Giants have been shut out this season . Bumgarner ( 7 - 4 ) allowed two runs and four hits in eight innings . He struck out nine and walked one .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Texas Rangers manager Don Mattingly had no idea what to expect from the Los Angeles Dodgers . Robinson Chirinos led off the bottom of the ninth inning with a home run , and the Rangers beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Robinson Chirinos led off the ninth with a home run off Josh Ravin ( 2 - 1 ) . Shawn Tolleson ( 2 - 1 ) got the win with two outs in the ninth . Justin Turner hit a tying , two - run homer in the top of the ninth off Shawn Tolleson ( 2 - 1 ) . Shawn Tolleson ( 2 - 1 ) got two outs in the ninth to earn the win . Texas starter Brett Anderson gave up two runs and eight hits in eight innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Joey Gallo drew a bases - loaded walk , and Joey Gallo drew a bases - loaded walk to give the Rangers a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Turner hit a two - run homer in the top of the ninth to tie the game at 2 . It was his first home run since July 26 , 2011 , against the Los Angeles Angels . Turner 's two - run homer off Gonzalez in the top of the ninth tied the game 2 - 2 . The Dodgers had runners on first and second with two outs in the seventh , but Andrus grounded into a double play . The Dodgers had runners on first and second with two outs in the seventh , but Andrus grounded into a double play .
BALTIMORE -- New York Yankees manager Joe Girardi was happy to see the New York Yankees do n't have a chance to get a win . New York took advantage of an error by the Baltimore Orioles to beat the Orioles 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Mark Teixeira hit an RBI double and scored on a double by Mark Teixeira to give New York a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning , and the Yankees tied it in the second on a sacrifice fly by Brett Gardner . Baltimore went up 3 - 2 in the bottom half when Nolan Reimold hit a two - run double and scored on a double by Caleb Joseph . Chasen Shreve ( 3 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 hitless innings for the win . Dellin Betances pitched the ninth for his third save . New York took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom half when Nolan Reimold hit a two - run single and scored on a double by Caleb Joseph . Baltimore went up 3 - 2 in the bottom half when Caleb Joseph hit an RBI double and scored on a two - out double by Caleb Joseph . New York went up 3 - 2 in the bottom half when Caleb Joseph hit an RBI double and scored on a double by Caleb Joseph . Baltimore went up 3 - 2 in the bottom half when Caleb Joseph hit an RBI double and scored on a double by Caleb Joseph . Baltimore went up 3 - 2 in the bottom half when Caleb Joseph hit an RBI double and scored on a two - out double by Caleb Joseph . Baltimore went up 3 - 2 in the bottom half .
PITTSBURGH -- The Pittsburgh Pirates finally got a win . Josh Harrison hit an RBI single with two outs in the bottom of the 11th inning , lifting the Pirates to a 1 - 0 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . The Phillies have won six of their past seven games and have won five of their past six games . Burnett ( 2 - 1 ) worked out of a bases - loaded jam in the top of the 11th by striking out Freddy Galvis to end the threat . Antonio Bastardo ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Cole Hamels struck out a career - high 12 in seven innings . He allowed four hits , walked one and struck out a season - high 12 . The Phillies have lost five of six . Philadelphia has lost five of six . The Phillies have lost five of six . Philadelphia has lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost five of six . Philadelphia has lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost five of six . Philadelphia has lost five of six . The Phillies have lost five of six . Philadelphia has lost five of six . The Phillies have lost five of six . Philadelphia has lost five of six . The Phillies have lost five of six . Philadelphia has lost five of six . Philadelphia had runners on first and second with one out in the second , but Burnett struck out Francoeur and Francoeur to end the threat . The Phillies had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Burnett struck out Francoeur and got Carlos Ruiz to fly out to center .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Minnesota Twins manager Ron Washington said he was n't going to use Shawn Tolleson ( 1 - 1 ) in the ninth inning . The right - hander had a chance to get out of the eighth inning , but the Twins could n't get a runner past first base . Tolleson hit a tiebreaking double in the ninth inning , and the Twins beat the Texas Rangers 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Casey Fien ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win , and Glen Perkins pitched a perfect ninth for his major league - leading 22nd save in 25 chances . The Twins have lost five of six . Casey Fien ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win and Glen Perkins worked a perfect ninth for his major league - leading 22nd save in 25 chances . Casey Fien ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Glen Perkins pitched a perfect ninth for his major league - leading 22nd save in 25 chances . The Rangers have lost five of six . The Rangers have lost seven of their last nine games . The Rangers have lost seven of their last nine games . The Rangers have lost seven of their last nine games . The Rangers have lost seven of their last nine games . The Rangers have lost seven of their last nine games . Texas starter Phil Hughes gave up three runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . Texas starter Phil Hughes allowed three runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Chase Anderson 's first start of the season was just fine for the Arizona Diamondbacks . Anderson pitched seven innings of one - hit ball , Welington Castillo had three hits and the Diamondbacks beat the San Francisco Giants 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Anderson ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one hit and struck out two in seven innings . Brad Ziegler pitched a perfect ninth for his seventh save in seven chances . Madison Bumgarner ( 7 - 3 ) gave up one run and nine hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Bumgarner ( 7 - 3 ) gave up one run and nine hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Bumgarner ( 7 - 3 ) gave up one run and nine hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked three . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . Bumgarner ( 7 - 3 ) gave up one run and nine hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked three . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . Bumgarner ( 7 - 3 ) gave up one run and nine hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked three . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . Bumgarner ( 7 - 3 ) gave up one run and nine hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked three . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . Bumgarner ( 7 - 3 ) allowed one run and nine hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked three .
MIAMI -- The Miami Marlins have been waiting for Giancarlo Stanton to find a way to beat the Colorado Rockies . Stanton hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs to lead the Marlins to a 6 - 0 victory over the Rockies on Tuesday night . David Phelps ( 3 - 3 ) allowed four hits in eight innings , struck out six and walked one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in three starts against the Rockies this season . Chris Rusin ( 2 - 1 ) gave up six runs and 11 hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Rusin ( 2 - 1 ) gave up six runs and 11 hits in 5 1/3 innings . The Marlins scored five runs in the first inning against Chris Rusin ( 2 - 1 ) , who allowed six runs and 11 hits in 5 1/3 innings . The Marlins scored four runs in the first inning , including a three - run homer by Stanton , his first of the year . The Marlins scored twice in the second to make it 5 - 0 . Christian Yelich hit an RBI triple and scored on Stanton 's single to make it 5 - 0 . Rusin ( 2 - 1 ) gave up six runs and 11 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He is 0 - 3 in his past four starts . Rusin ( 2 - 1 ) gave up six runs and 11 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in his past four starts . Rusin gave up six runs and 11 hits in 5 1/3 innings .
CINCINNATI -- Ivan De Jesus hit a three - run homer in the first inning , and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Philadelphia Phillies 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . De Jesus Pena had four hits , including a three - run homer , and Brayan Pena had four hits and drove in two runs for the Reds , who have won four of five . Jerome Williams ( 3 - 6 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Williams ( 3 - 6 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Phillies have lost six of their last seven games . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . The Phillies have lost seven of their last nine games . The Phillies have lost seven of their last nine games . The Phillies have lost seven of their last nine games . The Phillies have lost seven of their last nine games . The Phillies have lost seven of their last nine games . The Phillies have lost seven of their last nine games . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . They 've dropped eight of 10 overall .
NEW YORK -- Danny Espinosa and the rest of the Washington Nationals have been waiting for a couple of days to get a chance to play in the Bronx . Espinosa hit a go - ahead single with two outs in the 11th inning , and the Nationals beat the New York Yankees 5 - 4 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Denard Span had three hits and drove in two runs , and Denard Span had three hits and drove in two runs for the Nationals . Blake Treinen ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Drew Storen pitched a perfect 11th for his 19th save in 21 chances . Blake Treinen ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Drew Storen pitched a perfect 11th for his 19th save in 21 chances . Chris Capuano ( 0 - 4 ) took the loss , giving up two hits and a run in the 11th . Blake Treinen ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Drew Storen pitched a perfect 11th for his 19th save in 21 chances . Nathan Eovaldi gave up three runs and eight hits in seven innings for the Yankees . He struck out four and walked one . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Ian Desmond reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second and scored on Span 's double to right - center . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Ian Desmond reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second and scored on Span 's double to right - center . Eovaldi gave up three runs and eight hits in seven innings .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Royals manager Ned Yost was n't going to let Edinson Volquez pitch out of trouble in the first inning . Volquez ( 5 - 4 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings to lead the Royals to a 7 - 2 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Volquez ( 5 - 4 ) allowed one run and six hits , struck out six and walked three . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in five career starts against the Twins , including 4 - 0 in his last seven starts . Volquez ( 5 - 4 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked three . Alex Gordon hit a three - run homer and Alex Gordon added a three - run shot for the Royals . Kyle Gibson ( 4 - 4 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and five hits in six innings for the Twins . He struck out six and walked two . Trevor Plouffe homered and drove in two runs for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Gibson ( 4 - 4 ) gave up five runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Twins scored two runs in the first inning on an RBI single by Lorenzo Cain and a three - run homer by Alex Gordon . Gibson allowed five hits and five runs -- four earned -- in six innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Gibson allowed five runs , four earned , and five hits in six innings . He struck out six .
NEW YORK -- Chris Heston did n't allow a hit until the eighth inning , and the San Francisco Giants did n't need much offense . Heston pitched a no - hitter for his first career complete game and drove in two runs , leading the San Francisco Giants to a 5 - 0 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Heston ( 6 - 4 ) did n't allow a hit until Anthony Recker 's one - out single in the fourth . He struck out a career - high 11 and walked none in his first career complete game . He also had a two - run single in the fourth that made it 3 - 0 . Joe Panik and Matt Duffy also homered for the Giants , who had 13 hits . Heston ( 6 - 4 ) did n't allow a hit until Anthony Recker 's one - out single in the fourth . He struck out a career - high 11 and walked none in his first career complete game . The Giants did n't have a hit until Anthony Recker was hit by a pitch with two outs in the fifth . Heston also had a two - run single in the fourth that made it 3 - 0 . Syndergaard ( 2 - 4 ) gave up 10 hits and four runs in six innings . He struck out two and walked one . Syndergaard ( 2 - 4 ) gave up a season - high 10 hits and four runs in six innings . He struck out two and walked one . Syndergaard ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked one .
ATLANTA -- Braves manager Fredi Gonzalez said he was n't thinking about Andrelton Simmons ' two - out , bases - loaded double in the sixth inning that gave the Braves a 5 - 0 lead . Simmons had three hits and drove in three runs , Andrelton Simmons drove in three runs and the Atlanta Braves beat the San Diego Padres 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Braves trailed 5 - 0 before scoring three runs in the sixth to take a 5 - 0 lead . Will Venable hit a run - scoring double and Yonder Alonso had an RBI double to give the Padres a 5 - 0 lead . Jim Johnson ( 2 - 3 ) earned the win with a scoreless inning . Jason Grilli pitched the ninth for his 16th save . Will Venable had three hits , including a homer , and drove in two runs for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Jim Johnson ( 2 - 3 ) earned the win with a scoreless inning . Jason Grilli pitched the ninth for his 16th save . Will Venable had three hits , including a homer , and drove in two runs for San Diego . Yonder Alonso had an RBI double in the second for the Padres , who have lost six of seven . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Derek Norris and a run - scoring double by Derek Norris . The Padres added two runs in the fifth . Derek Norris ' RBI double and Yonder Alonso 's run - scoring double gave the Padres a 3 - 0 lead . Foltynewicz allowed a career - high 12 hits and five runs in 5 2/3 innings .
CLEVELAND -- Roenis Elias did n't need much run support for the Seattle Mariners . Elias allowed one run over six innings and Robinson Cano had two hits and an RBI , leading the Mariners to a 3 - 2 win over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Elias ( 3 - 3 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked two . Carson Smith gave up a leadoff homer to Yan Gomes in the ninth before finishing for his second save . Yan Gomes homered twice for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Roenis Elias ( 3 - 3 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings for the Mariners . Carson Smith gave up a leadoff homer to Yan Gomes in the ninth before finishing for his second save . Kluber ( 3 - 7 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Indians have lost five of six . Kluber ( 3 - 7 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 11 games under .500 . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost five of six . Kluber ( 3 - 7 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . Kluber , who has lost three straight starts , allowed seven hits and three walks in seven innings .
CLEVELAND -- Baltimore Orioles manager Buck Showalter was n't happy with his team 's offense . Bud Norris struck out seven in five innings and Adam Jones homered to lead the Orioles to a 7 - 3 win over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Adam Jones and Matt Wieters also homered for the Orioles , who have won three of four . Norris ( 2 - 4 ) allowed one run and four hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Carlos Carrasco ( 7 - 5 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in four - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Indians have lost four of five . Carlos Carrasco ( 7 - 5 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in four - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Indians have lost four of five . Carlos Carrasco ( 7 - 5 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in four - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Indians have lost four of five . Carrasco ( 7 - 5 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in four - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost five of six . The Indians have lost six of seven and are 1 - 6 since the All-Star break . The Indians have lost six of seven and are 1 - 6 since the All-Star break . Jason Kipnis had three hits for the Indians .
DENVER -- The Miami Marlins have found a way to beat the Colorado Rockies . Giancarlo Stanton homered and drove in the go - ahead run in the sixth inning , Tom Koehler pitched seven strong innings and the Marlins beat the Rockies 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Realmuto had four hits and scored a run for the Marlins , who have won four of five . Koehler ( 4 - 3 ) allowed one run and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . A. J. Ramos pitched a perfect ninth for his sixth save in seven chances . Eddie Butler ( 3 - 6 ) gave up six runs and 11 hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Butler ( 3 - 6 ) gave up six runs and 11 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He has lost four of his last five starts and is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Rockies have lost six of eight . The Rockies have lost five of six . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 10 - 24 since June 1 . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 10 - 24 since June 1 . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost five of six . Colorado has lost six of seven .
HOUSTON -- Baltimore Orioles manager Buck Showalter was happy to see his team win the game . Adam Jones hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth inning and the Orioles beat the Houston Astros 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Wei-Yin Chen ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings for the Orioles . Zach Britton struck out the side in the ninth for his 14th save . Wei-Yin Chen ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings for the Orioles . Zach Britton struck out the side in the ninth for his 14th save . Wei-Yin Chen ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and five hits with a season - high nine strikeouts in 6 1/3 innings for the Orioles . Zach Britton struck out the side in the ninth for his 14th save . Houston starter Dallas Keuchel allowed six hits and two runs with a season - high seven strikeouts in six innings . Houston starter Dallas Keuchel allowed six hits and two runs with a season - high seven strikeouts in six innings . He was replaced by Will Harris , who retired the first two batters in the sixth . Keuchel gave up six hits and two runs with a season - high seven strikeouts in six innings . He was replaced by Josh Fields after giving up a single to Everth Cabrera with one out in the sixth inning . Josh Fields yielded a run - scoring single to Chris Davis to make it 2 - 2 in the sixth . Keuchel allowed six hits and two runs with a season - high seven strikeouts in six innings . He is winless in his last five starts .
PHILADELPHIA -- Brandon Phillips had a big night for the Cincinnati Reds . Phillips had three hits , including a tiebreaking two - run single in the sixth inning , and the Reds beat the Philadelphia Phillies 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Phillips had three hits , including a two - run single in the sixth that gave the Reds a 5 - 2 lead . Anthony DeSclafani ( 4 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in seven innings for the Reds . Aroldis Chapman struck out the side in the ninth for his 10th save in 12 chances . Aaron Harang ( 4 - 6 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked five and struck out one . Ben Revere had three hits and drove in a run for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Anthony DeSclafani ( 4 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in seven innings for the Reds . Aroldis Chapman struck out the side in the ninth for his 10th save in 12 chances . Ben Revere had three hits and drove in a run for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Harang ( 4 - 6 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked five and struck out one . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the first on a run - scoring groundout by Maikel Franco and a run - scoring double by Maikel Franco . The Reds took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first on Utley 's sacrifice fly and a run - scoring double by Maikel Franco .
PHILADELPHIA -- Maikel Franco 's first career game - ending hit came on a 1 - 0 pitch . Franco hit a tying three - run homer in the ninth inning , Maikel Franco hit a tying three - run shot in the ninth and the Philadelphia Phillies rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Franco hit a tying , three - run homer off Ryan Mattheus ( 0 - 1 ) , who blew a save for the first time in his career . Franco hit a tying , three - run homer off Ryan Mattheus ( 0 - 1 ) , who blew a save for the first time in his career . Franco hit a tying , three - run homer off Ryan Mattheus ( 0 - 1 ) , who blew a save for the first time in his career . Franco hit a tying , three - run homer off Ryan Mattheus ( 0 - 1 ) , who blew a save for the first time in his career . Franco hit a tying , three - run homer in the ninth off Aroldis Chapman , who blew his third save in 11 chances . He gave up a one - out single to Jeff Francoeur and walked Ryan Howard before Franco lined a 1 - 0 pitch to right to tie it at 4 . Franco followed with a drive to right to tie it at 4 . Jeff Francoeur followed with a single to put runners on first and second , and Chase Utley 's sacrifice fly made it 4 - 1 . Chase Utley 's sacrifice fly made it 4 - 1 . Franco followed with a three - run shot to right to tie it at 4 . It was Franco 's second homer of the season and first since July 31 . The Phillies have won seven of their last 10 games . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven .
HOUSTON -- Lance McCullers had a career - high 11 strikeouts in his first career complete game , and the Houston Astros beat the Baltimore Orioles 3 - 1 on Wednesday night . McCullers ( 2 - 0 ) allowed four hits and one run with a career - high 11 strikeouts in his second complete game of the season . McCullers ( 2 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits with a career - high 11 strikeouts in his second career complete game . He struck out the side in the first inning . McCullers ( 2 - 0 ) allowed four hits and one run with a career - high 11 strikeouts in his third career complete game . He struck out the side in the first inning . McCullers retired the first eight batters before Adam Jones singled with two outs in the fourth . McCullers retired the next three batters before Steve Clevenger singled to start the fourth . Steve Clevenger singled with one out before McCullers struck out Chris Davis to end the inning . The Orioles tied it at 1 - all in the fourth when Adam Jones doubled with one out and scored on Delmon Young 's single to tie it at 1 - 1 . The Orioles tied it at 1 in the fourth when Adam Jones doubled with one out and scored on Delmon Young 's two - out single to tie it at 1 - 1 . Carter hit his second homer of the game with one out in the sixth to make it 3 - 1 . Gonzalez allowed three runs and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the second straight start .
DENVER -- Alex Guerrero hit a grand slam off closer Rafael Betancourt in the ninth inning , and the Los Angeles Dodgers rallied from a four - run deficit to beat the Colorado Rockies 9 - 8 on Tuesday night . Adrian Gonzalez hit a two - run homer and Joc Pederson added a two - run shot as the Dodgers rallied from a four - run deficit to beat the Rockies 9 - 8 on Tuesday night . Adrian Gonzalez hit a two - run homer and Enrique Hernandez also went deep for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth for his fifth save in six chances . Brandon Barnes had three hits and two RBIs for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Brandon Barnes had three hits and two RBIs for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Brandon Barnes had three hits and two RBIs for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Brandon Barnes had three hits and two RBIs for the Rockies . Brandon Barnes had three hits and two RBIs for the Rockies . Brandon Barnes had three hits and two RBIs for the Rockies . Brandon Barnes had three hits and two RBIs for the Rockies . Brandon Barnes had three hits and two RBIs for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Brandon Barnes had three hits and two RBIs for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Colorado starter David Hale allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . The Rockies took a 5 - 4 lead in the sixth on Hundley 's RBI double and Charlie Blackmon 's sacrifice fly .
MIAMI -- Brad Hand 's first major league win came in a big way . Hand pitched six effective innings to earn his first major league win , Marcell Ozuna hit a three - run double and the Miami Marlins beat the Chicago Cubs 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hand ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out two . A. J. Ramos worked around two hits in the ninth for his fifth save in seven chances . Kyle Hendricks ( 1 - 2 ) allowed four runs in six innings for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Hendricks ( 1 - 2 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Martin Prado doubled and scored on a double by Ozuna . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Martin Prado doubled and scored on a double by Ozuna . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Martin Prado doubled and scored on a double by Ozuna . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Martin Prado doubled and scored on a double by Ozuna . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Adeiny Hechavarria 's RBI double . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Adeiny Hechavarria 's RBI double . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Adeiny Hechavarria 's RBI double . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Adeiny Hechavarria 's RBI double .
DETROIT -- Ben Zobrist 's first career grand slam gave the Oakland Athletics a 5 - 3 win over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Zobrist hit a grand slam , and Kendall Graveman ( 3 - 2 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in six - plus innings . Tyler Clippard pitched a perfect ninth for his eighth save in eight chances . Alfredo Simon ( 5 - 3 ) gave up four runs and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked five . Billy Burns had two hits and drove in a run for Oakland . Alfredo Simon ( 5 - 3 ) gave up four runs and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked five . Billy Burns had two hits and drove in a run for the A 's . Alfredo Simon ( 5 - 3 ) gave up four runs and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked five . Billy Burns hit an RBI single in the seventh , and Billy Burns hit an RBI single to make it 3 - 1 . Simon allowed four runs and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked five . The Tigers took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth . Nicholas Castellanos hit a two - out , two - run single to make it 3 - 0 . Nicholas Castellanos hit a two - out , two - run single in the fourth to make it 3 - 0 . Nicholas Castellanos hit a two - run single in the fourth to make it 3 - 0 . Nicholas Castellanos hit a two - run single in the fourth to make it 3 - 0 .
BOSTON -- Boston Red Sox manager John Farrell was n't happy with his team 's latest victory . Mike Napoli hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Red Sox rallied for a 7 - 5 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Mike Napoli hit a two - run homer and Alejandro De Aza had a two - run single for the Red Sox , who have won four of five . Junichi Tazawa ( 2 - 3 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth for his 23rd save . Evan Longoria had three hits for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Junichi Tazawa ( 2 - 3 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth for his 23rd save . Evan Longoria had three hits for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Tampa Bay took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI fielder 's choice by Steven Souza Jr. , but the Rays tied it in the third on a run - scoring single by Mahtook and a run - scoring single by Steven Souza Jr .. The Rays tied it at 3 in the third on a two - out RBI single by Steven Souza Jr. , who was called up from Triple-A Pawtucket earlier in the day . The Rays took a 4 - 3 lead in the fifth on a two - run single by De Aza and a two - run single by De Aza . Boston starter Erasmo Ramirez allowed four runs -- one earned -- and five hits in six innings .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros have been waiting for Jason Castro to come through in a big way . Castro hit a three - run homer with two outs in the bottom of the ninth inning , lifting the Astros to a 3 - 0 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . The Angels have lost five of their last six games . Luke Gregerson ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Houston starter Matt Shoemaker allowed three hits in seven innings , struck out seven and walked one . He was replaced by Fernando Salas , who gave up Castro 's homer in the ninth . Luke Gregerson ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Houston starter Matt Shoemaker allowed three hits in seven innings , struck out seven and walked one . He was replaced by Fernando Salas , who gave up a two - out homer to Castro in the bottom of the inning . Kazmir allowed three hits and struck out five in 7 2/3 innings . He was replaced by Pat Neshek , who struck out Albert Pujols to end the eighth . Kazmir allowed three hits and struck out five in 7 2/3 innings . He was replaced by Pat Neshek , who struck out Albert Pujols to end the eighth . Kazmir allowed three hits and struck out five in 7 2/3 innings . He was replaced by Pat Neshek , who struck out the only batter he faced in the eighth . Kazmir allowed three hits and struck out five in 7 2/3 innings . He was replaced by Pat Neshek , who struck out Albert Pujols to end the eighth . Kazmir allowed three hits and struck out five .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants have been waiting for Matt Duffy to find a way to beat the Oakland Athletics . Duffy hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , Buster Posey had four hits and the Giants beat the Oakland Athletics 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Duffy hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a run - scoring single in the second . He added a run - scoring single in the second . Tim Hudson ( 6 - 8 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He did not walk a batter and struck out one . Santiago Casilla pitched the ninth for his 26th save in 30 chances . Kendall Graveman ( 6 - 7 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 1 1/3 innings . The A 's lost for the fourth time in five games . Tim Hudson ( 6 - 8 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He did not walk a batter and struck out one . Santiago Casilla pitched the ninth for his 26th save in 30 chances . The A 's have lost four of five . Tim Hudson ( 6 - 8 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings . He did not walk a batter and struck out one . Santiago Casilla pitched the ninth for his 26th save in 30 chances . The A 's had won three in a row and four of five . The A 's have lost four of five . Graveman ( 6 - 7 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in 1 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two .
ST. LOUIS -- Matt Wisler has been a big part of the Atlanta Braves ' rotation . Wisler pitched seven strong innings , Adonis Garcia hit a tiebreaking home run and the Braves beat the St. Louis Cardinals 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Wisler ( 5 - 1 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked three . Jim Johnson pitched the ninth for his ninth save in 11 chances . Michael Wacha ( 11 - 4 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Wacha ( 11 - 4 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . Wacha ( 11 - 4 ) was charged with three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . Wacha ( 11 - 4 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . Wacha ( 11 - 4 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . Wacha ( 11 - 4 ) was charged with three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . Wacha ( 11 - 4 ) was charged with three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . The Cardinals scored twice in the second to take a 2 - 0 lead . Ryan Lavarnway doubled in a run and Ryan Lavarnway singled in a run for a 2 - 0 lead .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants have been waiting for Jake Peavy to find a way to beat the Oakland Athletics . Peavy pitched six effective innings , Brandon Belt had a pair of RBI doubles and the Giants beat the A 's 9 - 3 on Tuesday night . Peavy ( 2 - 4 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Peavy ( 2 - 4 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Jesse Chavez ( 5 - 10 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in three innings for the A 's . Ben Zobrist homered for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Ben Zobrist hit a solo home run for the A 's , who have lost four of five . The A 's had a season - high 17 hits . The A 's had a season - high 17 hits , including three doubles , in the first inning and a run - scoring double by Belt in the fifth . The A 's had a season - high 17 hits , including three doubles , in the first inning and a run - scoring double by Belt in the fifth . The A 's had a season - high 17 hits , including three doubles , in the first inning and a run - scoring double by Belt in the fifth . Oakland added an unearned run in the fifth when Gregor Blanco singled , stole second and scored on Pence 's double .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Tampa Bay Rays took advantage of the Baltimore Orioles . Tim Beckham drove in two runs with a bases - loaded single in the eighth inning , and the Rays beat the Orioles 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . John Jaso drove in the go - ahead run with a two - out single off Darren O'Day ( 5 - 1 ) in the eighth . Alex Colome ( 4 - 4 ) pitched a perfect eighth and Jake McGee got three outs for his fifth save in five opportunities . Darren O'Day ( 5 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and three hits in a scoreless eighth . Orioles starter Chris Tillman gave up one run and two hits in seven innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against Tampa Bay this season . Chris Tillman gave up one run and two hits in seven innings for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Chris Tillman gave up one run and two hits in seven innings for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Chris Tillman gave up one run and two hits in seven innings for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Tillman gave up one run and two hits in seven innings . The right - hander , who had won his previous three starts , gave up one run and two hits over seven innings . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead on Chris Davis ' RBI double in the fourth . Archer gave up one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked two .
ST. LOUIS -- Tim Cooney 's first major league win came in a 4 - 2 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . Randal Grichuk and Randal Grichuk hit two - run homers and Randal Grichuk added a two - run shot for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Cooney ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Kevin Siegrist worked around a walk in the ninth for his fifth save in seven chances . Manny Banuelos ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings for the Braves , who have lost four of five . The Braves have lost four of five . Manny Banuelos ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . The Braves have lost four of five . Manny Banuelos ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Banuelos , making his first start of the season , gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out three , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . Banuelos , making his first start of the season , gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked three . The Braves have lost four of five . Banuelos allowed four runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked three . Banuelos , making his first start of the season , gave up four runs and six hits in five innings .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres are n't going to have a winning record for the first time in franchise history . Andrew Cashner pitched seven strong innings and Matt Kemp homered to lead the Padres to a 3 - 1 victory over the Miami Marlins on Tuesday night . Matt Kemp homered and Derek Norris had two hits for the Padres , who have won four of five . Cashner ( 4 - 10 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings , struck out five and walked one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth for his 27th save in 31 chances . Dan Haren ( 7 - 6 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter . Haren ( 7 - 6 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter . Haren ( 7 - 6 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings , struck out three and did n't walk a batter . The Marlins have lost five of their last six games . Haren ( 7 - 6 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Wallace led off the fourth with his second homer of the season , a drive into the left - field seats . It was his third . Wallace led off the fourth with his second homer of the season , a drive into the left - field seats . It was his third of the season . Wallace led off the fourth with his second homer of the season to tie the game at 1 . Wallace led off the fourth with his first home run of the season , a drive into the left - field seats . It was his third .
PHOENIX -- The Miami Marlins have won the first two games of the three - game series . Mat Latos pitched seven shutout innings and Michael Morse homered to lead the Marlins to a 3 - 0 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night . Latos ( 4 - 6 ) allowed four hits , walked one and struck out seven to help the Marlins win for the sixth time in seven games . The Marlins have won four of their last five games . Latos ( 4 - 6 ) gave up four hits , walked one and struck out seven . A. J. Ramos pitched a scoreless ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . Jeremy Hellickson ( 6 - 6 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings for the Diamondbacks . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth . J. T. Realmuto led off with a single , stole second and scored on Christian Yelich 's single to center . Christian Yelich followed with an RBI single to give the Marlins a 1 - 0 lead . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth . J. T. Realmuto led off with a single , stole second and scored on Christian Yelich 's single to center . Christian Yelich followed with an RBI single to give the Marlins a 1 - 0 lead . Hellickson allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth . J. T. Realmuto led off with a single , stole second and scored on a single by Yelich to make it 1 - 0 .
ATLANTA -- Jon Lester has been the Chicago Cubs ' ace . Lester pitched two - hit ball into the eighth inning and Anthony Rizzo drove in two runs , leading the Cubs to a 4 - 0 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . Lester ( 5 - 8 ) allowed two hits , struck out seven and walked one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in four starts against Atlanta this season . Manny Banuelos ( 1 - 1 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . Banuelos , making his first start of the season , gave up six hits and two runs -- one earned -- in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Banuelos , making his first start of the season , gave up six hits and two runs -- one earned -- in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Banuelos , making his first start of the season , gave up six hits and two runs -- one earned -- in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Banuelos , making his first start of the season , gave up six hits and two runs -- one earned -- in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Banuelos , making his first start of the season , gave up six hits and two runs -- one earned -- in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Banuelos , making his first start of the season , gave up six hits and two runs -- one earned -- in 4 2/3 innings .
CHICAGO -- The Kansas City Royals had a chance to take the lead in the top of the 13th inning . Mike Moustakas hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly in the eighth inning and the Kansas City Royals rallied to beat the Chicago White Sox 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Mike Moustakas had an RBI double in the first inning and a sacrifice fly in the eighth for the Royals , who won for the sixth time in seven games . The White Sox have lost six of their last seven games . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Brian Dozier had a big night for the Minnesota Twins . Dozier hit a three - run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the Twins to an 8 - 6 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Brian Dozier hit a three - run homer in the ninth off Joakim Soria ( 2 - 1 ) , who allowed two hits and walked one in a scoreless ninth . Soria ( 3 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up two hits and one walk in the ninth . Soria ( 3 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up a leadoff homer to J. D. Martinez and a three - run shot by Yoenis Cespedes that gave the Tigers an 8 - 6 lead . Trevor May ( 6 - 7 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Yoenis Cespedes homered and drove in three runs for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Trevor May ( 6 - 7 ) pitched a scoreless ninth to earn the win . The Tigers have lost five of six . Yoenis Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the third for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the third , and J. D. Martinez added a solo shot in the fourth to make it 6 - 0 . It was his third homer of the season and first since July 31 . Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the third for a 6 - 0 lead . The Tigers loaded the bases with one out in the third , but Verlander got Trevor Plouffe to ground out to end the inning .
SEATTLE -- Felix Hernandez did n't need to be at his best against the Los Angeles Angels . Hernandez allowed five hits in seven innings , Logan Morrison and Logan Morrison hit back - to - back home runs and the Seattle Mariners beat the Los Angeles Angels 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hernandez ( 11 - 5 ) allowed five hits , struck out six and walked two in seven innings . He struck out six and lowered his ERA to 2.84 . Carson Smith got the final out in the ninth for his sixth save in seven chances . Garrett Richards ( 9 - 6 ) gave up four runs and 12 hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Richards ( 9 - 6 ) gave up four runs and a career - high 12 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . Richards ( 9 - 6 ) gave up four runs and a career - high 12 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . Richards ( 9 - 6 ) gave up four runs and a career - high 12 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . Richards ( 9 - 6 ) gave up four runs and a career - high 12 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . Richards ( 9 - 6 ) gave up four runs and a career - high 12 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . Richards ( 9 - 6 ) gave up four runs and 12 hits in 5 1/3 innings .
WASHINGTON -- Johnny Cueto did n't give up a hit until Bryce Harper 's two - out single in the sixth inning . The right - hander threw a two - hitter , Joey Votto hit a solo homer and the Cincinnati Reds beat Max Scherzer and the Washington Nationals 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Cueto ( 6 - 5 ) allowed two hits , walked one and threw a season - high 122 pitches . He threw 122 pitches , 84 for strikes . Cueto ( 6 - 5 ) struck out 11 , walked one and threw a season - high 122 pitches . He threw 122 pitches , 84 for strikes . Cueto ( 6 - 5 ) allowed two hits , walked one and threw a season - high 122 pitches . He threw 122 pitches , 84 for strikes . Cueto ( 6 - 5 ) struck out a season - high 11 , walked one and threw a season - high 122 pitches . He threw 122 pitches , 84 for strikes . Cueto ( 6 - 5 ) allowed two hits , walked one and threw a season - high 122 pitches . He threw 122 pitches , 84 for strikes . Cueto ( 6 - 5 ) struck out a season - high 11 , walked one and threw a season - high 122 pitches . He threw 122 pitches , 84 for strikes . Cueto ( 6 - 5 ) allowed two hits , walked one and struck out a season - high 11 . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Scherzer ( 9 - 7 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked none . Scherzer ( 9 - 7 ) allowed five runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked none .
CLEVELAND -- Corey Kluber has been the Cleveland Indians ' ace . Kluber pitched 6 2/3 scoreless innings , Michael Brantley and Michael Brantley homered and the Indians beat the Houston Astros 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Kluber ( 4 - 9 ) allowed five hits , struck out seven and walked two in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Bryan Shaw pitched a perfect ninth for his second save . Vince Velasquez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Velasquez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Astros have lost four of five . Velasquez gave up two runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Astros have lost five of six . Velasquez gave up two runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Houston 's Evan Gattis extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a two - out single in the first . He has reached base safely in 21 straight games , the longest active streak in the majors . The Astros have been held to two runs or less in five of their last six games . Velasquez gave up two runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Velasquez gave up two runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Velasquez gave up two runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings .
DENVER -- Mike Trout and Albert Pujols hit three - run homers in the second inning , and the Los Angeles Angels routed the Colorado Rockies 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Trout hit a three - run homer in the first inning and Matt Joyce added a solo shot in the second , and Matt Joyce and Matt Joyce also homered for the Angels , who have won four of five . Heaney ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Heaney ( 2 - 0 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Heaney ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Heaney ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Angels jumped on Bettis for six runs in the first inning . Kole Calhoun led off with a double and scored on Johnny Giavotella 's single . Johnny Giavotella followed with a run - scoring single , and Trout followed with a three - run homer to make it 10 - 0 . Bettis ( 4 - 4 ) was tagged for a career - high 10 runs and eight hits in 2 1 - 3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He was tagged for a career - high 10 runs and eight hits in 2 1 - 3 innings .
LOS ANGELES -- Jimmy Rollins and the Los Angeles Dodgers got a big hit from Adrian Gonzalez . Gonzalez hit a solo homer and drove in the go - ahead run in the seventh inning , leading the Dodgers to a 10 - 7 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Gonzalez hit a solo homer in the first inning and drove in the go - ahead run with a two - out double in the bottom of the second . The Dodgers tied it 2 - 2 in the second on Freddy Galvis ' two - run homer , and Freddy Galvis ' two - run shot in the second . J. P. Howell ( 4 - 1 ) struck out pinch - hitter Domonic Brown with the bases loaded to end the seventh , and Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth for his 14th save . Freddy Galvis hit a two - run homer and Odubel Herrera also went deep for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . J. P. Howell ( 4 - 1 ) struck out pinch - hitter Domonic Brown with the bases loaded to end the seventh . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 15 chances . The Dodgers ' bullpen has allowed two runs or fewer in seven of its last 10 games . The Phillies ' bullpen has allowed two runs or fewer in each of their last six games . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . The Phillies scored twice in the first on RBI doubles by Kendrick and Kendrick and a run - scoring double by Joc Pederson . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Joc Pederson 's RBI double and Justin Turner 's sacrifice fly . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Justin Turner and an RBI double by Kendrick .
CHICAGO -- The St. Louis Cardinals have been waiting for Jon Lester to find a way to beat the Chicago Cubs . Randal Grichuk hit a tiebreaking , two - run double in the ninth inning and the Cardinals beat the Cubs 6 - 0 on Tuesday night . Lester ( 4 - 7 ) allowed two unearned runs and two hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Lester ( 4 - 7 ) gave up two runs and two hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Lester ( 4 - 7 ) gave up two runs and two hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Lester ( 4 - 7 ) gave up two unearned runs and two hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Lester ( 4 - 7 ) gave up two unearned runs and two hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The Cubs added four runs in the ninth off Edwin Jackson , who was making his major league debut . Lester ( 4 - 7 ) gave up two runs and two hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Lester ( 4 - 7 ) gave up two runs and two hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The Cubs added a run in the ninth on a sacrifice fly by Mark Reynolds and a run - scoring single by Peter Bourjos , who was activated from the 15 - day disabled list before the game . St. Louis added a run in the ninth on a sacrifice fly by Mark Reynolds .
CLEVELAND -- Houston Astros manager A. J. Hinch was n't happy with his team 's offense . Preston Tucker had four hits , including a homer , and drove in two runs , leading the Astros to a 9 - 4 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Tucker , who had three hits , had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the fourth and a solo shot in the fourth . It was the first time the Astros have hit back - to - back home runs since July 26 , 2011 , against the New York Yankees . Tucker 's RBI double in the sixth gave the Astros an 8 - 2 lead . Tucker 's RBI double in the sixth gave the Astros an 8 - 2 lead . Houston 's Brandon Moss had two hits and drove in two runs . Brandon Moss had two hits and drove in two runs for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Brandon Moss had two hits and drove in two runs for Cleveland . Brandon Moss had two hits and drove in two runs for Cleveland . Brandon Moss had two hits and drove in two runs for Cleveland . Brandon Moss had two hits and drove in two runs for Cleveland . Brandon Moss had two hits and drove in two runs for Cleveland . Brandon Moss had two hits and drove in two runs for Cleveland . Brandon Moss had two hits and drove in two runs for Cleveland . Brandon Moss had two hits and drove in two runs for Cleveland . Brandon Moss had two hits and drove in two runs for the Indians , who have lost four of five .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Kole Calhoun and the Los Angeles Angels had a big night at the plate . Calhoun hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs , C. J. Wilson pitched six effective innings and the Angels beat the Texas Rangers 12 - 6 on Tuesday night . The Angels ' Colby Lewis ( 8 - 4 ) gave up 10 runs and 12 hits in four - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander had been 0 - 3 with a < unk > ERA in his previous four starts , but he was done in by a 12 - 1 lead . Lewis ( 8 - 4 ) gave up 10 runs and 12 hits in four - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander had been 0 - 3 with a < unk > ERA in his previous four starts , but he was done after four innings , giving up 10 runs , 12 hits and a season - high 10 earned runs . Wilson ( 7 - 6 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings , striking out four and walking two . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts and is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Wilson ( 7 - 6 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Angels have won five of their last six games and have won five of their last six games . The Angels have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . Lewis ( 8 - 4 ) gave up 10 runs and 12 hits in four - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander , who had won his previous three starts , allowed a season - high 10 earned runs and 12 hits in four - plus innings . He had won his previous three starts . The Angels scored three runs in the first inning against Colby Lewis ( 8 - 4 ) , who allowed a season - high 10 runs and 12 hits in four - plus innings . The right - hander , who had won his previous three starts , allowed a season - high 10 runs and 12 hits in four - plus innings .
ATLANTA -- Cole Hamels was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . The right - hander gave up six hits in seven scoreless innings , Carlos Ruiz hit a two - run double in the 10th inning and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Atlanta Braves 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Hamels ( 3 - 3 ) gave up six hits , struck out six and did n't walk a batter in seven scoreless innings . He struck out six and did n't allow a runner to reach second base until the 10th . Luis Garcia ( 3 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Philadelphia 's Shelby Miller allowed seven hits and two walks in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out eight . Atlanta starter Shelby Miller gave up seven hits and two walks in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out eight . The Braves took a 3 - 0 lead in the 10th . Odubel Herrera led off with a single , stole second and scored on Ryan Howard 's sacrifice fly . The Phillies had runners on first and third with one out in the seventh , but Hamels struck out Jonny Gomes and Jace Peterson to end the threat . The Phillies ' Shelby Miller allowed seven hits and two walks in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out eight . Miller gave up seven hits , two walks and struck out eight in 6 1/3 innings . He has allowed one earned run or less in five of his six starts this season . Miller gave up seven hits and two walks in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out eight . Miller gave up seven hits and two walks in 6 1/3 innings .
MIAMI -- The Miami Marlins ' comeback victory over the San Francisco Giants came to an end . Justin Bour hit a three - run homer in the ninth inning to lift the Marlins to a 6 - 5 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night . Justin Bour hit a three - run homer in the ninth inning off Santiago Casilla ( 4 - 2 ) , and the Marlins won for the fifth time in six games . The Giants have lost five of their past six games . Justin Bour hit a three - run homer in the ninth off Santiago Casilla ( 4 - 2 ) , who gave up three runs in the ninth . Steve Cishek ( 2 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Justin Bour hit a three - run homer in the ninth for the Marlins , who have won four of five . Steve Cishek ( 2 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . The Giants scored an unearned run in the third . Brandon Crawford hit a solo homer and Gregor Blanco had an RBI single to cut the deficit to 3 - 2 . The Giants went ahead 3 - 1 in the third . Christian Yelich led off with a double and scored on a single by Dee Gordon . Bour followed with a run - scoring triple , and Bour 's RBI single made it 3 - 1 . Heston allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out one . Heston allowed five hits and three runs in six innings . He walked three and struck out one . Heston allowed five hits and three runs in six innings .
PHOENIX -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have been waiting for a couple of Los Angeles hitters to get off to a good start . The Dodgers have won the first two games of the three - game series with the Diamondbacks , a 4 - 3 victory over the Diamondbacks on Tuesday night . The Dodgers have won five of their last six games . The Dodgers have won five of their last six games and have the best record in the majors . The Dodgers have won five of their last six games . The Dodgers have won five of their last six games and have the best record in the National League . Anderson ( 5 - 4 ) allowed one run and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Kenley Jansen got the final three outs for his 13th save . Robbie Ray ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings for the Diamondbacks . He struck out six and walked two . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Kendrick and a sacrifice fly by Kendrick . The Diamondbacks added two more runs in the third on a double by Enrique Hernandez and a run - scoring double by Justin Turner . David Peralta cut the Dodgers ' lead to 4 - 1 with a solo homer in the sixth , his third of the season . The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the eighth on a sacrifice fly by Hill and a sacrifice fly by Hill . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Anderson struck out Paul Goldschmidt to end the inning .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox have been waiting for a lot to celebrate this season . David Ortiz hit a go - ahead homer in the fourth inning and the Red Sox beat the New York Yankees 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Mookie Betts also homered for the Red Sox , who won for just the second time in six games . The Red Sox have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Red Sox have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Jean Machi pitched a scoreless ninth for his fourth save in four chances . Mookie Betts hit a two - run homer for the Red Sox , who have won four of five . Jean Machi pitched the ninth for his fourth save in four chances . Mookie Betts hit a two - run homer for the Red Sox , who won for the seventh time in eight games . Jean Machi pitched the ninth for his fourth save in four chances . Nova ( 5 - 7 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out three , walked one and hit a batter . Nova ( 5 - 7 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out three , walked one and hit a batter with a pitch . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Carlos Beltran . The Yankees tied it in the fourth . Jacoby Ellsbury led off with a single , stole second and scored on Chase Headley 's single .
CHICAGO -- Taijuan Walker has been a big part of the Seattle Mariners ' rotation . Walker pitched shutout ball into the seventh inning and Franklin Gutierrez homered to lead the Mariners to a 2 - 0 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Walker ( 10 - 7 ) struck out six and walked one in 6 1/3 innings to win for the first time since July 26 . He struck out six and walked one . Tom Wilhelmsen pitched a perfect ninth for his fifth save in six chances . John Danks ( 6 - 12 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings for Chicago , which lost for the fourth time in five games . Danks ( 6 - 12 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Danks ( 6 - 12 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Danks ( 6 - 12 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Danks ( 6 - 12 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The White Sox have lost four of five . Danks ( 6 - 12 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter .
DETROIT -- Justin Verlander did n't have to worry about a no - hitter . Verlander threw a one - hitter for his first career no - hitter , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Los Angeles Angels 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 2 - 6 ) struck out nine and walked two in his second career shutout and fourth complete game . He struck out nine , walked two and lowered his ERA to 3.45 . Miguel Cabrera hit a two - run homer and Nick Castellanos also went deep for the Tigers . Hector Santiago ( 7 - 8 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . Santiago ( 7 - 8 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Nick Castellanos 's first - pitch homer , his first of the year . Santiago ( 7 - 8 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Nick Castellanos 's first - pitch homer . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Nick Castellanos 's first - pitch homer . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Nick Castellanos 's first - pitch homer . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Rajai Davis led off with a single , stole second , took third on a groundout and scored on a single by Martinez .
ATLANTA -- Colorado Rockies manager Walt Weiss said he was n't worried about his team 's recent success . The Rockies ' offense has been a problem . DJ LeMahieu had three hits and three RBIs , DJ LeMahieu had three hits and drove in three runs , and the Rockies beat the Atlanta Braves 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . DJ LeMahieu had three hits and three RBIs , and DJ LeMahieu had three hits , including a two - run single in the fourth . Chad Bettis ( 6 - 4 ) gave up one run and five hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . DJ LeMahieu had three hits , including a two - run single in the fourth . Chad Bettis ( 6 - 4 ) gave up one run and five hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . Mike Foltynewicz ( 4 - 6 ) gave up five hits and four runs -- none earned -- in five innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Charlie Blackmon led off with a double and scored on Ben Paulsen 's sacrifice fly . LeMahieu had a two - run single in the fourth to make it 4 - 0 . LeMahieu 's two - run single in the fourth pushed the Rockies ' lead to 4 - 0 . LeMahieu 's two - run single in the fourth gave the Rockies a 4 - 0 lead . Foltynewicz allowed five hits and four runs -- none earned -- in five innings . He struck out three , walked one and hit a batter .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals have been waiting for Mike Moustakas to come through in a big way . Moustakas hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the sixth inning , Kris Medlen pitched six effective innings and the Royals beat the Baltimore Orioles 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Moustakas hit a two - run homer off Ubaldo Jimenez ( 9 - 8 ) in the sixth inning , and Lorenzo Cain added a two - run single in the sixth to make it 8 - 3 . Kris Medlen ( 2 - 0 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings for the Royals . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 9 - 8 ) gave up seven runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his past five starts . Adam Jones hit a two - run homer in the first inning for the Orioles , who have lost three straight and five of six . The Orioles have lost five of six . The Orioles have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six .
BALTIMORE -- Miguel Sano and the Minnesota Twins are on quite a roll . Sano hit a two - run homer , Miguel Sano hit a two - run shot and the Twins beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Sano 's two - run shot in the first inning gave the Twins a 2 - 0 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Gausman this season . It was the fourth time this season the Orioles have hit back - to - back home runs , and the first time they 've had more than one run in a game since July 6 . Baltimore has lost four straight and six of eight . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven .
BOSTON -- The Kansas City Royals had the best record in baseball . Mike Moustakas hit a go - ahead , two - run double in the ninth inning , and the Royals rallied for an 8 - 6 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night . Mike Moustakas homered and drove in four runs , Eric Hosmer had two hits and two RBI and Eric Hosmer had two hits and drove in two runs for the Royals , who have won four of five . Chris Young ( 9 - 6 ) got one out for the win , and Wade Davis worked the ninth for his 11th save . Boston starter Edinson Volquez gave up six runs -- five earned -- and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . Chris Young ( 9 - 6 ) got one out for the win . Wade Davis pitched the ninth for his 11th save . Boston starter Edinson Volquez gave up six runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Wade Davis pitched the ninth for his 11th save . Boston starter Edinson Volquez gave up six runs -- five earned -- and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Wade Davis pitched the ninth for his 11th save . Boston starter Edinson Volquez gave up six runs -- five earned -- and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Boston starter Eduardo Rodriguez allowed four runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in six innings .
WASHINGTON -- Washington Nationals manager Davey Johnson said he was n't thinking about his team 's offense , but it was n't easy . Anthony Rendon hit a three - run homer , Danny Espinosa had three RBIs and the Nationals beat the Milwaukee Brewers 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Danny Espinosa hit a three - run double to help Jordan Zimmermann ( 10 - 8 ) win for the first time in five starts . The right - hander allowed four runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Garza ( 6 - 14 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked six . Garza ( 6 - 14 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked six . Garza ( 6 - 14 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked six . Garza ( 6 - 14 ) allowed seven runs -- seven earned -- and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked six . Garza ( 6 - 14 ) gave up eight hits and seven runs in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked six . The Nationals have lost five of six . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven .
CHICAGO -- Cubs manager Joe Maddon was n't happy with his team 's offense . Chris Coghlan and Chris Coghlan hit back - to - back home runs in the first inning , and the Cubs beat the Atlanta Braves 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Chris Coghlan and Chris Coghlan also homered for the Cubs , who won for the sixth time in seven games . Jason Motte ( 8 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win . Hector Rondon worked the ninth for his 22nd save in 25 chances . Shelby Miller ( 5 - 10 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 6 1/3 innings for Atlanta . He struck out eight and walked four . Miller ( 5 - 10 ) allowed five runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked four . Braves starter Kyle Hendricks allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Kyle Hendricks allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Kyle Hendricks gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Kyle Hendricks gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Kyle Hendricks gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Kyle Hendricks allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Kyle Hendricks allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings .
PITTSBURGH -- Charlie Morton has been one of the best pitchers in the majors this season . Morton pitched into the seventh inning , Neil Walker hit a two - run homer and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the San Francisco Giants 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Morton ( 8 - 4 ) struck out a season - high eight and allowed four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Peavy ( 3 - 6 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Peavy ( 3 - 6 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Giants have lost four of five . Peavy ( 3 - 6 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Giants have lost five of their past six games . Peavy ( 3 - 6 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Giants have lost five of their past six games . The Giants have lost five of their past six games . The Giants were shut out for the third time this season and have lost six of their past seven games . The Giants have lost six of their past seven games . Peavy allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Giants were shut out for the third time this season and have lost five of their past six games . Peavy allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals have n't had much success against the Los Angeles Angels since the start of the season . The Royals have the best record in the American League , but they 're still in first place in the AL West . Kendrys Morales singled home the winning run with two outs in the bottom of the 10th inning , lifting the Royals to a 4 - 3 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Ben Zobrist drew a leadoff walk from Trevor Gott ( 2 - 1 ) in the 10th and scored on Ben Zobrist 's single . Kelvin Herrera ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a spotless 10th to pick up the victory . Trevor Gott ( 2 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing a run and two hits in two - thirds of an inning . David Murphy and David Murphy homered for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Kelvin Herrera ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a spotless 10th to pick up the victory . Royals starter Yordano Ventura allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out seven . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Ben Zobrist 's RBI double and Alex Rios ' sacrifice fly . Santiago allowed two runs and three hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out five . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Kendrys Morales and a run - scoring single by Kendrys Morales . The Angels tied it in the sixth when Calhoun led off with a double and scored on Calhoun 's wild pitch .
ATLANTA -- Braves manager Fredi Gonzalez said he was n't going to let Shelby Miller pitch out of the bullpen in the bottom of the 10th inning . Cameron Maybin hit a game - ending homer in the 10th inning , lifting the Atlanta Braves to a 2 - 1 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night . David Aardsma ( 1 - 1 ) earned the win with a scoreless 10th . David Aardsma ( 1 - 1 ) earned the win by striking out the side in the 10th . David Aardsma ( 1 - 1 ) earned the win with a scoreless 10th . Rubby De La Rosa gave up one run and seven hits in seven innings . Rubby De La Rosa gave up seven hits , one run and four walks in seven innings . Rubby De La Rosa gave up seven hits , one run and four walks in seven innings . Rubby De La Rosa gave up seven hits and a run in seven innings . De La Rosa gave up seven hits and a run in seven innings . De La Rosa gave up seven hits and a run in seven innings . De La Rosa gave up seven hits and a run in seven innings . De La Rosa gave up seven hits and a run in seven innings . De La Rosa gave up seven hits and four walks in seven innings . De La Rosa gave up seven hits and a run in seven innings . De La Rosa gave up seven hits and four walks in seven innings . De La Rosa gave up seven hits and four walks in seven innings . De La Rosa gave up seven hits and four walks in seven innings . De La Rosa gave up seven hits and four walks in seven innings . De La Rosa gave up seven hits and four walks in seven innings . De La Rosa gave up seven hits and four walks in seven innings . De La Rosa gave up seven hits and four walks in seven innings . De La Rosa gave up seven hits and four walks in seven innings . De La Rosa gave up seven hits and a run in seven innings . De La Rosa gave up seven hits and four walks in seven innings . De La Rosa gave up seven hits and four walks in seven innings . De La Rosa gave up seven hits and four walks in seven innings . De La Rosa gave up seven hits and four walks in seven innings . De La Rosa gave up seven hits and four walks in seven innings . De La Rosa gave up seven hits and four walks in seven innings . De La Rosa gave up seven hits and four walks in seven innings . De La Rosa gave up seven hits and four walks in seven innings .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox did n't have much to celebrate in their first game since the All-Star break . Jose Abreu hit a game - ending double in the 13th inning , and the White Sox beat the Los Angeles Angels 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Jose Abreu led off the 13th with a single against Cesar Ramos ( 2 - 1 ) , stole second and advanced to third on catcher Tyler Flowers ' throwing error . Alexei Ramirez followed with an RBI double to right - center . Matt Albers ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Cesar Ramos ( 2 - 1 ) took the loss for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Matt Albers ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Andrew Heaney gave up two runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Angels . He struck out four and walked one . The White Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth on a sacrifice fly by Gordon Beckham and a run - scoring double by Alexei Ramirez . Chicago starter John Danks allowed one run and five hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out two and walked three . The White Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth when Trayce Thompson doubled and scored on Gordon Beckham 's sacrifice fly . Heaney allowed two runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Heaney allowed two runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Heaney allowed two runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings .
CHICAGO -- Carlos Rodon was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Rodon pitched seven innings of four - hit ball , Trayce Thompson hit a solo homer and the Chicago White Sox beat the Los Angeles Angels 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Rodon ( 5 - 4 ) struck out a career - high 11 in seven innings . He allowed four hits , walked one and struck out a career - high 11 . David Robertson pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in 26 chances . Hector Santiago ( 7 - 6 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Hector Santiago ( 7 - 6 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Angels . He struck out four and walked one . Santiago ( 7 - 6 ) allowed three runs and four hits in 5 1 - 3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Angels have lost four of five . The Angels have lost four of five . Hector Santiago ( 7 - 6 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Angels . He struck out four and walked one . The Angels have lost four of five . Santiago ( 7 - 6 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 5 1 - 3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Angels have lost four of five . Santiago ( 7 - 6 ) allowed three runs and four hits in 5 1 - 3 innings . He struck out four and walked one .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- David Murphy 's first homer of the season gave the Los Angeles Angels a 5 - 4 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Friday night . Murphy hit a three - run homer in the third inning , then added a two - out RBI single in the 11th , giving the Angels a 5 - 4 victory over the Orioles . The Angels have won six of seven and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since July 26 , when they won the AL West . David Murphy had three hits , including a three - run homer , and Johnny Giavotella had three hits for the Angels , who took two of three from the Orioles . Gerardo Parra and Gerardo Parra homered for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Trevor Gott ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Gerardo Parra homered and Matt Wieters had two hits and an RBI for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Jered Weaver gave up two runs and four hits in five - plus innings , striking out seven and walking none . Jered Weaver pitched five innings for the Angels , allowing two runs and four hits . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last five starts . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Matt Wieters ' RBI single and Jonathan Schoop 's run - scoring double . Parra led off the sixth with a drive to right - center for his 21st homer of the season , tying it at 4 . Parra homered off Cory Rasmus leading off the sixth .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals have n't had much success against the Chicago White Sox this season . Edinson Volquez pitched seven strong innings , Eric Hosmer and Alex Rios each drove in a run and the Royals beat the White Sox 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Volquez ( 11 - 6 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked two . Volquez ( 11 - 6 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out three . Greg Holland gave up a solo homer to Adam LaRoche in the ninth before finishing for his 24th save in 29 chances . John Danks ( 6 - 9 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six - plus innings , while striking out six and walking three . The White Sox have lost four of five . John Danks ( 6 - 9 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He struck out six and walked three . The White Sox scored in the fifth when Trayce Thompson doubled and scored on Jose Abreu 's double . Jose Abreu 's double in the sixth scored Trayce Thompson , who led off the inning with a double , to put the White Sox up 3 - 1 . Danks allowed three runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He walked three and struck out six . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the first , but Danks struck out Kendrys Morales and Omar Infante to end the inning . The Royals tied it in the sixth on Jose Abreu 's RBI double .
CLEVELAND -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting for Torii Hunter to hit a home run . Hunter had three hits , including a tiebreaking homer in the ninth inning , and the Twins beat the Cleveland Indians 10 - 9 on Tuesday night . Hunter had three hits and drove in three runs , and Aaron Hicks had three hits and drove in a run for the Twins . Trevor May ( 8 - 7 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win and Glen Perkins struck out the side in the ninth for his 30th save . Yan Gomes hit a three - run homer and Yan Gomes hit a three - run homer for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Trevor May ( 8 - 7 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win and Glen Perkins struck out the side in the ninth for his 30th save . Yan Gomes hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Yan Gomes hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Cleveland has lost four of five . The Indians have lost six of seven . Cleveland has lost four of five . The Indians have lost six of seven .
PHILADELPHIA -- Zack Greinke and the Los Angeles Dodgers are n't going to let Zack Greinke get a win . Adrian Gonzalez hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs to lead the Dodgers to a 10 - 8 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Wednesday night . Greinke ( 2 - 6 ) allowed seven runs and 10 hits in four innings . He had been 0 - 3 with a < unk > ERA in his previous four starts . The Phillies jumped out to a 5 - 3 lead in the bottom of the first on Ryan Howard 's two - run single and a three - run homer by Domonic Brown . Ryan Howard hit a two - run double in the bottom of the inning to give the Phillies a 3 - 0 lead . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the second to give the Dodgers a 6 - 5 lead . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the second to give the Dodgers a 6 - 5 lead . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the second to give the Dodgers a 6 - 5 lead . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the second to give the Dodgers a 6 - 5 lead . Gonzalez hit a three - run shot in the second to give the Dodgers a 6 - 5 lead . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the second to give the Dodgers a 6 - 5 lead . He also had an RBI double in the first and a two - run single in the first . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the second to give the Dodgers a 6 - 5 lead . Gonzalez hit a three - run shot in the second to give the Dodgers a 6 - 5 lead . The Phillies loaded the bases with one out in the second , but Greinke hit into a double play .
DETROIT -- The Detroit Tigers did n't need a lot of help from the Kansas City Royals . Matt Boyd allowed one run in seven innings for his first major league win , and the Tigers beat the Royals 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Boyd ( 1 - 2 ) allowed one run and seven hits in seven innings . He walked none and struck out two . Alex Wilson got the final out for his second save . Johnny Cueto ( 7 - 7 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out two and walked two . Cueto ( 7 - 7 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out two and walked two . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Ian Kinsler led off with a single , stole second and scored on Victor Martinez 's groundout . Detroit tied it in the fourth . Eric Hosmer led off with a double and scored on Kendrys Morales ' triple . The Royals tied it in the fourth when Hosmer led off with a double and scored on Kendrys Morales ' triple . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Victor Martinez 's RBI triple . Detroit tied it in the fourth . Eric Hosmer led off with a double and scored on Kendrys Morales ' triple . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Victor Martinez 's RBI triple . Detroit tied it in the fourth when Hosmer led off with a double and scored on Kendrys Morales ' triple . Morales ' RBI triple in the fourth gave Kansas City a 1 - 0 lead .
TORONTO -- R. A. Dickey 's knuckleball was n't so good . Dickey pitched seven innings of two - hit ball , Chris Colabello hit a two - run homer and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 6 - 10 ) allowed two hits , walked two and struck out six in seven innings . He walked two and struck out six . Roberto Osuna got four outs for his seventh save in nine chances . Edinson Volquez ( 10 - 6 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings for the Royals . He walked three and struck out four . Zobrist 's two - run homer off Roberto Osuna cut the deficit to 3 - 2 in the eighth , but the Blue Jays added two more in the eighth against Kelvin Herrera , who gave up a sacrifice fly to Ben Revere and a run - scoring single to Jose Bautista . The Royals have lost three straight and six of seven . The Royals have lost five of their past six games . The Royals have lost five of their past six games . Zobrist hit a two - run homer off Roberto Osuna in the eighth , but the Royals answered with two runs in the bottom half against Kelvin Herrera . Jose Bautista hit an RBI single off Ryan Madson . Volquez allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out four . Zobrist hit a two - run homer off Roberto Osuna in the eighth , but the Royals answered with two runs in the bottom half against Kelvin Herrera . Jose Bautista hit an RBI single off Ryan Madson .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Mike Leake pitched a two - hitter for his first career shutout , and the San Francisco Giants beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Leake ( 11 - 10 ) allowed two hits and three walks while striking out one . He threw 69 of 104 pitches for strikes . Leake ( 11 - 10 ) gave up two hits and three walks while striking out one . He threw 69 of his 104 pitches for strikes . Mike Bolsinger ( 6 - 6 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 3 1/3 innings for the Dodgers . He struck out seven and walked two . Bolsinger ( 6 - 6 ) lasted only 3 1/3 innings , giving up three runs and four hits . He struck out seven and walked two . The Dodgers have lost four of five . Bolsinger ( 6 - 6 ) lasted only 3 1/3 innings , giving up three runs and four hits . He struck out seven and walked two . The Dodgers have lost five of their last six games and have been shut out three times this season . The Dodgers have lost five of their last six games and have been shut out three times this season . The Dodgers have lost five of their last six games and have been shut out three times this season . The Dodgers have lost five of their last six games and have been shut out three times this season . The Dodgers have lost five of their last six games and have been shut out three times this season . The Dodgers have lost five of their last six games and have been shut out three times this season .
CHICAGO -- The Kansas City Royals had a chance to win the AL Central . Mike Moustakas hit a two - run homer with two outs in the 10th inning , lifting the Royals to a 5 - 3 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Friday night . Mike Moustakas hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning , and Alex Gordon added a solo shot in the seventh for the Royals , who won for the sixth time in seven games . Franklin Morales ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Wade Davis pitched a perfect 10th for his 15th save in 16 chances . Jose Abreu homered for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Franklin Morales ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Wade Davis pitched the 10th for his 15th save in 16 chances . Jose Abreu homered for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Tyler Flowers had a career - high four hits for Chicago , including a run - scoring single in the second . The Royals tied it in the bottom half on Adam Eaton 's RBI single , but the Royals tied it in the bottom half on Adam Eaton 's RBI single . Volquez allowed one run and nine hits in six - plus innings . He struck out five and walked one . Volquez allowed one run and nine hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Volquez allowed one run and nine hits in six - plus innings . He struck out five and walked one . Volquez allowed one run and nine hits in six innings .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Detroit Tigers manager Jim Leyland was n't surprised to see Justin Verlander pitch out of the bullpen . The right - hander pitched six strong innings , Tyler Collins hit a three - run homer and the Tigers beat the Texas Rangers 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 5 - 8 ) allowed one run and six hits , struck out five and walked two in six - plus innings . Verlander ( 5 - 8 ) gave up six hits , struck out five and walked two in six - plus innings . Neftali Feliz got the final two outs for his 10th save in 12 chances . Colby Lewis ( 17 - 9 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in 4 2/3 innings . The right - hander had gone 0 - 4 in his previous five starts . Prince Fielder homered and drove in four runs for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Lewis ( 17 - 9 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in 4 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander struck out four , walked one and hit a batter with a pitch . James McCann drove in three runs with a bases - loaded walk in the fifth for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Neftali Feliz got the final two outs for his 10th save in 12 chances . Fielder hit a two - out , two - run single in the ninth off Blaine Hardy . Neftali Feliz got the final two outs for his 10th save in 12 chances . Fielder hit a two - out , two - run single in the ninth off Blaine Hardy .
WASHINGTON -- Max Scherzer did n't need much run support for the Washington Nationals . Scherzer pitched eight innings of two - hit ball , Kike Taylor had two hits and the Nationals beat the Cincinnati Reds 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Scherzer ( 13 - 12 ) allowed one run and two hits in eight innings , striking out 10 and walking three . Scherzer ( 13 - 12 ) allowed one run and two hits in eight innings . He struck out 10 and walked three . Scherzer ( 13 - 12 ) allowed one run and two hits in eight innings . He struck out 10 and walked three . Scherzer ( 13 - 12 ) allowed one run and two hits in eight innings . He struck out 10 and walked three . Scherzer ( 13 - 12 ) gave up one run and two hits in eight innings . He walked three and struck out 10 . The right - hander has allowed two earned runs or less in each of his last five starts . Scherzer ( 13 - 12 ) gave up one run and two hits in eight innings . He walked three and struck out 10 . Matt Thornton , Matt Thornton and Matt Thornton combined for three scoreless innings . Brandon Finnegan ( 4 - 2 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Reds scored in the eighth on a single by Skip Schumaker and a sacrifice fly by Reed Johnson . The Nationals have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost six of their last seven .
WASHINGTON -- Philadelphia Phillies manager Charlie Manuel did n't want to use closer Jonathan Papelbon . Andres Blanco hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the ninth inning off Casey Janssen , and the Phillies beat the Nationals 12 - 5 on Tuesday night . Andres Blanco had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Andres Blanco had three hits , including a go - ahead , two - run homer in the eighth . Dalier Hinojosa ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect seventh inning for the win . Jeff Francoeur had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth . Dalier Hinojosa ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect seventh , Ken Giles gave up two runs in the ninth and Ken Giles gave up two runs in the ninth . Dalier Hinojosa ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect seventh , Ken Giles gave up two runs in the ninth and Ken Giles gave up two runs in the ninth . The Nationals scored three runs in the ninth off Jeanmar Gomez , who gave up three runs -- all unearned -- on three hits and three runs -- all unearned -- with two outs . Ian Desmond had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the second inning for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Washington starter Gio Gonzalez allowed two runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He struck out three and walked two . Washington 's Gio Gonzalez allowed two runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He struck out three , walked two and hit a batter .
CHICAGO -- Jake Arrieta and the Chicago Cubs are on quite a roll . Arrieta pitched seven innings of one - hit ball , and the Cubs beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Arrieta ( 21 - 6 ) struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The right - hander struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Arrieta ( 21 - 6 ) struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Pirates have won four of their last five games . Arrieta ( 21 - 6 ) struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He also hit a solo homer in the second inning . He also hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning of a 6 - 1 win over the Pirates on Aug. 1 . Arrieta ( 21 - 6 ) struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Pirates have won four of their last five games and have the best record in the majors . The Pirates have lost six of their last seven . The Pirates have lost six of their last seven . The Pirates have lost six of their last seven . The Pirates have lost six of their last seven games . The Pirates have lost six of seven .
DENVER -- Nolan Arenado was n't going to let the game get away . Arenado hit a three - run homer and drove in five runs to lead the Colorado Rockies to a 12 - 5 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Tuesday night . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games and are a major league - best 20 - 6 at Coors Field since the start of the 2013 season . The Rockies have lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Justin Ruggiano led off with a double and scored on a two - out double by Scott Van Slyke .
HOUSTON -- Carlos Correa and the Houston Astros did n't have much to celebrate . Correa homered twice and drove in three runs , Colby Rasmus also went deep and the Astros beat the Texas Rangers 9 - 7 on Tuesday night . Correa hit a solo homer in the third and a two - run shot in the seventh inning to help the Astros to their fourth straight win . Correa , who homered in the first and second innings , added a solo shot in the sixth inning and a two - run shot in the seventh to make it 8 - 4 . It was the second multi - homer game of his career and the first of his career . Collin McHugh ( 18 - 7 ) allowed four runs and eight hits with six strikeouts in 6 2/3 innings for the win . Will Harris got the final out for his second save . Shin-Soo Choo hit a two - run homer for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Prince Fielder had three hits , including a two - run double in the first inning , and Rougned Odor had an RBI single in the ninth . Texas starter Collin McHugh ( 18 - 7 ) allowed eight hits and four runs with six strikeouts in 6 2/3 innings . Will Harris got the last out in the ninth for his second save . Texas starter Derek Holland yielded seven hits and four runs -- four earned -- in five innings . He walked two and struck out one . Texas starter Derek Holland yielded seven hits and four runs in five innings . He was replaced by Sam Freeman , who gave up a solo homer to Altuve in the sixth .
ST. LOUIS -- Milwaukee Brewers manager Ron Roenicke was happy to see his team win the game . Khris Davis hit a tiebreaking homer in the ninth inning off Trevor Rosenthal , lifting the Milwaukee Brewers to a 4 - 3 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Will Smith ( 7 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth for his 36th save in 39 chances . Khris Davis hit a solo homer off Rosenthal ( 2 - 3 ) in the ninth . Will Smith ( 7 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth for his 36th save in 39 chances . Khris Davis hit a solo homer in the ninth off Rosenthal ( 2 - 3 ) , who gave up three hits in 3 2/3 innings . Will Smith ( 7 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth for his 36th save in 39 chances . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . The Cardinals have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 32 since the All-Star break . St. Louis has lost six of seven . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . The Cardinals have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 39 - 32 since the All-Star break . Matt Carpenter had two hits and an RBI for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Cardinals starter Ariel Pena allowed three runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one .
WASHINGTON -- Baltimore Orioles manager Buck Showalter was n't going to let Ubaldo Jimenez get the win . Jimenez pitched three - hit ball over six innings , and the Orioles beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Jimenez ( 12 - 9 ) gave up an unearned run and three hits in six innings , walking five and striking out five . The right - hander is 5 - 1 in his last seven starts . Darren O'Day pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save . Gio Gonzalez ( 11 - 8 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings for Washington . He struck out six and walked two . Gonzalez ( 11 - 8 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out six , walked two and hit a batter . Gonzalez ( 11 - 8 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Nationals took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Nolan Reimold and a run - scoring single by Nolan Reimold . The Nationals made it 2 - 1 in the fourth . Clint Robinson led off with a walk , moved to third on a single by Ian Desmond and scored on Jose Lobaton 's fielder 's choice . Jose Lobaton 's fielder 's choice made it 2 - 1 , but Jimenez got out of the jam by getting Clint Robinson to ground into a double play . The Nationals made it 4 - 1 in the fifth on Steve Pearce 's RBI double and a run - scoring double by Nolan Reimold .
MIAMI -- Cody Asche hit a pair of solo home runs , and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Miami Marlins 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Darin Ruf and Darin Ruf also went deep for the Phillies , who won for the fifth time in six games . Darin Ruf hit a solo homer and Darin Ruf also went deep for the Phillies , who won for the fifth time in six games . Tom Koehler ( 10 - 14 ) gave up four runs , three earned , and seven hits in five innings for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Miami 's Tom Koehler ( 10 - 14 ) allowed four runs , three earned , and seven hits in five innings . Miami 's Miguel Rojas hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Miguel Rojas hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Miami went 1 for 11 with runners in scoring position . The Phillies went 0 for 7 with runners in scoring position . Miami went 0 for 7 with runners in scoring position and stranded 10 . Miami went 0 for 7 with runners in scoring position and stranded 10 . Miami went 0 for 7 with runners in scoring position and stranded 10 . Miami 's Dee Gordon went 0 for 3 with a walk , ending his 14 - game hitting streak , which is the longest active streak in the majors . Miami 's Miguel Rojas hit a two - run homer in the seventh to make it 5 - 2 . Rojas hit a two - run homer in the seventh .
ST. LOUIS -- The St. Louis Cardinals have been waiting for a lot to celebrate in the St. Louis Cardinals ' bullpen . The Cardinals ' bullpen has been one of the best in the majors . Rosenthal pitched the eighth inning for his major league - leading 47th save in as many chances , leading the Cardinals to a 2 - 1 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . The Cardinals have won six of seven and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Trevor Rosenthal pitched the ninth for his major league - leading 47th save in 48 chances . The Cardinals have won six of seven . Jonathan Broxton ( 3 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Trevor Rosenthal gave up a pair of singles in the ninth before striking out Eugenio Suarez to earn his major league - leading 45th save . Brandon Phillips had three hits and drove in a run for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Jonathan Broxton ( 3 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . Trevor Rosenthal earned his 47th save in 46 chances . Brandon Phillips had three hits , including an RBI single in the first for the Reds , who have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Robinson Cano had a big night for the Seattle Mariners . Cano hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs , Franklin Gutierrez also homered and the Mariners beat the Texas Rangers 9 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cano hit a three - run homer in the fifth inning off Derek Holland ( 3 - 3 ) , who gave up seven runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . Hernandez ( 18 - 9 ) gave up two runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked five . Hernandez ( 18 - 9 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked five . The Mariners have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The Mariners have lost four of five . Derek Holland ( 3 - 3 ) gave up seven runs , seven hits and five walks in 4 1/3 innings . The right - hander is 1 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his last five starts . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . Derek Holland ( 3 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out three . Texas starter Derek Holland ( 3 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out three . Texas starter Derek Holland ( 3 - 3 ) allowed seven runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out three .
DETROIT -- The Kansas City Royals ' offense has been a problem for the Tigers . Kendrys Morales homered and drove in five runs , Paulo Orlando homered and drove in three runs , and the Royals beat the Detroit Tigers 10 - 3 on Tuesday night . Kendrys Morales went 4 - for - 4 with a homer and five RBIs , and Paulo Orlando hit a two - run homer for the Royals , who have won four of five . Kris Medlen ( 5 - 1 ) allowed three runs -- none earned -- and five hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked three . Danny Duffy pitched four innings for his first career save . Alfredo Simon ( 13 - 10 ) gave up eight runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings for Detroit . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . Morales hit a solo homer in the third and a two - run shot in the third to make it 5 - 0 . Morales hit a solo homer in the third and a two - run shot in the third to make it 5 - 0 . Morales hit a solo homer in the third , and Morales added a solo shot in the eighth . Danny Colon allowed two hits in four innings , struck out six and walked three . Danny Duffy gave up two hits in four innings , striking out six , for his first career save . The Royals have lost five of their last six games . The Royals scored three runs in the third to cut the lead to 5 - 3 . Miguel Cabrera hit an RBI single , and Miguel Cabrera followed with a run - scoring single to cut Kansas City 's lead to 5 - 3 .
DENVER -- The Colorado Rockies ' offense did n't get much going against the San Diego Padres . Nolan Arenado and Tom Murphy each had three hits , including a tiebreaking RBI single in the eighth inning , and the Rockies beat the San Diego Padres 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Charlie Blackmon had three hits and drove in a run for the Rockies , who won for the sixth time in seven games . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost five of six . Christian Bergman ( 3 - 0 ) allowed one run in 3 1/3 innings of relief for the win . Robbie Erlin ( 0 - 1 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in three - plus innings for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Christian Bergman ( 3 - 0 ) allowed one run in 3 1/3 innings of relief for the Rockies , who have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies had a season - high 18 hits , including a season - high , five - run double by Arenado in the first and a run - scoring single by Wilin Rosario in the fourth . Erlin allowed seven runs and nine hits in three - plus innings . He was replaced by Christian Bergman ( 3 - 0 ) , who allowed a run and four hits in 3 1/3 innings . Bergman ( 3 - 0 ) allowed one run and three hits in 3 1/3 innings .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Baltimore manager Buck Showalter was n't happy with his team 's offense . Wei-Yin Chen pitched seven strong innings , Adam Jones drove in two runs and the Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Chen ( 10 - 7 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Zach Britton pitched a perfect ninth for his 34th save . Erasmo Ramirez ( 10 - 6 ) gave up nine hits and two runs over seven innings for the Rays , who have lost three of four . Chen ( 10 - 7 ) gave up one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Zach Britton pitched the ninth for his 34th save . Erasmo Ramirez ( 10 - 6 ) gave up nine hits and two runs over seven innings for the Rays , who have lost four of five . The Rays have lost five of six and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 1 in the sixth when Chris Davis doubled and scored on Jones ' single . Ramirez ( 10 - 6 ) gave up nine hits and two runs over seven innings . The right - hander struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead on Jones ' RBI groundout in the first . The Rays tied it at 1 on Richie Shaffer 's RBI double in the first .
CLEVELAND -- The Kansas City Royals have been waiting for Omar Infante to hit a three - run homer in the big leagues . Infante had three hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in a career - high seven runs , leading the Royals to an 8 - 4 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . The Royals have won four straight and six of seven . Infante had three hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in a career - high seven runs as the Royals won for the sixth time in seven games . The Royals have won seven of their last nine games . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven .
PHOENIX -- Craig Kimbrel got the final four outs for his major league - leading 37th save , and the San Diego Padres beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Kimbrel struck out the side in the ninth for his 37th save in 38 tries . He struck out the side in the ninth to earn his 37th save in 38 tries . Cashner ( 6 - 15 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . Robbie Ray ( 4 - 12 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . Ray ( 4 - 12 ) allowed four runs and five hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four , walked three and hit a batter . Cashner ( 6 - 15 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out six , walked two and hit a batter . Cashner ( 6 - 15 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . Chris Owings had a two - run single for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Ray ( 4 - 12 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on a two - out RBI single by Cory Spangenberg . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Chris Owings ' two - out , two - run single . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Chris Owings ' two - run single .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Detroit Tigers have been waiting for Phil Hughes to find a way to beat the Minnesota Twins . Victor Martinez had three hits and drove in two runs , Victor Martinez had three hits and two RBI and the Tigers held on to beat the Twins 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Hughes ( 10 - 9 ) gave up three runs and six hits in three - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last four starts , but he has n't won since July 26 . Hughes ( 10 - 9 ) gave up three runs and six hits in three - plus innings . He struck out four , walked one and hit a batter . Victor Martinez had three hits and two RBI , and Victor Martinez had three hits and two RBI for the Tigers . Victor Martinez had three hits and two RBI for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Simon ( 13 - 9 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Bruce Rondon pitched the ninth for his fifth save in six chances . Miguel Sano hit a two - run single in the seventh for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Miguel Sano had a two - run single in the seventh for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Miguel Sano had a two - run single in the seventh for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Miguel Sano hit a two - run single in the seventh for the Twins , who have lost four of five .
NEW YORK -- Masahiro Tanaka and the New York Yankees are on quite a roll . Tanaka pitched seven innings of four - hit ball , Dustin Ackley homered and drove in three runs and the Yankees beat the Toronto Blue Jays 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Tanaka ( 12 - 6 ) struck out seven and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Tanaka ( 12 - 6 ) gave up four hits , struck out seven and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Dustin Ackley hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Dickey ( 10 - 11 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . Dickey ( 10 - 11 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . Dickey ( 10 - 11 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . Dickey ( 10 - 11 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings . He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Blue Jays have lost five of their past six games . Dickey ( 10 - 11 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings . He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Blue Jays have lost six of eight .
PITTSBURGH -- Josh Harrison singled home the winning run in the 11th inning , and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Milwaukee Brewers 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Harrison singled with one out in the 11th against Tyler Thornburg ( 0 - 1 ) and advanced to third on pinch - hitter Aramis Ramirez 's sacrifice bunt . Jordy Mercer followed with a sacrifice fly to tie the game at 6 . Jordy Mercer followed with a sacrifice fly . Jared Hughes ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 11th for the win . Pittsburgh starter Taylor Jungmann allowed four runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Milwaukee starter Taylor Jungmann allowed four runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Milwaukee starter Taylor Jungmann gave up four runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Milwaukee starter Taylor Jungmann gave up four runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Milwaukee starter Taylor Jungmann allowed four runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Milwaukee starter Taylor Jungmann allowed four runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Milwaukee starter Taylor Jungmann allowed four runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Milwaukee starter Taylor Jungmann allowed four runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Milwaukee starter Taylor Jungmann allowed four runs and four hits in six innings with seven strikeouts and three walks . Jungmann allowed four runs and four hits in six innings .
ATLANTA -- The New York Mets have been waiting for Bartolo Colon to find a way to beat the Atlanta Braves . Colon pitched into the seventh inning , Kevin Plawecki hit a two - run double and the Mets beat the Braves 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Colon ( 14 - 11 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked one . The right - hander improved to 3 - 0 in five career starts against the Braves . The Mets scored three runs in the fourth off Shelby Miller ( 5 - 14 ) , who allowed three runs on seven hits and two walks in six innings . The Braves scored three runs in the fourth to take a 3 - 0 lead . Kelly Johnson led off with a double and scored on Plawecki 's two - out single . Plawecki added a two - run double in the ninth . Miller ( 5 - 14 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Braves scored three runs in the fourth to take a 3 - 0 lead . Kelly Johnson led off with a single , stole second and scored on Uribe 's two - out single . The Mets added a run in the seventh on a run - scoring single by Uribe and a run - scoring single by Uribe . The Braves added a run in the eighth on a run - scoring single by Uribe and a run - scoring single by Uribe . The Braves added a run in the eighth off Ryan Kelly Ryan Kelly , who gave up Uribe 's two - run double .
SAN DIEGO -- Nolan Arenado and the Colorado Rockies are on quite a roll . Arenado hit a go - ahead homer in the eighth inning , and the Rockies beat the San Diego Padres 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Carlos Gonzalez also homered for the Rockies , who have won five of six . Justin Miller ( 2 - 2 ) struck out the side in the eighth and John Axford pitched a perfect ninth for his 21st save in 25 chances . Justin Miller ( 2 - 2 ) struck out the side in the eighth . John Axford pitched a perfect ninth for his 21st save in 25 chances . Matt Kemp homered for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Jorge De La Rosa allowed three runs and six hits in five innings , struck out six and walked three . Jorge De La Rosa allowed three runs and six hits in five innings , struck out six and walked three . Jorge De La Rosa allowed three runs and six hits in five innings , struck out six and walked three . Jorge De La Rosa allowed three runs and six hits in five innings , struck out six and walked three . Jorge De La Rosa allowed three runs and six hits in five innings , struck out six and walked three . Jorge De La Rosa allowed three runs and six hits in five innings , struck out six and walked three . Jorge De La Rosa gave up three runs and six hits in five innings , struck out six and walked three . Jorge De La Rosa allowed three runs and six hits in five innings , struck out six and walked three .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox have been waiting for Jose Abreu to find a way to beat the Cleveland Indians . Abreu hit a three - run homer , Carlos Rodon pitched seven strong innings and the White Sox beat the Indians 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Abreu hit a three - run homer in the second inning off Carlos Carrasco ( 12 - 10 ) , who gave up four runs and four hits in 2 2/3 innings . Michael Brantley hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Carlos Carrasco ( 12 - 10 ) allowed four runs and four hits in 2 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . Michael Brantley hit a two - run homer off Nate Jones in the eighth for the Indians . Carlos Carrasco ( 12 - 10 ) gave up four runs and four hits in 2 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The White Sox have won seven of their last eight games .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Erik Johnson did n't have his best stuff of the season . The right - hander pitched six innings of three - hit ball , Jose Abreu drove in two runs and the Chicago White Sox beat the Kansas City Royals 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Johnson ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter . David Robertson pitched a perfect ninth for his 29th save in 34 opportunities . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven .
DETROIT -- Alfredo Simon has been a big part of the Detroit Tigers ' rotation . J. D. Martinez hit a two - run homer , Alfredo Simon pitched seven innings of two - hit ball , J. D. Martinez hit a two - run homer and the Tigers beat the Cleveland Indians 6 - 0 on Tuesday night . Simon ( 12 - 9 ) allowed two hits in seven innings , struck out five and walked four . The right - hander is 5 - 0 in his last seven starts . Danny Salazar ( 12 - 8 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Salazar ( 12 - 8 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . He has given up two homers in three of his last four starts . The Tigers have lost four of five . Salazar ( 12 - 8 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . He gave up two homers in a game for the first time this season . Ian Kinsler hit an RBI single in the second , and Martinez hit a two - run homer in the third to make it 3 - 0 . Ian Kinsler hit an RBI triple in the fourth and scored on James McCann 's two - out triple . Salazar allowed six runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . Salazar was pulled after 3 2/3 innings , allowing six runs and eight hits . He walked one and struck out one . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on James McCann 's RBI single .
MIAMI -- Martin Prado had a career - high five hits , including a game - winning double in the 11th inning , and the Miami Marlins beat the New York Mets 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Prado had five hits , including a two - out RBI double in the 11th inning that gave the Marlins a 5 - 4 lead . Brian Ellington ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 11th inning for the Marlins , who won for the sixth time in seven games . Yoenis Cespedes homered and drove in two runs for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Brian Ellington ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 11th to earn the win . Yoenis Cespedes hit a two - run homer for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Brian Ellington ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 11th for his first major league win . Miami starter Jacob deGrom allowed three runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . New York starter Tom Koehler allowed two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked five . The Marlins took a 4 - 3 lead in the sixth on Cespedes ' two - run homer off Mike Dunn , who was making his major league debut . Miami starter Tom Koehler allowed two runs and five hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out four . The Marlins took a 4 - 3 lead in the sixth on Cespedes ' two - run homer off Mike Dunn , who was making his major league debut .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels have been struggling at the plate so far this season . Albert Pujols hit a two - run homer , David Murphy had three hits and drove in two runs and the Angels beat the Oakland Athletics 9 - 4 on Tuesday night . David Freese had a pair of RBI singles and David Murphy had three hits and drove in a pair of runs for the Angels , who have won four of five . Andrew Heaney ( 6 - 2 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter . David Murphy had three hits and drove in two runs for the Angels , who have won four of five . Andrew Heaney ( 6 - 2 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Heaney ( 6 - 2 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Heaney ( 6 - 2 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Heaney ( 6 - 2 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Heaney ( 6 - 2 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Heaney ( 6 - 2 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter . Josh Phegley hit a two - run homer in the first for the A 's .
CHICAGO -- The Cincinnati Reds have won the first two games of the three - game series . Joey Votto hit a three - run homer in the ninth inning , and the Reds beat the Chicago Cubs 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Joey Votto hit a three - run homer in the ninth off Hector Rondon ( 5 - 3 ) , and Joey Votto hit a three - run homer in the ninth off Hector Rondon ( 5 - 3 ) . J. J. Hoover ( 7 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up two runs in the eighth . Aroldis Chapman pitched the ninth for his 27th save in 31 chances . Joey Votto hit a three - run homer in the ninth off Hector Rondon ( 5 - 3 ) . Aroldis Chapman pitched the ninth for his 27th save in 31 chances . The Reds have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . J. J. Hoover ( 7 - 0 ) got the win despite allowing two runs in the eighth . Aroldis Chapman pitched the ninth for his 27th save in 31 chances . The Reds have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . J. J. Hoover ( 7 - 0 ) got the win despite allowing two runs in the eighth . Aroldis Chapman pitched the ninth for his 27th save in 31 chances . The Cubs have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven .
TORONTO -- R. A. Dickey 's knuckleball was working . Dickey pitched a four - hitter for his first career complete game , Josh Donaldson had three hits and three RBI and the Toronto Blue Jays beat Trevor Bauer and the Cleveland Indians 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 10 - 10 ) allowed one run and four hits in a four - hitter . He walked none and struck out six . Dickey ( 10 - 10 ) allowed one run and four hits in his second complete game of the season . He walked none and struck out six . Dickey ( 10 - 10 ) allowed one run and four hits in his second complete game of the season . He walked none and struck out six . Trevor Bauer ( 10 - 11 ) allowed five runs and six hits in 1 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out two . Bauer ( 10 - 11 ) allowed five runs and six hits in 1 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out two . Bauer ( 10 - 11 ) allowed five runs and six hits in 1 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out two . The Blue Jays jumped on Bauer for two runs in the first . Donaldson doubled and scored on Tulowitzki 's single . Donaldson followed with a two - run double and scored on Tulowitzki 's sacrifice fly . Toronto cut it to 5 - 1 in the fourth when Jason Kipnis doubled and scored on a single by Carlos Santana . Toronto cut it to 5 - 1 in the fourth when Jason Kipnis doubled and scored on a two - out single by Carlos Santana . Toronto cut it to 5 - 1 on Carlos Santana 's RBI single in the fourth .
NEW YORK -- Ruben Tejada hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs , and the New York Mets beat the Philadelphia Phillies 9 - 4 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight win . Tejada hit a two - run homer in the second , a two - run shot in the third and a run - scoring groundout in the seventh . He also hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a solo shot in the eighth . Tejada hit a two - run homer off Aaron Nola ( 5 - 2 ) in the second inning and a two - run shot in the third , giving the Mets a 6 - 0 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Nola in his first five starts this season . Nola ( 5 - 2 ) was tagged for six runs and nine hits in four innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Nola ( 5 - 2 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in four innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Nola ( 5 - 2 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in four innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Nola ( 5 - 2 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in four innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Nola ( 5 - 2 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in four innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Nola ( 5 - 2 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in four innings . He struck out four and walked none .
MILWAUKEE -- Jimmy Nelson has been a big part of the Milwaukee Brewers ' rotation . The right - hander pitched seven innings of four - hit ball , Jean Segura drove in three runs and the Brewers beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Nelson ( 11 - 10 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . Jean Segura drove in three runs and Adam Lind had two hits and drove in two runs for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Gerrit Cole ( 15 - 8 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in four innings for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Cole ( 15 - 8 ) allowed five runs and eight hits in four innings . He struck out two and walked one . Aramis Ramirez homered for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Cole ( 15 - 8 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in four innings . He struck out two and walked one . The Pirates have lost four of five . Cole ( 15 - 8 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in four innings . He struck out two and walked one . The Pirates scored four runs in the first inning off Gerrit Cole ( 15 - 8 ) , who allowed five runs and eight hits in four innings . Kang led off the eighth with a homer off Corey Knebel to cut the lead to 5 - 2 . It was Alvarez 's third homer of the season and second in two days . Neil Walker had two hits and an RBI for Pittsburgh .
DENVER -- Josh Collmenter got the final two outs for his first career save , and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the Colorado Rockies 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Paul Goldschmidt and A. J. Pollock each hit a solo homer for the Diamondbacks , who have won four of five . Rubby De La Rosa ( 12 - 6 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . He did n't walk a batter and struck out three . Scott Oberg ( 3 - 4 ) took the loss , giving up three runs in the seventh . Rubby De La Rosa ( 12 - 6 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . He did n't walk a batter and struck out three . Josh Collmenter worked the final two innings for his first career save . Nolan Arenado homered and drove in two runs for the Rockies . De La Rosa ( 12 - 6 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . He did n't walk a batter and struck out three . Josh Collmenter worked the final two innings for his first career save . Nolan Arenado went 3 for 4 with a homer and two RBIs for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Rubby De La Rosa ( 12 - 6 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . He did n't walk a batter and struck out three . Josh Collmenter got the final three outs for his first career save . Nolan Arenado went 3 for 4 with a homer and two RBIs for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Rubby De La Rosa ( 12 - 6 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . He did n't walk a batter and struck out three .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Johnny Cueto did n't have his best stuff . The right - hander pitched a two - hitter for his first career complete game , leading the Kansas City Royals to a 7 - 1 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Cueto ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and two hits , walked three and struck out four . He threw 122 pitches , walked three and struck out four . Cueto ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and two hits , walked three and struck out four in his first career complete game . He walked three and struck out four . Jacob deGrom ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings for the Mets , who have lost four of five . deGrom ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out two . deGrom ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out two . deGrom ( 0 - 1 ) , making his first start of the season , gave up four runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He struck out two and walked three . deGrom ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Royals scored three runs in the fifth to take a 4 - 1 lead . Moustakas hit a leadoff double and scored on Moustakas ' single . Hosmer followed with a two - run single , and Hosmer followed with a two - run single to make it 3 - 1 . Hosmer followed with a two - run single to make it 3 - 1 and chase deGrom . Sean Gilmartin came on to face Escobar , who hit a two - run single to make it 3 - 1 . Hosmer followed with a two - run single to make it 4 - 1 .
TORONTO -- Marco Estrada did n't need much run support for the Toronto Blue Jays . Estrada pitched 7 2/3 innings to win for the first time in more than a year , Troy Tulowitzki hit a three - run double and the Blue Jays beat the Kansas City Royals 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Estrada ( 1 - 1 ) allowed one run and three hits in 7 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out five . Estrada ( 1 - 1 ) allowed one run and three hits in 7 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out five . Estrada ( 1 - 1 ) allowed one run and three hits in 7 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out five . Estrada ( 1 - 1 ) allowed one run and three hits in 7 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out five . Salvador Perez hit a solo homer in the eighth for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Volquez ( 1 - 1 ) allowed five runs , five earned , and three hits in five - plus innings . He walked four and struck out two . Salvador Perez hit a solo homer in the eighth for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Royals right - hander Edinson Volquez ( 1 - 1 ) allowed five runs and three hits in five - plus innings . He walked four and struck out two . Salvador Perez hit a solo homer in the eighth for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Volquez allowed five runs and three hits in five - plus innings . He walked four and struck out two .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Johnny Cueto did n't have his best stuff of the season . The right - hander pitched eight innings of two - hit ball , Kendrys Morales hit a three - run homer and the Kansas City Royals beat the Houston Astros 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cueto ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs and two hits in eight innings , striking out eight and walking none . The right - hander , who was acquired in a trade with the Chicago White Sox last season , struck out eight and did not walk a batter . Collin McHugh ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and five hits in four innings for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Luis Valbuena hit a two - run homer for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Luis Valbuena hit a two - run homer for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Luis Valbuena hit a two - run homer for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Luis Valbuena hit a two - run homer in the second for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Luis Valbuena hit a two - run homer in the second for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Luis Valbuena hit a two - run homer in the second for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Luis Valbuena hit a two - run homer in the second for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Luis Valbuena hit a two - run homer in the second for the Astros , who have lost four of five .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Kevin Pillar and the Toronto Blue Jays did n't have much to do with that . Pillar hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , Chris Colabello also went deep and the Blue Jays beat the Texas Rangers 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Pillar had a two - run homer in the first inning , a solo shot in the second and a two - run shot in the second that made it 4 - 0 . Pillar added a run - scoring single in the third , then added a run - scoring single in the seventh . David Price ( 1 - 1 ) allowed three runs and six hits in three innings for the Blue Jays , who have won five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have won five of their last six games at home , their longest winning streak since a 10 - game run in 2003 . The Blue Jays have won five of their last six games at home . Toronto has won five of its last six games at home . The Blue Jays have won five of their last six games at home . The Blue Jays have won five of their last six games at home . The Blue Jays have won five of their last six games at home . The Blue Jays have won five of their last six games at home . The Blue Jays have won five of their last six games at home . The Blue Jays have won five of their last six games at home . The Blue Jays have won five of their last six games at home . The Blue Jays have won five of their last six games at home . The Blue Jays have won five of their last six games at home . The Blue Jays have won six of their last seven games at home . Toronto has won five of its last six games at home . The Blue Jays have won five of their last six games at home . The Blue Jays have won six of their last seven games at home . Toronto has won six of its last seven games at home . The Blue Jays have won five of their last six games at home . The Blue Jays have won six of their last seven games at home .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Cole Hamels has been a big part of the Texas Rangers ' rotation . Hamels pitched a three - hitter , Adrian Beltre hit a two - run homer and the Rangers beat the Los Angeles Angels 9 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hamels ( 13 - 8 ) allowed two runs and three hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out eight and walked two in his second complete game of the season . Albert Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first for Los Angeles , which has lost four of five . Hamels ( 13 - 8 ) allowed two runs and three hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out eight and walked two . Albert Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first for Los Angeles , which has lost four of five . Garrett Richards ( 15 - 12 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six - plus innings . The right - hander struck out six and walked two . Richards ( 15 - 12 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Angels have lost four of five . Richards ( 15 - 12 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Angels have lost four of five . Richards ( 15 - 12 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Angels have lost four of five . Richards ( 15 - 12 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out six and walked two .
MILWAUKEE -- Kyle Hendricks did n't allow a hit until Hernan Perez 's one - out single in the sixth inning . Hendricks ( 8 - 7 ) struck out eight in six innings of one - hit ball to lead the Chicago Cubs to a 1 - 0 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Hendricks ( 8 - 7 ) struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out eight and did not walk a batter . Hector Rondon pitched the ninth for his 30th save in 34 chances . Hendricks ( 8 - 7 ) allowed one hit in six innings , struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter . Hector Rondon pitched a perfect ninth for his 30th save . Tyler Wagner ( 0 - 2 ) gave up one run and seven hits in six innings for the Brewers . He struck out three and walked one . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Chris Coghlan led off with a single , stole second and scored on Addison Russell 's single to center . The Brewers had runners on second and third with one out in the third , but Hendricks struck out Adam Lind and retired Shane Peterson on a fly ball to center . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Chris Coghlan led off with a single , stole second and scored on Addison Russell 's single to center . Wagner ( 0 - 2 ) allowed one run and seven hits in six innings for Milwaukee .
NEW YORK -- CC Sabathia was n't as sharp as he was in his previous start , when he was pitching for the New York Yankees in the first round of the playoffs , and the New York Yankees did n't have a chance to win . Sabathia pitched five effective innings , Carlos Beltran and Carlos Beltran homered and the Yankees beat the Boston Red Sox 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Sabathia ( 6 - 10 ) allowed one run and six hits in five innings , striking out three and walking three . Dellin Betances struck out two in a perfect ninth for his ninth save . Sabathia ( 6 - 10 ) allowed one run and six hits in five - plus innings . He struck out three and walked three . Dellin Betances worked the ninth for his ninth save . Rich Hill ( 2 - 1 ) gave up two runs and four hits in six innings for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Hill ( 2 - 1 ) gave up two runs and four hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out six . The Red Sox have lost four of five . Hill ( 2 - 1 ) gave up two runs and four hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out six . Mookie Betts had two hits and an RBI for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Hill ( 2 - 1 ) gave up two runs and four hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out six . Mookie Betts had an RBI single in the fifth for Boston , which has lost four of five .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Derek Holland and the Texas Rangers did n't need any help from the Los Angeles Angels . Mitch Moreland hit a three - run homer , Mitch Moreland added a three - run shot and Rougned Odor had three hits to lead the Rangers to a 7 - 2 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Wednesday night . Mitch Moreland hit a three - run homer and Rougned Odor had three hits for the Rangers , who have won three of four . Holland ( 3 - 1 ) allowed four hits , struck out one and did n't allow a batter to reach second base . He struck out one and did n't allow a runner to reach second base . The Rangers have won three of their last four games . Albert Pujols homered for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Shoemaker ( 1 - 4 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 2 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against the Rangers this season . Shoemaker ( 1 - 4 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 2 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against the Rangers this season . Albert Pujols hit his first homer of the season in the ninth off Phil Klein . Albert Pujols hit his major league - leading 24th homer for Los Angeles , a solo shot in the ninth off Phil Klein . Texas starter Matt Shoemaker ( 1 - 4 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 2 1/3 innings .
LOS ANGELES -- The Miami Marlins have been waiting for Jose Fernandez to find a way to beat the Los Angeles Dodgers . Fernandez pitched six innings of five - hit ball and Giancarlo Stanton homered to lead the Marlins to a 5 - 3 victory over the Dodgers on Tuesday night . Fernandez ( 2 - 2 ) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings , struck out eight and walked three . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in his last four starts . A. J. Ramos pitched the ninth for his sixth save despite giving up a run and two hits . A. J. Ramos pitched the ninth for his sixth save despite giving up a run and two hits . A. J. Ramos pitched the ninth for his sixth save in six chances . He gave up a two - out RBI single to Yasmani Grandal , but A. J. Ramos worked out of a bases - loaded jam in the ninth to earn his sixth save in six chances . Kenta Maeda ( 3 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings , struck out five and walked one . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Yasmani Grandal 's RBI double and Yasmani Grandal 's RBI single . Yasiel Puig 's RBI single in the first gave the Dodgers a 2 - 0 lead . Yasiel Puig 's RBI single in the first gave the Dodgers a 2 - 0 lead . Yasiel Puig 's RBI single in the first gave the Dodgers a 2 - 0 lead .
SEATTLE -- Houston Astros manager A. J. Hinch was n't happy with his team 's offense , but it was n't enough to help the Astros end a three - game losing streak . Evan Gattis drove in three runs , Evan Gattis drove in three runs and the Astros beat the Seattle Mariners 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Altuve had three hits , including a leadoff homer in the first inning off Hisashi Iwakuma ( 0 - 3 ) , and Carlos Correa and Colby Rasmus each had an RBI single in a two - run fifth that put the Astros ahead 5 - 3 . Adam Lind and Adam Lind also homered for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Collin McHugh ( 2 - 3 ) allowed two runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked one . Houston starter Hisashi Iwakuma ( 0 - 3 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Seattle starter Hisashi Iwakuma ( 0 - 3 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Iwakuma ( 0 - 3 ) was tagged for five runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Iwakuma ( 0 - 3 ) was tagged for five runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Iwakuma ( 0 - 3 ) was tagged for five runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Iwakuma ( 0 - 3 ) allowed five runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked two .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Chris Tillman did n't need much run support for the Baltimore Orioles . Tillman struck out a career - high nine in 6 2/3 innings , Joey Rickard hit a three - run homer and the Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Tillman ( 2 - 1 ) struck out a career - high nine and walked two in 6 2/3 innings . Zach Britton pitched the ninth for his fifth save in six opportunities . Matt Moore ( 1 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in seven innings for the Rays . He struck out nine and walked two . Moore ( 1 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in seven innings . The right - hander struck out nine and walked two . The Orioles have lost four of five . Moore ( 1 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out nine , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . Moore has allowed three runs or less in each of his last five starts . The Orioles have lost four of five . Moore ( 1 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in seven innings . The right - hander struck out nine and walked two . Tampa Bay starter Matt Moore ( 1 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in seven innings . The right - hander struck out nine and walked two . Tampa Bay starter Matt Moore ( 1 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in seven innings . The right - hander struck out nine and walked two .
NEW YORK -- Brian McCann and the New York Yankees are starting to come up with a big hit . McCann hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , Jacoby Ellsbury had a tiebreaking two - run double in the eighth inning and the Yankees beat the Tampa Bay Rays 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Mark Teixeira had three hits and scored twice , and Jacoby Ellsbury had two hits and two RBIs for the Yankees , who won for just the third time in 10 games . Ivan Nova ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 2 1/3 innings of hitless relief for the win . Andrew Miller pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save . Matt Moore ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Rays . He struck out five and walked two . The Rays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Logan Forsythe 's two - out , two - run double . The Rays took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth on Logan Forsythe 's two - out , two - run double off the glove of a diving Steve Pearce in right field . Sabathia gave up three runs and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three , hit a batter and struck out two . Sabathia gave up three runs and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . Sabathia was pulled after 80 pitches , two shy of his career high . He allowed three runs and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three , hit a batter and struck out two . Andrew Miller pitched the ninth for his fourth save .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Jeff Samardzija did n't need much run support for the San Francisco Giants . Samardzija pitched into the eighth inning and drove in three runs , leading the Giants to an 8 - 1 victory over the Miami Marlins on Tuesday night . Samardzija ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and six hits in 7 2/3 innings , struck out five and did n't walk a batter . He also had two hits and drove in three runs . Samardzija ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and six hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Jarred Cosart ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked six and struck out one . Cosart ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked six and struck out one . Cosart ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked six and struck out one . Cosart ( 0 - 1 ) was tagged for six runs and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked six and struck out one . The Giants have lost five of their last six games and have scored just two runs in their last five games . Cosart ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked six and struck out one . The Giants have lost five of their last six games and are 2 - 5 on their 10 - game road trip . Cosart ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked six and struck out one .
HOUSTON -- Mookie Betts had his first four - hit game of the season and the Boston Red Sox beat the Houston Astros 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Betts had four hits and scored three runs , and Steven Wright ( 1 - 2 ) allowed an unearned run and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked five . Craig Kimbrel got the final out for his fifth save . Collin McHugh ( 1 - 3 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in four innings for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Houston starter Collin McHugh ( 1 - 3 ) allowed five runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings . The Red Sox have lost five of their last six games . Houston starter Collin McHugh ( 1 - 3 ) allowed five runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings . He has n't won in his last five starts . Houston 's Collin McHugh ( 1 - 3 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings . He struck out three and walked one . Houston starter Collin McHugh ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 10 hits and five runs with three strikeouts in four - plus innings . He has n't won in his last five starts . Houston 's George Springer had two hits , including a run - scoring single in the ninth , to make it 6 - 2 . The Red Sox added a run in the ninth on a wild pitch by Luke Gregerson . Craig Kimbrel got the final out for his fifth save . McHugh allowed five runs and 10 hits in four innings .
SAN DIEGO -- Gerrit Cole did n't walk a batter and struck out seven in six scoreless innings , and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the San Diego Padres 11 - 1 on Tuesday night . Cole ( 1 - 2 ) allowed four hits , struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Cole struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . James Shields ( 0 - 3 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings , struck out five and walked two . The right - hander was coming off his first loss of the season on Opening Day , when he gave up six runs in five innings in a loss at St. Louis . The Pirates have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost five of six . James Shields ( 0 - 3 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings , struck out five and walked two . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four career starts against the Pirates . Shields ( 0 - 3 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings , struck out five and walked two . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against the Pirates this season . Shields ( 0 - 3 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings , struck out five and walked two . The right - hander is winless in his last five starts .
CLEVELAND -- Robinson Cano 's first postseason home run came in the 10th inning . Cano hit a three - run homer in the 10th inning , and the Seattle Mariners beat the Cleveland Indians 10 - 7 on Tuesday night . Cano hit a two - run homer off Cody Allen ( 0 - 1 ) in the 10th inning , giving the Mariners a 10 - 7 lead . Tony Zych ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for his first major league win . Steve Cishek pitched a perfect 10th for his third save . Rajai Davis hit a three - run homer in the fifth for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Tony Zych ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Steve Cishek pitched a perfect 10th for his third save . Rajai Davis hit a three - run homer in the fifth for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Rajai Davis hit a three - run homer in the fifth for Cleveland , which has lost four of five . The Indians have lost five of six . The Indians have lost five of six and are 2 - 4 in their last six postseason games . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . The Indians have lost six of seven .
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting for a long time to come to the plate in a big way . Manny Machado hit a go - ahead double in the eighth inning , and the Orioles beat the Toronto Blue Jays 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Blue Jays trailed 2 - 1 before scoring twice in the seventh . Darren O'Day ( 1 - 0 ) struck out the side in the eighth and Zach Britton worked a perfect ninth for his fourth save . Baltimore starter Chris Tillman allowed two runs and four hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and walked three . Zach Britton pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save . Baltimore starter Chris Tillman allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out four . Baltimore starter Chris Tillman allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out four . Baltimore starter Chris Tillman gave up two runs and four hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out four . Baltimore starter Marco Estrada gave up one run and six hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out a season - high nine . Toronto starter Chris Tillman allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out four . Tillman gave up two runs and four hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out four . Tillman gave up two runs and four hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out four . Tillman gave up two runs and four hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out four .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Edinson Volquez has been a big part of the Kansas City Royals ' rotation . Volquez pitched seven innings of five - hit ball , and Mike Moustakas homered to lead the Royals to a 4 - 0 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Volquez ( 3 - 0 ) allowed five hits , struck out five and walked one . He threw 73 of 112 pitches for strikes . Volquez ( 3 - 0 ) allowed five hits , struck out five and walked one . He threw 73 of 112 pitches for strikes . Mike Pelfrey ( 0 - 3 ) allowed four runs , three earned , and eight hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out two . Mike Moustakas hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot in the fourth inning off Mike Pelfrey ( 0 - 3 ) , who gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out two . Mike Moustakas homered in the fourth for the Royals , who have won three of four . Mike Moustakas homered for the Royals , who have won three of four . Mike Pelfrey ( 0 - 3 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out two . The Royals have lost five of their past six games . The Royals have lost five of their last six games . The Tigers were shut out for the third time this season . The Royals have lost four of five . Pelfrey allowed four runs , three earned , and eight hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out two .
MIAMI -- Stephen Strasburg has been the Washington Nationals ' most consistent pitcher . Strasburg pitched eight innings of three - hit ball , Bryce Harper hit his first career grand slam and the Nationals beat the Miami Marlins 7 - 0 on Friday night . Strasburg ( 3 - 0 ) allowed three hits , walked two and hit a batter in his first career complete game . He also had two hits and scored a run . Strasburg ( 3 - 0 ) allowed three hits , walked two and lowered his ERA to 1.25 . He lowered his ERA to 1.25 . Strasburg ( 3 - 0 ) allowed three hits , walked two and lowered his ERA to 1.25 . Felipe Kelley , Shawn Kelley and Shawn Kelley completed the five - hitter . Strasburg ( 3 - 0 ) allowed three hits , walked two and lowered his ERA to 1.25 . Felipe Kelley , Shawn Kelley and Shawn Kelley completed the five - hitter . Strasburg struck out Giancarlo Stanton to end the second inning , then fanned Giancarlo Stanton and Dee Gordon to end the seventh . The Marlins have lost five of their past six games . Miami 's Ichiro Suzuki extended his hitting streak to 14 games with a single in the first inning . The Marlins were shut out for the third time this season . The Marlins have lost five of their past six games . Miami 's Ichiro Suzuki extended his hitting streak to 14 games with a single in the first inning . He has reached base safely in 32 consecutive games , the longest active streak in the majors . Conley allowed four runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked one .
CHICAGO -- The Los Angeles Angels had n't been able to do much better against the Chicago White Sox . Hector Santiago pitched seven shutout innings , C. J. Cron had three hits and two RBI and the Angels beat the White Sox 7 - 0 on Tuesday night . Santiago ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two hits , walked three and struck out a career - high 10 in his first start of the season . The right - hander had been 0 - 3 with a 7.71 ERA in his previous four starts . The White Sox have lost four of five . Rodon ( 1 - 2 ) lasted just one - third of an inning , giving up five runs and six hits . He was replaced by Jake Petricka , who gave up an RBI single to Cron in the eighth . Rodon ( 1 - 2 ) was charged with five runs and six hits in just one - third of an inning . Rodon ( 1 - 2 ) was charged with five runs and six hits in just one - third of an inning . Rodon ( 1 - 2 ) was charged with five runs and six hits in just one - third of an inning . Rodon ( 1 - 2 ) was charged with five runs and six hits in just one - third of an inning . He was charged with five runs and six hits in just one - third of an inning . Rodon ( 1 - 2 ) lasted just one - third of an inning , giving up five runs and six hits . He was replaced by Jake Petricka , who gave up an RBI single to Cron in the eighth .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Sonny Gray has been the Oakland Athletics ' ace . Gray pitched six strong innings , Josh Reddick hit a three - run homer and the A 's beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Gray ( 2 - 1 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Gray ( 2 - 1 ) struck out six and walked one in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Ryan Madson worked the ninth for his third save in four chances . The Royals have lost four of five . Chris Young ( 0 - 3 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . He walked two and struck out two . Royals starter Chris Young ( 0 - 3 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . He walked two and struck out two . Royals starter Chris Young ( 0 - 3 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . He walked two and struck out two . Young ( 0 - 3 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . He walked two and struck out two . Young ( 0 - 3 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . He walked two and struck out two . Young ( 0 - 3 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . He walked two and struck out two . Young ( 0 - 3 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in four innings . He walked two and struck out two .
PHILADELPHIA -- Joe Ross did n't allow a run in 7 2/3 innings , and the Washington Nationals beat the Philadelphia Phillies 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Ross ( 2 - 0 ) allowed three hits , walked two and struck out five . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in three starts against the Phillies this season . The Phillies jumped on Jeremy Hellickson ( 1 - 1 ) for five runs in the first inning . Jayson Werth hit a three - run double and Jayson Werth followed with a three - run double . Hellickson ( 1 - 1 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and seven hits in three - plus innings . The right - hander is winless in his last five starts . The Phillies jumped on Hellickson for five runs in the first . Werth doubled and scored on Werth 's double to right - center to make it 4 - 0 . Werth followed with a three - run double to right - center to make it 6 - 0 . Ryan Howard hit a solo homer in the ninth to make it 9 - 1 . It was Howard 's second career leadoff homer and third this season . Phillies starter Brett Oberholtzer allowed six runs -- five earned -- and seven hits in three - plus innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Phillies jumped on Hellickson for five runs in the first . Werth drove in a run with a double and scored on Werth 's single to right . Oberholtzer escaped further damage by getting Taylor to ground into a double play . Oberholtzer allowed three runs and seven hits in four innings .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Matt Shoemaker 's first start for the Los Angeles Angels was his first major league win . The right - hander pitched one - hit ball over six innings , Kole Calhoun had three hits and drove in two runs and the Angels beat the Oakland Athletics 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Shoemaker ( 1 - 1 ) struck out five and walked three in six innings of one - hit ball . He struck out five and walked three . Shoemaker ( 1 - 1 ) struck out five and walked three in his first start of the season . He walked three and struck out five . Eric Surkamp ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 4 2/3 innings for the A 's . He walked four and struck out one . Marcus Semien hit a solo homer in the eighth for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Surkamp allowed two runs and five hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out one . Marcus Semien hit a solo homer in the eighth for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Surkamp allowed two runs and five hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out one . The A 's loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth , but Shoemaker struck out Stephen Vogt and Stephen Vogt to end the threat . Surkamp allowed two runs and five hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out one . Semien led off the eighth with a home run off Fernando Salas . Salas gave up a leadoff homer to Semien in the eighth .
DETROIT -- Ian Kinsler and the rest of the Detroit Tigers are starting to feel good at the plate . Kinsler homered and had four hits , Ian Kinsler homered and the Tigers beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Kinsler went 4 - for - 5 to raise his average to .440 , and Justin Upton went 4 - for - 5 with a homer and two RBIs . Anibal Sanchez ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Juan Nicasio ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs , six hits and five walks in three - plus innings . Starling Marte hit a two - run homer for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Anibal Sanchez ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Starling Marte hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Pirates , who have lost three of four . Anibal Sanchez ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Drew VerHagen pitched a scoreless eighth , and Francisco Rodriguez finished the five - hitter for the Tigers . Detroit 's Juan Nicasio ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and six hits in three innings . He walked five and struck out four . Nicasio ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and six hits in three - plus innings . He walked five and struck out four . Nicasio ( 1 - 1 ) allowed four runs , six hits and five walks in three - plus innings .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Mike Trout and the Los Angeles Angels are starting to look like a team . Trout hit a two - run homer , Nick Tropeano pitched five scoreless innings in his major league debut and the Angels beat the Oakland Athletics 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Tropeano ( 1 - 0 ) allowed six hits , struck out six and walked two in five - plus innings . Huston Street got the final out for his second save . Sonny Gray ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings for the A 's . He struck out six and walked three . Gray ( 1 - 1 ) allowed three runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Marcus Semien hit an RBI single in the ninth for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Gray ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Marcus Semien hit an RBI single with two outs in the ninth for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Gray , who struck out six and walked three in 6 1/3 innings , gave up three runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Marcus Semien hit an RBI single in the ninth for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Gray allowed three runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Marcus Semien hit an RBI single in the ninth for Oakland .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Brett Lawrie and the Chicago White Sox did n't need much offense to beat the Minnesota Twins . Austin Jackson hit a two - run single in the fourth inning and Jose Quintana pitched six strong innings to lead the White Sox to a 4 - 1 victory over the Twins on Tuesday night . Jose Quintana ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings for Chicago , and David Robertson pitched a perfect ninth for his third save . Kyle Gibson ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs -- one earned -- and six hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Kyle Gibson ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs -- one earned -- and six hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Twins . He struck out three and walked three . Gibson ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs -- one earned -- and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three , walked three and hit a batter . Gibson ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs -- one earned -- and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three , walked three and hit a batter . Gibson ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs -- one earned -- and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three , walked three and hit a batter . Gibson ( 0 - 2 ) allowed three runs -- one earned -- and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked three .
WASHINGTON -- Washington Nationals manager Davey Johnson said he did n't want to talk about his team 's offense . The Nationals ' Max Scherzer pitched six innings , and Daniel Murphy homered and drove in two runs , leading the Nationals to a 6 - 4 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . Daniel Murphy hit a two - run homer and Ryan Zimmerman had two hits and two stolen bases for the Nationals , who have won three straight and five of six . Bud Norris ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in five innings for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Norris ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Nationals took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on Nick Markakis ' two - run double . Scherzer ( 1 - 0 ) allowed four runs and six hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out six . Jonathan Papelbon pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save in four chances . Bud Norris ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Nationals took a 4 - 3 lead in the second on a two - run double by Nick Markakis . The Nationals took a 4 - 3 lead in the second on a two - run double by Nick Markakis . The Nationals took a 4 - 3 lead in the second . Jace Peterson led off with a double and scored on a two - out double by Nick Markakis .
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting for a lot to celebrate this season . Manny Machado had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second inning , and the Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Manny Machado had four hits , including a two - run homer , and Manny Machado had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second inning , and Manny Machado had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second inning . Manny Machado had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second inning , and Manny Machado had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second inning . Manny Machado had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second inning , and Manny Machado had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second inning . Manny Machado had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second inning , and Manny Machado had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second inning . Manny Machado had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second inning , and Manny Machado had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second inning . Manny Machado had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second inning off Jake Odorizzi ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings . Tampa Bay starter Vance Worley gave up three runs , two earned , and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . Zach Britton pitched a perfect ninth for his second save . Jake Odorizzi ( 0 - 1 ) allowed four runs and nine hits in six innings for the Rays . He struck out four and walked none .
MILWAUKEE -- Jimmy Nelson 's first start of the season was a welcome change for the Milwaukee Brewers . Nelson allowed three hits over six innings , Aaron Hill hit a two - run single and the Brewers beat the Houston Astros 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Nelson ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs and three hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out a career - high nine . Jeremy Jeffress pitched a perfect ninth for his third save in as many chances . Jose Altuve hit his first career leadoff homer for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Keuchel ( 1 - 1 ) allowed three runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked six . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . Keuchel ( 1 - 1 ) allowed three runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked six . Jose Altuve hit his first career leadoff homer for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Keuchel ( 1 - 1 ) allowed three runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked six . The Astros took a 2 - 1 lead in the first on a two - run single by Domingo Santana . The Astros took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first on an RBI double by Domingo Santana and a two - run single by Aaron Hill . Milwaukee added a run in the fourth on Domingo Santana 's RBI double . The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Nelson struck out Marwin Gonzalez and George Springer .
ATLANTA -- Carlos Martinez did n't have his best stuff . The right - hander pitched six innings of four - hit ball and drove in two runs , leading the St. Louis Cardinals to a 12 - 2 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . Martinez ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . The Cardinals scored three runs in the second inning , including a run - scoring double by Stephen Piscotty and a run - scoring double by Stephen Piscotty . Martinez ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out five , walked three and hit a batter . Martinez had an RBI double in the third and a run - scoring single in the fifth . Martinez had a run - scoring single in the third and a run - scoring single in the fifth . The Cardinals scored three runs in the second . Kolten Wong had three hits and scored three runs . Kolten Wong had three hits and scored three runs . Kolten Wong had three hits and scored three runs . Kolten Wong had three hits and scored three runs . Kolten Wong had three hits and scored three runs for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Julio Teheran ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six hits and five runs -- four earned -- in four innings . He walked four and struck out four . The Braves scored three runs in the second to take a 3 - 0 lead . Wong doubled and scored on Aledmys Diaz 's fielder 's choice grounder . Yadier Molina 's RBI double made it 2 - 0 , and Martinez drove in another run with a sacrifice fly .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals have n't had much success against the Minnesota Twins this season . The Royals have the best record in the majors at the start of the regular season , but they 're still in first place in the AL Central . Rey Fuentes hit a tiebreaking , two - run single in the eighth inning , and the Royals beat the Twins 4 - 3 on Tuesday night to snap a five - game losing streak . The Royals have won six of their last seven games and have the best record in the American League . Joakim Soria ( 1 - 0 ) allowed a run in the top of the eighth , and Wade Davis worked the ninth for his second save in as many chances . Kevin Jepsen ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up two runs on two hits and two runs in the eighth . Joakim Soria ( 1 - 0 ) earned the win despite allowing a run in the eighth . Wade Davis worked the ninth for his second save in as many chances . Ervin Santana allowed two runs and six hits in six innings for the Twins . He struck out seven and walked two . Eduardo Escobar had two hits and drove in a run for the Twins , who have lost three straight and five of six . Eduardo Escobar had two hits and drove in a run for the Twins , who have lost three straight and five of six . Eduardo Escobar had two hits and drove in a run for the Twins , who have lost three straight and five of six . Eduardo Escobar had two hits and an RBI for the Twins .
PITTSBURGH -- Gregory Polanco had a big night at the plate . Polanco had two hits and scored the go - ahead run in the second inning , Francisco Liriano struck out 10 in six innings and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the St. Louis Cardinals 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Polanco had two hits and scored twice , and Gregory Polanco had two hits and scored twice as the Pirates won for the fifth time in six games . Adam Wainwright ( 0 - 1 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings with three walks and three strikeouts . Wainwright ( 0 - 1 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked three . Wainwright ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked three . Wainwright ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked three . Wainwright ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked three . The Pirates have lost five of their past six games and are 2 - 4 on their 10 - game homestand . St. Louis has lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost five of their past six games and are 2 - 4 on their 10 - game homestand . St. Louis has lost five of its last six games . The Cardinals have lost six of their last seven games and are 2 - 4 on their 10 - game homestand . St. Louis has lost four of its past five games .
ATLANTA -- Mike Foltynewicz did n't look like the ace of the Atlanta Braves . Foltynewicz pitched six strong innings , Mallex Smith hit a three - run triple and the Braves beat the San Francisco Giants 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Foltynewicz ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three hits , one run , two walks and struck out four in six innings . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in his last four starts . Foltynewicz ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three hits , one run , two walks and struck out four in six innings . The right - hander improved to 3 - 0 in four career starts against the Giants . Brandon Belt hit a solo homer in the second inning for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Samardzija ( 7 - 3 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and six hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . Brandon Belt hit a solo homer in the second inning and Brandon Crawford drove in a run with a ninth - inning single off Arodys Vizcaino . Brandon Crawford had a run - scoring single off Vizcaino in the ninth , and Brandon Crawford drove in a run with a single . Brandon Crawford drove in the Giants ' first run with a two - out infield single in the ninth . The Giants had runners on first and second with no outs in the ninth , but Vizcaino struck out Gregor Blanco and pinch - hitter Buster Posey to end it . Samardzija ( 7 - 3 ) gave up five runs , four earned , and six hits in five innings .
SEATTLE -- The Seattle Mariners ' 9 - 3 victory over the San Diego Padres on Friday night was a big hit . Kyle Seager hit a three - run homer , Dae-Ho Lee added a three - run shot and the Mariners beat the San Diego Padres 9 - 3 on Tuesday night . Adam Lind had two hits and two RBI for the Mariners , who have won four of five . Karns ( 5 - 1 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Seattle starter Andrew Cashner ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out three . Cashner ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out three . The Mariners scored in the second on an RBI single by Alexei Ramirez and a two - out RBI double by Alexei Ramirez in the sixth . Seattle starter Andrew Cashner ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out three . Cashner ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out three . Cashner ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out three . Cashner ( 2 - 5 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 6 1/3 innings .
TORONTO -- Marco Estrada did n't need much help from the New York Yankees . Estrada pitched eight innings of three - hit ball , Ryan Goins hit a solo homer and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Yankees 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Estrada ( 3 - 2 ) allowed three hits in eight innings , walked three and struck out six . He walked three and struck out six . Drew Storen got two outs for his third save in three chances . Ivan Nova ( 3 - 3 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in six innings for the Yankees . He walked one and struck out four . Brian McCann hit a two - run homer off Aaron Loup in the ninth for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Nova ( 3 - 3 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out four . The Blue Jays have won five of their past six meetings with the Yankees this season . New York has lost four of five . Nova ( 3 - 3 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out four . Goins hit his first home run of the season in the fifth , a drive into the second deck in right , and Goins connected in the fifth . Goins hit a two - out drive to center in the fifth , his third . Toronto cut it to 4 - 2 in the ninth on a two - run homer by Brian McCann , his third . Nova allowed four runs and eight hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out four .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals have n't had much success at the plate this season . Lorenzo Cain hit a go - ahead homer in the eighth inning , and the Royals rallied for three runs in the eighth inning to beat the Chicago White Sox 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Lorenzo Cain hit a solo homer in the eighth inning off Nate Jones ( 2 - 1 ) , who allowed three runs and three hits in one - third of an inning . Chris Young ( 2 - 5 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Wade Davis worked a perfect ninth for his 14th save in 16 chances . The Royals ' Chris Young ( 2 - 5 ) picked up the win with one inning of relief . Wade Davis pitched a perfect ninth for his 14th save in 16 chances . The Royals ' Chris Young ( 2 - 5 ) picked up the victory with one inning of relief . Wade Davis pitched a perfect ninth for his 14th save in 16 chances . The Royals ' Chris Young ( 2 - 5 ) picked up the win with a scoreless eighth inning . Wade Davis pitched a perfect ninth for his 14th save in 16 chances . The Royals ' Edinson Volquez gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Wade Davis pitched a perfect ninth for his 14th save in 16 chances . The White Sox scored two runs in the first inning , including a run - scoring single by Dioner Navarro and a run - scoring single by Dioner Navarro . Volquez allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings .
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals ' 10 - 2 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Friday night was a big hit . Jayson Werth hit a pinch - hit grand slam off Jonathan Broxton in the seventh inning , and the Nationals beat the St. Louis Cardinals 10 - 2 . Anthony Rendon homered and Bryce Harper had an RBI single for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Michael Wacha ( 2 - 6 ) gave up three runs and four hits in six innings for St. Louis . He struck out six and walked one . Strasburg ( 9 - 0 ) allowed one run and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . Strasburg ( 9 - 0 ) allowed one run and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . Michael Wacha ( 2 - 6 ) gave up three runs and four hits in six innings for St. Louis . He struck out six and walked one . Brandon Moss homered for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Wacha ( 2 - 6 ) gave up three runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Nationals have lost five of six . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . The Cardinals have lost four of five . Wacha ( 2 - 6 ) gave up three runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Matt Adams ' sacrifice fly . Moss hit a 3 - 2 pitch over the wall in right - center to give St. Louis a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth .
CHICAGO -- Kyle Hendricks did n't walk a batter and struck out seven in his first complete game of the season , and the Chicago Cubs beat the Philadelphia Phillies 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Hendricks ( 3 - 4 ) allowed one run and five hits , struck out seven and did n't walk a batter in his second complete game of the season . He struck out seven , walked none and lowered his ERA to a major league - best 2.93 . Cubs starter Jerad Eickhoff ( 2 - 7 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Ben Zobrist 's RBI double and Ben Zobrist 's RBI double in the second . Dexter Fowler homered in the bottom of the inning to give the Cubs a 1 - 0 lead . Ben Zobrist 's RBI double in the second made it 3 - 0 . Fowler led off the bottom of the first with his eighth homer of the season , and Ben Zobrist followed with an RBI double . The Cubs made it 3 - 0 in the second on Miguel Montero 's RBI double . Fowler led off the bottom of the first with a drive to right for his fourth leadoff homer of the season . The Cubs added two more runs in the second on RBI doubles by Jason Heyward and Jason Heyward . The Cubs added two more runs in the second on RBI doubles by Jason Heyward and Zobrist . The Cubs added two more runs in the second on RBI doubles by Jason Heyward and Zobrist . The Cubs added two more runs in the second on RBI doubles by Jason Heyward and Zobrist .
NEW YORK -- Adrian Gonzalez had four hits , including a solo homer in the ninth inning , and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the New York Mets 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Adrian Gonzalez had four hits , including a solo homer , and Corey Seager also went deep for the Dodgers , who have won three straight and five of six . Utley hit a grand slam off Logan Verrett ( 3 - 2 ) in the seventh inning and added a solo shot in the eighth . It was his second career two - homer game and first since July 31 , 2011 , against the Mets . The Dodgers have won three straight and five of six . The Mets have lost four of five . The Mets have lost four of five . Verrett ( 3 - 2 ) lasted only 3 2/3 innings , giving up two runs and four hits . He struck out three and walked none . Verrett ( 3 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and four hits in 3 2/3 innings . He was replaced by Hansel Robles , who was recalled from Triple-A Buffalo earlier in the day . Verrett ( 3 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and four hits in 3 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked none . Verrett ( 3 - 2 ) lasted only 3 2/3 innings , giving up two runs and four hits . He struck out three , walked none and hit a batter . Verrett ( 3 - 2 ) lasted only 3 2/3 innings , giving up two runs and four hits . He struck out three and walked none .
CLEVELAND -- Mark Trumbo and the Baltimore Orioles are on a roll . Trumbo hit a tiebreaking , two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Orioles beat the Cleveland Indians 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Trumbo hit a two - run homer off Zach McAllister ( 2 - 2 ) in the seventh to give the Orioles a 6 - 3 lead . Dylan Bundy ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Zach Britton pitched a perfect ninth for his 13th save in 14 chances . Baltimore 's Trevor Bauer gave up three runs and nine hits over six innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in four starts since being recalled from Triple-A Columbus on June 8 . Dylan Bundy ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Zach Britton pitched the ninth for his 13th save . Baltimore 's Trevor Bauer allowed three runs and nine hits over six innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in four starts since being recalled from Triple-A Columbus on June 15 . The Indians tied it at 3 in the fifth on Lindor 's sacrifice fly and Juan Uribe 's sacrifice fly . The Indians tied it in the bottom of the fifth on Juan Uribe 's RBI double and a sacrifice fly by Lindor . The Indians tied it at 3 in the fifth on Juan Uribe 's RBI double and a sacrifice fly by Lindor . Lindor 's homer in the eighth made it 6 - 4 . The Indians tied it at 3 in the fifth on Lindor 's sacrifice fly and a sacrifice fly by Lindor . Lindor hit a solo homer in the eighth .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have been waiting for Scott Kazmir to find a way to beat the Cincinnati Reds . Kazmir struck out a career - high 12 in six innings , Joc Pederson hit a two - run single and the Dodgers beat the Reds 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Kazmir ( 4 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings , struck out a season - high 12 and walked two . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last four starts . Kenley Jansen pitched a scoreless ninth for his 14th save . Dan Straily ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in seven innings , struck out 11 and walked one . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last four starts . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Reds have lost five of six . The Reds have lost five of six . The Reds have lost five of six . The Reds have lost five of six . The Reds have lost five of six . The Reds have lost five of six . Straily ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in seven innings , struck out 11 and walked one . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last four starts . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Jay Bruce 's RBI triple .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- The Texas Rangers had a season - high 18 hits in a 15 - 9 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Wednesday night . The Rangers had 18 hits in their highest - scoring game of the season , and their 18 hits were the most in the majors this season . Colby Lewis ( 4 - 0 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in five innings for the Rangers , who have won five of their last six games . Lewis ( 4 - 0 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out one . Hector Santiago ( 3 - 3 ) gave up six runs and five hits in 2 1/3 innings for the Angels , who have lost four of five . The Angels have lost five of their last six games . The Angels have lost five of six . Texas starter Colby Lewis ( 4 - 0 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out one . Hector Santiago ( 3 - 3 ) gave up six runs and five hits in 2 1/3 innings for the Angels , who have lost four of five . The Angels have lost five of their last six games . The Angels had a season - high 18 hits , matching their season high , in a game that was delayed by rain for 2 hours , 28 minutes . The Angels had 18 hits in the first two games of the series , including a game - ending homer by Albert Pujols in the ninth inning of a 15 - 9 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Wednesday night . The Angels had 18 hits , including three by Rafael Ortega , who had two hits and three RBI . Rafael Ortega hit a three - run homer in the eighth for Los Angeles .
NEW YORK -- Yankees manager Joe Girardi was happy to see Nathan Eovaldi pitch out of a jam in the seventh inning . Eovaldi ( 5 - 2 ) gave up two hits and three walks in six innings , Carlos Beltran hit a go - ahead homer and the Yankees beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6 - 0 on Tuesday night . Eovaldi ( 5 - 2 ) gave up two hits , walked three and struck out five . Dellin Betances and Kirby Yates finished the two - hitter , and Dellin Betances struck out two in a hitless ninth . Dickey ( 2 - 6 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Dickey ( 2 - 6 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Dickey ( 2 - 6 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Dickey ( 2 - 6 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Dickey ( 2 - 6 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Dickey ( 2 - 6 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Dickey ( 2 - 6 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Dickey ( 2 - 6 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two .
DETROIT -- Miguel Cabrera and the rest of the Detroit Tigers are starting to look like a team . Zimmermann pitched 5 2/3 innings , Miguel Cabrera hit a two - run homer and the Tigers beat the Tampa Bay Rays 9 - 4 on Tuesday night . Miguel Cabrera hit a two - run homer , and Victor Martinez added a two - run shot for the Tigers . Chris Archer ( 3 - 5 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in three - plus innings for Tampa Bay . Logan Morrison hit a two - run homer in the second for Tampa Bay , which has lost four of five . Logan Morrison hit a two - run homer in the second for Tampa Bay , which has lost four of five . Logan Morrison hit a two - run homer in the second for Tampa Bay , which has lost four of five . Logan Morrison hit a two - run homer in the second for Tampa Bay , which has lost four of five . The Rays took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by J. D. Martinez and an RBI single by Andrew Romine . The Rays tied it in the second on Tim Beckham 's two - run homer , but the Rays tied it in the second on Tim Beckham 's two - run homer . The Rays tied it in the second on Tim Beckham 's two - run homer , but the Rays tied it in the second on Tim Beckham 's two - run homer . The Rays tied it in the second on a two - run homer by Morrison , his fourth of the year . The Rays tied it in the second on a two - run homer by Morrison , his fourth .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox are starting to look like a team . Carlos Rodon pitched into the seventh inning , Melky Cabrera drove in two runs and the White Sox beat the Kansas City Royals 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Rodon ( 2 - 4 ) allowed eight hits and two runs in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . David Robertson pitched a perfect ninth for his 11th save in 13 chances . Yordano Ventura ( 4 - 3 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings for the Royals . He struck out three and walked four . Royals starter Yordano Ventura ( 4 - 3 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked four . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Alex Gordon doubled and scored on Omar Infante 's two - out single . The Royals cut it to 3 - 2 in the sixth when Austin Jackson led off with a double and scored on Cabrera 's two - out single . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Nate Jones struck out Salvador Perez and Alcides Escobar to end the threat . David Robertson pitched a perfect ninth for his 11th save in 13 chances . Ventura ( 4 - 3 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked four . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have won six of their last seven . The Royals have won six of their last seven games and have won six of their last seven .
MIAMI -- Ichiro Suzuki had four hits and Jose Fernandez pitched six strong innings to help the Miami Marlins beat the Washington Nationals 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Fernandez ( 6 - 2 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Fernandez ( 6 - 2 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Justin Bour hit a two - run homer and Marcell Ozuna had four hits for the Marlins , who have won four of five . Joe Ross ( 3 - 4 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Bryce Harper doubled and scored on Clint Robinson 's two - out single . Clint Robinson had an RBI single in the fourth for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Ross ( 3 - 4 ) allowed three runs , two earned , and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on a two - out RBI single by Clint Robinson . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on a two - out RBI single by Clint Robinson . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Chris Heisey drew a leadoff walk and scored on a single by Clint Robinson . Bour hit a two - run homer in the sixth to give the Marlins a 3 - 1 lead . Bour hit a two - run homer in the sixth .
DETROIT -- The Tampa Bay Rays have n't been able to do much better against Anibal Sanchez . Kevin Kiermaier hit a bases - loaded triple in a six - run sixth inning , and the Rays beat the Detroit Tigers 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Steve Pearce and Steve Pearce also homered for the Rays , who have won three of four . Alex Colome got the final three outs for his 11th save in as many chances . Anibal Sanchez ( 3 - 5 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . Sanchez ( 3 - 5 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . Sanchez ( 3 - 5 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Rays took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Corey Dickerson and a run - scoring double by Corey Dickerson . The Rays tied it in the third on Nick Castellanos 's leadoff walk , a double by Maybin and a two - run homer by Cabrera . Cabrera hit a 1 - 1 pitch over the wall in right - center for his second homer of the game . Cabrera hit his second homer of the game in the seventh . The Rays took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Corey Dickerson and a run - scoring double by Corey Dickerson . The Rays tied it in the third on Nick Castellanos 's leadoff walk , a single by Maybin and a walk to Justin Upton . Cabrera hit a 1 - 1 pitch over the wall in right - center to tie the game at 3 . Cabrera hit his second homer of the game in the seventh .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- The New York Yankees are starting to feel comfortable at the plate . CC Sabathia pitched three - hit ball over six innings and Carlos Beltran had three hits and three RBIs , leading the Yankees to an 8 - 3 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . Sabathia ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings , struck out eight and walked one . He has won three straight starts for the first time in his career . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.32 ERA in three starts against the A 's this season . Sabathia ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings , struck out eight and walked one . He has won three straight starts for the first time in his career . The A 's have lost five of their last six games . Gray ( 3 - 5 ) allowed five runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . The A 's have lost four of five . Gray ( 3 - 5 ) allowed five runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . The A 's have lost five of their last six games . Gray ( 3 - 5 ) was tagged for five runs -- four earned -- and five hits in 3 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked four . The A 's scored in the second when Tyler Ladendorf doubled and scored on a single by Coco Crisp .
ST. LOUIS -- Chris Herrmann is starting to come around for the Arizona Diamondbacks . Herrmann hit a two - run double in a five - run eighth inning , and the Diamondbacks beat the St. Louis Cardinals 11 - 7 on Tuesday night . Herrmann 's two - run single off Carlos Martinez ( 4 - 4 ) in the first inning gave Arizona a 2 - 0 lead . The Diamondbacks scored five runs in the fifth , highlighted by Herrmann 's two - run single . Brandon Drury added a solo homer in the ninth for the Diamondbacks , who have won four of five . Carlos Martinez ( 4 - 4 ) gave up four runs , four earned , and seven hits in five innings . He struck out three , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . Michael Bourn had two hits and drove in two runs for the Diamondbacks , who have won four of five . Carlos Martinez ( 4 - 4 ) gave up four runs , four earned , and seven hits in five innings . He struck out three , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . Michael Bourn had a two - run single in the first for the Diamondbacks , who have won four of five . Carlos Martinez ( 4 - 4 ) gave up four runs , four earned , and seven hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked three . The Cardinals scored five runs in the eighth , highlighted by Herrmann 's two - run single . Jake Barrett got the final out for his first career save . Carlos Martinez ( 4 - 4 ) gave up four runs , four earned , and seven hits in five innings .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Toronto Blue Jays have been waiting for Ervin Santana to throw a complete game . Edwin Encarnacion hit a tying , two - run homer in the sixth inning , Edwin Encarnacion had a tying , two - run shot in the sixth inning and the Blue Jays beat the Minnesota Twins 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Edwin Encarnacion hit a tying , two - run homer in the sixth inning and Edwin Encarnacion added a tying two - run shot in the sixth inning for the Blue Jays , who have won four of five . Roberto Osuna ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two perfect innings for the win . Joe Biagini pitched the 11th for his first major league save . Edwin Encarnacion had three hits , including a tying , two - run homer in the sixth , and Troy Tulowitzki had an RBI single in the 11th for the Blue Jays . Roberto Osuna ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two perfect innings for the win . Joe Biagini pitched the 11th for his first major league save . Toronto starter Marco Estrada gave up two runs -- one earned -- and three hits in eight innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Joe Biagini pitched the 11th for his first career save . Encarnacion hit a tying , two - run homer in the sixth to tie the game at 2 . It was Encarnacion 's third homer of the season and second in two games . Encarnacion 's homer was his first since July 8 , 2014 , against the Chicago White Sox . Encarnacion hit a tying , two - run homer in the sixth to tie the game at 2 . The Blue Jays added a run in the third on Joe Mauer 's RBI single .
PHILADELPHIA -- Adam Conley and the rest of the Miami Marlins have been waiting for him to get a win . Conley pitched six strong innings and Justin Bour homered to lead the Marlins to a 5 - 3 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Conley ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and eight hits in six - plus innings . He struck out five and walked one . Conley ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and eight hits in six - plus innings . He struck out five and walked one . A. J. Ramos pitched the ninth for his 12th save in as many chances . Jerad Eickhoff ( 1 - 6 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings for the Phillies . He struck out four and walked two . Phillies starter Jerad Eickhoff ( 1 - 6 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . Phillies starter Jerad Eickhoff ( 1 - 6 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . Phillies starter Jerad Eickhoff ( 1 - 6 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . Phillies starter Jerad Eickhoff ( 1 - 6 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth . Hechavarria led off with a double and scored on Martin Prado 's sacrifice fly . Hechavarria led off the inning with a double and scored on Christian Yelich 's double to right . Bour followed with a drive to right to make it 3 - 1 .
DENVER -- Tyler Chatwood was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Chatwood pitched seven solid innings , Carlos Gonzalez hit a go - ahead homer and the Colorado Rockies beat the New York Mets 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Chatwood ( 5 - 3 ) allowed three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked three . Jake McGee pitched the ninth for his 12th save in as many chances . Colorado starter Jacob deGrom allowed three runs and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Mets took a 3 - 1 lead in the third on Michael Conforto 's RBI single and Michael Conforto 's run - scoring single . The Mets took a 3 - 1 lead in the third . Eric Campbell led off with a double and scored on Michael Conforto 's single . Michael Conforto followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 1 . The Mets took a 3 - 1 lead in the third . Eric Campbell led off with a double and scored on Michael Conforto 's single . Michael Conforto followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 1. deGrom allowed three runs and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Eric Campbell led off with a double and scored on Michael Conforto 's single . Michael Conforto 's RBI single and Michael Conforto 's run - scoring single in the third made it 3 - 1. deGrom allowed three runs and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Ian Desmond has been a big part of the Texas Rangers ' 7 - 6 win over the Toronto Blue Jays on Wednesday night . Desmond hit a go - ahead , three - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Rangers rallied to beat the Blue Jays 7 - 6 in the opener of a three - game series between the AL West 's top two teams . Desmond 's three - run homer in the seventh inning off Jesse Chavez ( 0 - 1 ) gave the Rangers a 7 - 6 lead . Matt Bush ( 1 - 0 ) struck out one in 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Sam Dyson pitched a perfect ninth for his second save in four chances . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . Kevin Pillar had two hits and drove in two runs for the Blue Jays . Kevin Pillar had two hits and drove in two runs for the Blue Jays . Kevin Pillar had two hits and drove in two runs for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Kevin Pillar had two hits and drove in two runs for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Kevin Pillar had two hits and drove in two runs for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Kevin Pillar had two hits and drove in two runs for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Sanchez allowed six runs and seven hits over 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked four . Sanchez allowed six runs and seven hits over 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked four .
CLEVELAND -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting for Ervin Santana to get a win . Santana pitched six strong innings , Juan Centeno hit a two - run homer and the Twins beat the Cleveland Indians 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Santana ( 1 - 2 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Santana ( 1 - 2 ) gave up one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Santana ( 1 - 2 ) gave up one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.16 ERA in four starts against the Indians this season . Santana ( 1 - 2 ) gave up one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.16 ERA in four starts against the Indians this season . Santana ( 1 - 2 ) allowed one run and five hits in six - plus innings . He struck out five and walked one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.16 ERA in four starts against the Indians . Santana ( 1 - 2 ) gave up one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.16 ERA in four starts against the Indians . Kluber , who has lost five of his last six starts , gave up four runs and seven hits over 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked three .
CHICAGO -- Jake Arrieta has been a big part of the Chicago Cubs ' rotation . Arrieta pitched eight innings of three - hit ball , Anthony Rizzo hit a three - run homer and the Cubs beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Arrieta ( 7 - 0 ) allowed two runs and three hits in eight innings , striking out 11 and walking two . The right - hander has gone at least seven innings in each of his last seven starts . Arrieta ( 7 - 0 ) allowed two runs and three hits in eight innings . He walked two and struck out a season - high 11 . Jeff Locke ( 1 - 3 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Locke ( 1 - 3 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on Francisco Cervelli 's two - out , two - run single . Locke ( 1 - 3 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Gregory Polanco led off with a double and scored on Francisco Cervelli 's two - out , two - run single . The Cubs added another run in the sixth when Heyward led off with a double and scored on Kris Bryant 's single . The Cubs added two more in the eighth on RBI singles by Dexter Fowler and Dexter Fowler off A. J. Schugel .
PHOENIX -- Jeff Samardzija has been a big part of the San Francisco Giants ' rotation . Samardzija pitched eight strong innings , Joe Panik hit a three - run homer and the Giants beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Samardzija ( 5 - 2 ) allowed one run and eight hits in eight innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter . Santiago Casilla got the final two outs for his eighth save . Samardzija ( 5 - 2 ) allowed one run and eight hits in eight innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter . Santiago Casilla got the final two outs for his eighth save . Samardzija ( 5 - 2 ) allowed one run and eight hits in eight innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter . Santiago Casilla got the final two outs for his eighth save in 10 chances . Samardzija ( 5 - 2 ) gave up one run and eight hits in eight innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter . Santiago Casilla got the final two outs for his eighth save in 10 chances . Miller ( 1 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on Jean Segura 's run - scoring single . Arizona loaded the bases with one out in the sixth , but Samardzija struck out Paul Goldschmidt and Yasmany Tomas to end the threat . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on a run - scoring single by Jean Segura and an RBI single by Jean Segura .
NEW YORK -- Didi Gregorius hit a two - run homer , Didi Gregorius added a two - run shot and the New York Yankees beat the Kansas City Royals 7 - 3 on Tuesday night for their seventh win in 10 games . Nathan Eovaldi ( 3 - 2 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in five innings for the Yankees , who took two of three from the AL Central leaders . Nathan Eovaldi ( 3 - 2 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked two . Alex Gordon homered and drove in two runs for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Nathan Eovaldi ( 3 - 2 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked two . Ian Kennedy ( 4 - 3 ) was charged with seven runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out six . Alex Gordon hit a solo homer and Christian Colon had an RBI single for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Nathan Eovaldi ( 3 - 2 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked two . Dellin Betances , Kirby Yates and Chasen Shreve completed the six - hitter . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . Kennedy ( 4 - 3 ) allowed seven runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings .
CHICAGO -- The San Diego Padres are starting to feel good at Wrigley Field . Drew Pomeranz struck out 10 in six innings , Christian Bethancourt hit a solo homer and the Padres beat the Chicago Cubs 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Pomeranz ( 4 - 3 ) allowed three hits , walked three and struck out a career - high 10 in six innings . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 10th save in 11 chances . John Lackey ( 4 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in eight innings , striking out seven and walking none . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a no - decision in four starts against the Padres this season . Lackey ( 4 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Cubs have lost four of five . Lackey ( 4 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Cubs have lost four of five . Lackey ( 4 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Cubs have lost four of five . The Cubs have lost four of five . The Cubs have lost four of five . The Cubs have lost four of five . The Cubs have lost four of five . The Cubs have lost four of five . The Cubs have lost four of five .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Chris Davis had four hits , including a two - run homer in the ninth inning , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Minnesota Twins 9 - 2 on Tuesday night . Davis hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the ninth to help the Orioles snap a three - game losing streak . Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the ninth off Brandon Kintzler . Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the ninth off Brandon Kintzler . Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the ninth off Brandon Kintzler . Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the ninth off Brandon Kintzler . Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the ninth off Brandon Kintzler . Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth to make it 5 - 1 . Trumbo added a two - run shot in the ninth off Brandon Kintzler . Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth to make it 5 - 1 . Trumbo added a two - run shot in the ninth off Brandon Kintzler . Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the ninth off Brandon Kintzler . Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Brandon Kintzler .
HOUSTON -- Trevor Bauer did n't need much help from his defense . Bauer pitched three - hit ball over seven innings , and the Cleveland Indians beat the Houston Astros 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Bauer ( 3 - 0 ) allowed three hits and struck out seven in seven innings . He struck out seven . Bauer ( 3 - 0 ) allowed three hits , struck out seven and walked three . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.48 ERA in four starts against Houston this season . Chris Devenski ( 0 - 2 ) yielded five hits and two runs in 6 2/3 innings for the Astros . Houston starter Chris Devenski ( 0 - 2 ) yielded five hits and two runs in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five . Houston starter Chris Devenski ( 0 - 2 ) yielded five hits and two runs in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five . Houston starter Chris Devenski ( 0 - 2 ) allowed five hits and two runs in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five . Houston starter Chris Devenski ( 0 - 2 ) allowed five hits and two runs in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five . Houston starter Chris Devenski ( 0 - 2 ) allowed five hits and two runs in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five . Houston starter Chris Devenski ( 0 - 2 ) allowed five hits and two runs in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five . Houston starter Chris Devenski ( 0 - 2 ) allowed five hits and two runs in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five . Houston starter Chris Devenski ( 0 - 2 ) yielded five hits and two runs in 6 2/3 innings .
SEATTLE -- Steve Cishek got the final four outs for his 11th save in the Seattle Mariners ' 6 - 4 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Friday night . Dae-Ho Lee hit a three - run homer and Franklin Gutierrez added a three - run shot , helping the Mariners to a 6 - 4 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Franklin Gutierrez hit a two - run homer and Franklin Gutierrez added a two - run shot for the Mariners , who have won four of five . Wade Miley ( 3 - 2 ) allowed four runs and four hits in six innings for the Mariners . He struck out six and walked one . Drew Smyly ( 1 - 4 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Steve Pearce hit a pair of solo home runs for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Wade Miley ( 3 - 2 ) allowed four runs and four hits in six innings for the Mariners . He struck out six and walked one . Drew Smyly ( 1 - 4 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Tampa Bay starter Drew Smyly ( 1 - 4 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Tampa Bay starter Drew Smyly ( 1 - 4 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in five innings .
DENVER -- Rubby De La Rosa did n't need much run support for the Arizona Diamondbacks . De La Rosa pitched into the eighth inning , Paul Goldschmidt and Paul Goldschmidt homered and the Diamondbacks beat the Colorado Rockies 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . De La Rosa ( 4 - 4 ) allowed one run and four hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . De La Rosa ( 4 - 4 ) allowed one run and four hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . De La Rosa ( 4 - 4 ) allowed one run and four hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Chris Rusin ( 1 - 1 ) allowed four runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Rockies . He struck out four and walked two . De La Rosa ( 4 - 4 ) allowed one run and four hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . De La Rosa ( 4 - 4 ) allowed one run and four hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Brad Ziegler , Brad Ziegler and Brad Ziegler each pitched a perfect inning to complete the four - hitter . De La Rosa ( 4 - 4 ) allowed one run and four hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Chris Rusin ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Rockies . He struck out four and walked two . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth on Nick Ahmed 's RBI double and Nick Ahmed 's run - scoring single .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The Toronto Blue Jays have n't had much success against the San Francisco Giants this season . Troy Tulowitzki homered and drove in three runs , J. A. Happ pitched a career - high 8 2/3 innings and the Blue Jays beat the Giants 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Troy Tulowitzki homered and drove in three runs and Michael Saunders had three hits for the Blue Jays , who have won four of five . Matt Cain ( 0 - 5 ) gave up two runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Cain ( 0 - 5 ) gave up two runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Giants have lost six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the majors . The Giants have lost four of five . Cain ( 0 - 5 ) gave up two runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . Cain ( 0 - 5 ) gave up two runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . San Francisco has lost three straight and eight of 10 . The Giants have lost six of their last seven . San Francisco has lost three straight and eight of 10 .
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles did n't need much offense to beat the Oakland Athletics . Chris Davis hit a two - run homer , Ubaldo Jimenez pitched eight innings of two - run ball and the Orioles beat the Athletics 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Baltimore has won three straight and seven of eight . The Orioles have won six of seven and have the worst record in the American League . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 2 - 3 ) gave up two runs and nine hits in eight innings , striking out six and walking one . Zach Britton pitched a perfect ninth for his seventh save . Jesse Hahn ( 1 - 1 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Hahn ( 1 - 1 ) gave up five runs , eight hits and four walks in 5 1/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last seven starts . The A 's have lost five of six . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The A 's have lost six of seven . Oakland has lost four of five . The A 's have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The A 's have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The A 's have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The A 's have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The A 's have lost six of seven . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the third when Caleb Joseph doubled and scored on a groundout by Adam Jones .
PITTSBURGH -- Anthony Rizzo had four hits , including a three - run homer in the third inning , and the Chicago Cubs beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Rizzo had four hits and scored three runs , and Javier Baez had three hits and two RBIs for the Cubs . Javier Baez had three hits and two RBIs , and Javier Baez had three hits and two RBIs for the Cubs . Javier Baez had three hits and two RBIs for the Cubs , who have won three of four . Juan Nicasio ( 3 - 3 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . Nicasio ( 3 - 3 ) was charged with four runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . Nicasio ( 3 - 3 ) was charged with four runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . Nicasio ( 3 - 3 ) was charged with four runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . Nicasio ( 3 - 3 ) was charged with four runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . Nicasio ( 3 - 3 ) was charged with four runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . Nicasio ( 3 - 3 ) was charged with four runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Pirates have lost six of their past seven games . Pittsburgh has lost six of seven .
PITTSBURGH -- Jake Arrieta has been pitching well for the Chicago Cubs this season . Arrieta pitched seven innings of two - hit ball , Anthony Rizzo had two hits and drove in a run and the Cubs beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Arrieta ( 6 - 0 ) allowed two hits , walked two and struck out five . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last seven starts . Arrieta ( 6 - 0 ) struck out five and walked two in his third start since coming off the 15 - day disabled list with a strained lower back . The right - hander is 6 - 1 with a 1.71 ERA in his last 10 starts . Arrieta ( 6 - 0 ) struck out five and walked two in his third start since coming off the 15 - day disabled list with a strained lower back . He has not allowed more than three earned runs in any of his seven starts this season . The Pirates have won four of their last five games . Arrieta ( 6 - 0 ) struck out five and walked two in his first win since July 3 . He also had an RBI single in the eighth . Arrieta ( 6 - 0 ) struck out five and walked two while improving to 4 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last four starts . The right - hander is 6 - 1 with a 1.71 ERA in his last 10 starts . Arrieta ( 6 - 0 ) struck out five and walked two while improving to 4 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last four starts . The right - hander is 6 - 1 with a 1.71 ERA in his last 10 starts . Arrieta ( 6 - 0 ) struck out five and walked two while improving to 4 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last four starts . The right - hander is 6 - 1 with a 1.71 ERA in his last 10 starts . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . Arrieta ( 6 - 0 ) struck out five and walked two while improving to 4 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last four starts . The right - hander is 6 - 1 with a 1.71 ERA in his last 10 starts . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season .
SAN DIEGO -- James Shields and the San Diego Padres finally found a way to beat the Colorado Rockies . Shields pitched six strong innings , Matt Kemp hit a two - run double and the Padres beat the Rockies 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Shields ( 1 - 4 ) allowed one run and nine hits in six innings , struck out five and walked two . The right - hander has won his first three starts of the season . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his fifth save in five chances . Jon Gray ( 0 - 1 ) struck out a career - high 11 in six innings , allowing two runs and four hits . He walked one and struck out a career - high 11 . Shields ( 1 - 4 ) allowed one run and nine hits in six innings , struck out five and walked two . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his fifth save in five chances . Jon Gray ( 0 - 1 ) struck out a career - high 11 and allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out a career - high 11 . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games . Gray ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and four hits in six innings , struck out 11 and walked one . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against the Padres this season . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games . The Rockies have lost five of six .
NEW YORK -- The San Francisco Giants are starting to feel good at the plate . Madison Bumgarner pitched six scoreless innings and Hunter Pence hit a two - run homer , leading the Giants to a 6 - 1 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Buster Posey and Buster Posey also homered for the Giants , who have won three of four . Bumgarner ( 3 - 2 ) struck out seven and walked three in six - plus innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Bumgarner ( 3 - 2 ) allowed six hits , struck out seven and walked three . He struck out seven in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained muscle in his left side . He struck out seven , walked three and threw 75 of his 112 pitches for strikes . Bumgarner ( 3 - 2 ) allowed six hits , struck out seven and walked three . He threw 75 of 112 pitches for strikes . Buster Posey homered in the eighth off Logan Verrett for a 6 - 1 lead . David Wright had two hits and an RBI for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Syndergaard ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . New York has lost four of five . Syndergaard ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . New York has lost four of five . Syndergaard ( 2 - 1 ) allowed four runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two .
ST. LOUIS -- Royals manager Ned Yost was n't going to give the Kansas City Royals a win . Kendrys Morales hit a tiebreaking solo homer in the eighth inning , and the Royals beat the St. Louis Cardinals 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Morales hit a solo homer in the eighth inning off Tyler Lyons to make it 4 - 2 . Dillon Gee ( 3 - 2 ) pitched two innings for the win . Wade Davis worked the ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . Mike Leake ( 5 - 6 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in seven innings for St. Louis . He struck out four and walked one . Brandon Moss homered for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Dillon Gee ( 3 - 2 ) pitched two innings for the win . Wade Davis worked the ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . The Royals have lost five of their last six games . Leake ( 5 - 6 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- on five hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Royals have lost five of their last six games . Leake was charged with three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Royals have lost five of their last six games and have dropped five of their last six games . Leake allowed five hits and three runs -- two earned -- in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . Moss hit a solo homer in the sixth .
SEATTLE -- Taijuan Walker has been a big part of the Seattle Mariners ' rotation . Walker pitched 6 1/3 innings of four - hit ball , Seth Smith hit a two - run homer and the Mariners beat the Baltimore Orioles 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Walker ( 4 - 6 ) allowed one run and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Walker ( 4 - 6 ) allowed one run and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Walker ( 4 - 6 ) gave up one run and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Walker ( 4 - 6 ) allowed one run and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Walker ( 4 - 6 ) gave up one run and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Walker ( 4 - 6 ) allowed one run and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Chris Tillman ( 10 - 2 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked three . The Mariners have lost five of six . The Orioles have lost five of six . The Orioles have lost five of six . The Orioles have lost five of six . The Orioles have lost five of six . The Orioles have lost five of six .
SEATTLE -- Sean Rodriguez had a big night for the Pittsburgh Pirates . Rodriguez drove in four runs , Jameson Taillon pitched six strong innings and the Pirates beat the Seattle Mariners 8 - 1 on Tuesday night . Rodriguez had a two - run double in the second inning and a three - run double in the fifth . He also had a two - run double in the second inning and a three - run double in the fifth off Wade Miley ( 6 - 4 ) . David Freese also homered for the Pirates , who have won three of four . Wade Miley ( 6 - 4 ) lasted only four innings , giving up five runs and seven hits . He lasted only four innings , his shortest outing of the season . The Mariners have lost four of five . Miley ( 6 - 4 ) lasted only four innings , giving up five runs and seven hits . He lasted four innings , giving up five runs and seven hits . The Mariners scored three runs in the second inning off Seattle starter Wade Miley ( 6 - 4 ) . Starling Marte led off with a single and scored on Rodriguez 's double . The Pirates added three more runs in the fourth on RBI doubles by Rodriguez and Jordy Mercer and a run - scoring single by Josh Harrison . Josh Harrison added a two - run double in the fifth to make it 8 - 0 . Miley allowed five runs and seven hits in four innings , his shortest outing of the season . He lasted four innings , giving up five runs and seven hits . The Mariners scored three runs in the second . Marte led off with a single , stole second and scored on Rodriguez 's double into the right - field corner . The Pirates added three runs in the fourth . Marte led off with a double and scored on Rodriguez 's double . Rodriguez added a run - scoring single .
PHOENIX -- The Philadelphia Phillies had n't won a game at Chase Field this season . Cesar Hernandez had four hits , including a go - ahead sacrifice fly in the 10th inning , and the Phillies beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 9 - 8 on Tuesday night . Andres Blanco hit a two - run single in the eighth for the Phillies , who have won four of five . Jeanmar Gomez ( 3 - 2 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Brett Oberholtzer pitched the 10th for his first career save . Michael Bourn had four hits for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Jeanmar Gomez ( 3 - 2 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Brett Oberholtzer pitched the 10th for his first career save . Michael Bourn had a career - high four hits for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Michael Bourn had four hits for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Michael Bourn had a career - high four hits for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Michael Bourn had a career - high four hits for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Michael Bourn had a career - high four hits for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Michael Bourn had four hits for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Michael Bourn had four hits for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Michael Bourn had a career - high four hits for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Michael Bourn had a career - high four hits for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Arizona starter Archie Bradley allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one .
SAN DIEGO -- Baltimore Orioles manager Buck Showalter was n't surprised to see Chris Davis hit a game - ending homer in the first inning . Davis hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning and drove in three runs to lead the Orioles to an 11 - 7 victory over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night . The Orioles scored seven runs in the sixth inning , highlighted by Adam Rosales ' two - run double and pinch - hitter Adam Rosales ' two - run double . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 5 - 7 ) allowed one run and three hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked four . Jimenez ( 5 - 7 ) allowed one run and three hits in five innings , struck out five and walked four . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his previous five starts . The Orioles have won six of their last seven games . The Orioles have lost five of six . The Orioles have lost five of six . The Orioles have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six .
CINCINNATI -- Javier Baez hit a grand slam in the 15th inning , and the Chicago Cubs rallied for a 7 - 2 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Baez hit a grand slam off J. J. Hoover ( 1 - 2 ) , who was making his major league debut . The Cubs have won four of their last five games . Baez hit a grand slam off J. J. Hoover ( 1 - 2 ) in the 15th to give Chicago a 7 - 2 lead . It was Baez 's third career grand slam and first since July 31 , 2012 , at Great American Ball Park . Spencer Patton ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning for the win . Ben Zobrist led off the game with a homer , and Ben Zobrist also went deep for the Cubs . Spencer Patton ( 1 - 0 ) retired the only two batters he faced to earn the win . Carl Edwards Jr. struck out two in a perfect eighth , and Hector Rondon gave up a two - out RBI single to Eugenio Suarez in the ninth . Hector Rondon gave up Eugenio Suarez 's two - out RBI single in the ninth before Joel Peralta came on to strike out pinch - hitter Tyler Holt to end the inning . The Cubs had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth , but Cozart grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Cubs had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth , but Cozart grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Reds had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth , but Cozart grounded into a double play .
ATLANTA -- Lonnie Chisenhall had a big night at the plate . Chisenhall hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs , Trevor Bauer pitched six strong innings and the Cleveland Indians beat the Atlanta Braves 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Chisenhall 's homer in the fourth off Tyrell Jenkins ( 0 - 1 ) gave the Indians a 4 - 1 lead . It was his second homer of the season and second in two days . Mike Napoli had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the eighth off Joba Chamberlain . Tyler Flowers hit a solo homer in the ninth for the Braves , who have won four of five . Tyrell Jenkins ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs , six hits and one walk in four innings . Jenkins ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs , six hits and one walk in four - plus innings . Jenkins ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs , six hits and one walk in four - plus innings . Jenkins ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs , six hits and one walk in four - plus innings . Jenkins ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs , six hits and one walk in four - plus innings . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Jose Ramirez . The Indians tied it in the third when Ender Inciarte walked , stole second , moved to third on Peterson 's throwing error and scored on Nick Markakis ' sacrifice fly . The Indians tied it in the bottom half on Nick Markakis ' sacrifice fly .
DETROIT -- Lonnie Chisenhall had a big night for the Cleveland Indians . Chisenhall had four hits , including a home run , and drove in three runs , leading the Indians to a 9 - 3 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Chisenhall had four hits , including a two - run homer in the fifth inning , and Tyler Naquin and Tyler Naquin also went deep for the Indians , who have won four of five . Tomlin ( 9 - 1 ) allowed three runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out three and walked one . Victor Martinez homered twice for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Verlander ( 7 - 6 ) allowed eight runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Verlander ( 7 - 6 ) allowed eight runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Victor Martinez hit two solo homers for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Verlander ( 7 - 6 ) allowed eight runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Tigers took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth . Michael Martinez led off with a double and scored on Chisenhall 's two - out single . Yan Gomes ' RBI single in the fourth put the Indians ahead 2 - 1 . Martinez hit a solo homer in the bottom of the inning , but the Indians tied it in the bottom of the inning on Martinez 's second homer of the season . Martinez hit a 1 - 2 pitch over the wall in right - center for his 14th homer of the year . Martinez 's homer was his first since July 26 , 2011 , against the Chicago White Sox .
BALTIMORE -- Matt Wieters homered twice and drove in three runs , Adam Jones also homered and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 8 - 6 on Tuesday night . Wieters hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning and a solo shot in the eighth . It was the second multihomer game of the season for the Orioles , who have won six of seven . T. J. McFarland ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Zach Britton worked the ninth for his 23rd save . Erasmo Ramirez ( 7 - 6 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and four hits in 1 1/3 innings . Tampa Bay starter Chris Tillman gave up a season - high six runs and 10 hits in five innings . The right - hander is winless in his last five starts . Baltimore starter Jake Odorizzi allowed five runs and eight hits in five - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander has given up three home runs in his last three starts . Baltimore starter Jake Odorizzi allowed five runs and eight hits in five - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander has given up three home runs in his last three starts . Baltimore starter Jake Odorizzi allowed five runs and eight hits in five - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander has given up three home runs in his last three starts . Baltimore starter Jake Odorizzi allowed five runs and eight hits in five - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander has given up three home runs in his last three starts .
BALTIMORE -- Baltimore Orioles manager Buck Showalter was happy to see Ubaldo Jimenez 's strong pitching performance . Jimenez pitched six innings of four - hit ball , Mark Trumbo homered and the Orioles beat the San Diego Padres 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Jimenez ( 4 - 7 ) gave up two runs and four hits in six innings , striking out seven and walking four . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in four career starts against the Padres , including 4 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in his last six starts . Jimenez ( 4 - 7 ) gave up two runs and four hits in six innings , striking out seven and walking four . The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his six starts this season . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning when Travis Jankowski led off with a double and scored on a single by Matt Kemp . Baltimore went up 2 - 1 in the bottom half on a run - scoring double by Jonathan Schoop and a run - scoring single by Jonathan Schoop . Baltimore took a 2 - 1 lead in the third . Adam Jones led off with a double and scored on a double by Jonathan Schoop . Matt Wieters followed with a run - scoring single , and Chris Davis was hit by a pitch with the bases loaded . Baltimore took a 2 - 1 lead in the third . Flaherty led off with a double and scored on a double by Jonathan Schoop . The Orioles took a 2 - 1 lead in the third . Flaherty led off with a double and scored on a double by Jonathan Schoop . The Orioles pulled to 3 - 2 in the fifth . Travis Jankowski hit a leadoff double and scored on a single by Kemp .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Texas Rangers manager Ron Washington said he was n't thinking about his team 's offense , but it was n't enough to keep the Rangers in the game . Shin-Soo Choo hit a go - ahead two - run single in the fourth inning , and the Rangers beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Ian Desmond and Ian Desmond also homered for the Rangers . Shawn Tolleson ( 2 - 2 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Sam Dyson pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 16 chances . Ian Desmond homered and Shin-Soo Choo had a two - run single for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Shawn Tolleson ( 2 - 2 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Sam Dyson pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 16 chances . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost four of five . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost four of five . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost four of five . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost four of five . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost four of five . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost four of five . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost four of five . Gausman ( 0 - 5 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . Baltimore 's Derek Holland allowed three runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings .
BALTIMORE -- Baltimore Orioles manager Buck Showalter was happy to see his team get a win . Matt Wieters had four hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Orioles beat the Toronto Blue Jays 11 - 6 on Tuesday night . Matt Wieters had four hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in four runs , and Chris Davis had three hits and scored three runs for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Chris Tillman ( 10 - 1 ) gave up four runs and five hits in five innings for the Orioles , who have won six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Chris Tillman ( 10 - 1 ) gave up four runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Troy Tulowitzki hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Devon Travis added a two - run drive in the second for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Chris Tillman ( 10 - 1 ) allowed four runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Troy Tulowitzki hit a two - run homer in the second inning for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Stroman ( 6 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and 10 hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Blue Jays took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Schoop and a two - run shot by Schoop . The Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half on Schoop 's RBI single and Wieters ' two - run homer in the bottom half .
HOUSTON -- The Cincinnati Reds had n't won a game at Minute Maid Park since the end of the 2012 season . The Reds had n't won a game in a row since the end of the 2012 season . The Reds won their third straight game , beating the Houston Astros 4 - 2 in the opener of a day - night doubleheader . J. J. Hoover ( 1 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win and Tony Cingrani got three outs for his eighth save in as many chances . J. J. Hoover ( 1 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Tony Cingrani pitched the 11th for his eighth save in as many chances . Carlos Correa homered for the Astros , who have lost four of five . J. J. Hoover ( 1 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Tony Cingrani pitched the 11th for his eighth save in five chances . Carlos Correa homered for the Astros , who have lost four of five . J. J. Hoover ( 1 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Tony Cingrani pitched the 11th for his eighth save in five chances . Carlos Gomez hit a solo homer in the eighth for the Astros . Carlos Gomez had three hits for Houston , including an RBI single in the sixth that tied it 1 - 1 . Carlos Gomez had three hits , including an RBI single in the sixth that tied it 1 - 1 . Carlos Gomez had three hits for Houston , including an RBI single in the sixth that tied it 1 - 1 . The Astros tied it at 1 in the sixth when Marwin Gonzalez walked with one out and scored on a single by Gomez .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres are starting to feel good at Petco Park . Luis Perdomo allowed three runs in six innings , B. J. Upton homered and drove in two runs and the Padres beat the Miami Marlins 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Perdomo ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings , struck out four and walked two . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 13th save in as many chances . Justin Bour led off the game with a single , stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch . Miguel Rojas followed with a sacrifice fly . Perdomo ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 13th save in 14 chances . The Padres have lost four of five . The Marlins have lost five of six . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Justin Bour led off with a double and scored on Miguel Rojas ' sacrifice fly . The Marlins went ahead 3 - 1 in the fourth on RBI singles by Christian Yelich and Miguel Rojas . Miguel Rojas hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth to give the Marlins a 3 - 1 lead . Miguel Rojas ' sacrifice fly in the fourth made it 3 - 1 . Nicolino allowed 10 hits and five runs in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Nicolino gave up five runs and 10 hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Nicolino gave up five runs and 10 hits in 4 2/3 innings .
BOSTON -- Zach Britton got the final four outs for his first save of the season , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Boston Red Sox 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Tillman ( 9 - 1 ) gave up one run and five hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking two . The right - hander is 5 - 0 in his last seven starts . Tillman ( 9 - 1 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Jackie Bradley Jr. homered for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . David Price ( 7 - 4 ) struck out 11 in eight innings , allowing three runs and five hits . He struck out 11 and walked none . Jackie Bradley Jr. homered for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Price ( 7 - 4 ) struck out 11 in eight innings , allowing three runs and five hits . He walked none and struck out a season - high 11 . Jackie Bradley Jr. hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Price ( 7 - 4 ) struck out 11 in eight innings , allowing three runs and five hits . He walked none and struck out a season - high 11 . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Jonathan Schoop hit a one - out solo homer into the Green Monster seats . Bradley cut it to 2 - 1 in the bottom of the inning with his first homer of the season , a drive into the Green Monster seats .
NEW YORK -- Jameson Taillon gave the Pittsburgh Pirates a much - needed win . Taillon pitched two - hit ball for eight innings , Starling Marte hit a two - run homer and the Pirates beat the New York Mets 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Taillon ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two hits and struck out five in eight innings . He struck out five and walked one . Taillon ( 1 - 0 ) struck out five and walked one in his first major league start . He struck out five and walked one . Taillon ( 1 - 0 ) struck out five and walked one in his first major league start . He struck out five and walked one . Tony Watson pitched the ninth and Tony Watson pitched the ninth for the Pirates , who have won three of four . Jacob deGrom ( 3 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings for New York . He struck out nine and walked one . The Mets have lost five of six . deGrom ( 3 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked one . The Mets have lost five of six . deGrom ( 3 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked one . The Mets have lost five of six . deGrom ( 3 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked one . The Mets have lost five of their last six games . deGrom ( 3 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings .
CHICAGO -- Miguel Cabrera and the Detroit Tigers did n't need much help from the Chicago White Sox . Justin Upton drove in four runs and J. D. Martinez had four hits to lead the Tigers to an 11 - 8 victory over the White Sox on Tuesday night . Justin Upton drove in four runs and J. D. Martinez had three hits for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Jordan Zimmermann ( 9 - 3 ) allowed six runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked one . Miguel Gonzalez ( 1 - 2 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in 3 1 - 3 innings for Chicago , which has lost four of five . Miguel Gonzalez ( 1 - 2 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in 3 1 - 3 innings for Chicago , which has lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . Miguel Gonzalez ( 1 - 2 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in 3 1 - 3 innings for Chicago , which has lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . Miguel Gonzalez ( 1 - 2 ) gave up seven runs , eight hits and four walks in 3 1 - 3 innings . The White Sox have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their 10 - game road trip . Jose Iglesias had an RBI single in the first and a run - scoring single in the fourth . The White Sox scored three times in the fourth to take a 6 - 2 lead . Cabrera hit an RBI double and scored on McCann 's sacrifice fly .
ATLANTA -- Jon Lester was n't about to let the game slip away . Lester pitched seven strong innings , Javier Baez hit a three - run homer and the Chicago Cubs beat the Atlanta Braves 13 - 2 on Tuesday night . Lester ( 8 - 3 ) allowed an unearned run and five hits , struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The right - hander had been 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in his previous four starts . Lester ( 8 - 3 ) allowed an unearned run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter . John Gant ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out five . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Chris Coghlan led off with a double and scored on Rizzo 's double . Rizzo followed with a run - scoring single , and Rizzo followed with a run - scoring single to make it 3 - 1 . Rizzo had an RBI single in the sixth and a three - run homer in the eighth off Chris Withrow . Cubs starter John Gant ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in 4 1/3 innings . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Heyward singled , stole second and scored on Rizzo 's double . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Heyward singled , stole second and scored on Rizzo 's double . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Heyward singled , stole second and scored on Rizzo 's double .
CINCINNATI -- The Cincinnati Reds have been waiting for Sonny Gray to get a win . The right - hander has been one of the best pitchers in the majors this season . The right - hander allowed two runs and five hits in 7 2/3 innings , striking out four , and the Reds beat the Oakland Athletics 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Gray ( 3 - 6 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out four , walked one and hit a batter with a pitch . Blake Wood ( 5 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win and Tony Cingrani got three outs for his sixth save in seven chances . Sonny Gray ( 3 - 6 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 7 2/3 innings for the A 's . He struck out four and walked one . The A 's have lost five of their last six games . The A 's have lost five of their last six games . The A 's have lost five of their last six games . The A 's have lost five of their last six games . The A 's have lost five of their last six games . The A 's have lost five of their last six games . The A 's have lost five of their last six games . The A 's have lost five of their last six games . The A 's have lost five of their last six games . The A 's have lost five of their last six games . The A 's have lost five of their last six games . The A 's have lost five of their last six games .
PITTSBURGH -- Michael Conforto and the New York Mets are starting to look like a team . Conforto hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the eighth inning , and the Mets rallied for a 6 - 5 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Yoenis Cespedes led off the 10th with a single off Cory Luebke ( 0 - 1 ) and advanced to third on Yoenis Cespedes ' single . Conforto followed with his second homer of the season , a two - run shot that tied the game at 5 . Addison Reed ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Jeurys Familia got Jung Ho Kang to ground into a game - ending double play with runners on first and second to end the game . Familia walked Jordy Mercer to load the bases with one out in the 10th , but Familia got Jung Ho Kang to hit into a game - ending double play for his 19th save in 21 opportunities . The Mets have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Addison Reed ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Jeurys Familia got Jung Ho Kang to ground into a game - ending double play with runners on first and second to end the game for his 19th save in 21 opportunities . The Mets have lost six of seven . Pittsburgh starter Noah Syndergaard allowed three runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Pittsburgh starter Jameson Taillon allowed three runs and six hits in six innings , walking two and striking out three .
SAN FRANCISCO -- David Price did n't get much help from his defense . Brandon Belt hit a go - ahead homer in the eighth inning and the San Francisco Giants beat the Boston Red Sox 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Price ( 7 - 3 ) gave up two runs and three hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Cory Gearrin ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Hunter Strickland got the final out for his first career save . Price ( 7 - 3 ) gave up two runs and three hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Chris Young hit a 3 - 1 pitch deep into the left - field bleachers for his third homer of the season . It was Young 's first home run since July 26 , 2013 , against the Dodgers . Young 's homer in the fourth gave the Red Sox a 1 - 0 lead . It was Williamson 's third home run of the season and second in two days . Young 's homer in the fourth gave the Red Sox a 1 - 0 lead . It was Williamson 's third home run of the season and second in two days . Young 's homer in the fourth gave the Red Sox a 1 - 0 lead . It was Williamson 's third home run of the season and second in two days . Young 's homer in the fourth gave the Red Sox a 1 - 0 lead . It was Williamson 's third home run of the season and second in two games .
NEW YORK -- Michael Pineda and the New York Yankees are on a roll . Carlos Beltran hit a two - run homer and Carlos Beltran added a two - run shot to help the Yankees beat the Los Angeles Angels 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Pineda ( 3 - 6 ) allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . Andrew Miller pitched a scoreless ninth for his seventh save in nine chances . David Huff ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Kole Calhoun hit a two - run homer in the fifth for Los Angeles , which has lost four of five . Pineda ( 3 - 6 ) gave up three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . Andrew Miller pitched the ninth for his seventh save in nine chances . Kole Calhoun hit a two - run homer in the fifth for Los Angeles , which has lost four of five . The Angels have lost four of five . Huff gave up eight hits and five runs in 3 2/3 innings . He threw 69 of 69 pitches for strikes . Kole Calhoun hit a two - run homer in the fifth for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Huff allowed eight hits and five runs in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . Huff gave up eight hits and five runs in 3 2/3 innings in his first start of the season . Huff gave up eight hits and five runs in 3 2/3 innings .
HOUSTON -- Houston Astros manager A. J. Hinch was n't happy with his team 's recent success . The Astros ' Lance McCullers pitched seven strong innings , Evan Gattis and Evan Gattis hit solo homers and the Astros beat the Oakland Athletics 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Carlos Gomez and Evan Gattis also homered for the Astros , who won for just the second time in eight games . Carlos Gomez and Evan Gattis also homered for the Astros , who have won three straight and five of six . Lance McCullers ( 3 - 1 ) allowed eight hits and two runs -- two earned -- in seven innings . Will Harris pitched a perfect ninth for his first career save . Houston starter Sonny Gray allowed one run and five hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . Oakland starter Sonny Gray allowed one run and five hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . Oakland starter Sonny Gray allowed one run and five hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . Oakland starter Sonny Gray allowed one run and five hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . Oakland starter Sonny Gray allowed five hits and one run in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . Gray allowed one run and five hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . Oakland starter Sonny Gray allowed five hits and one run in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . Gray allowed one run and five hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one .
BOSTON -- The Toronto Blue Jays are on a roll . Marco Estrada pitched two - hit ball over eight innings , Edwin Encarnacion hit a two - run homer and the Blue Jays beat the Boston Red Sox 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Estrada ( 4 - 2 ) allowed two runs and two hits in eight innings . He struck out five and walked three . Roberto Osuna gave up a two - out RBI double to Jackie Bradley Jr. in the ninth before striking out Travis Shaw to end it . Eduardo Rodriguez ( 1 - 1 ) gave up five runs on four hits and three walks in 5 2/3 innings for Boston , which has lost four of five . The Red Sox have lost four of five . Rodriguez ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings , walking three and striking out none . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a leadoff homer by Barney and a two - run shot by Edwin Encarnacion . The Blue Jays made it 4 - 0 in the third on Barney 's solo homer , his second of the season . The Red Sox took a 4 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run homer by Barney , his fourth of the season . It was the second time this season the Blue Jays have hit back - to - back home runs . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a leadoff homer by Barney and a two - run shot by Encarnacion . The Blue Jays made it 4 - 0 in the third on Martin 's solo homer .
CLEVELAND -- Indians manager Terry Francona was n't happy with his team 's offense . Danny Salazar struck out nine in eight strong innings , Tyler Naquin hit a solo homer and the Indians beat the Kansas City Royals 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Salazar ( 6 - 3 ) gave up one run and three hits in eight innings . He struck out nine and walked five . The right - hander is 5 - 0 in his last seven starts . Edinson Volquez ( 5 - 5 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Volquez ( 5 - 5 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six . Volquez allowed five runs and seven hits over 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . Volquez allowed five runs and seven hits over 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . Volquez allowed five runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four .
BOSTON -- R. A. Dickey 's knuckleball was n't as sharp as he did in the first two games of the season . The right - hander pitched into the seventh inning , Edwin Encarnacion hit a two - run homer and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Boston Red Sox 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 3 - 6 ) allowed an unearned run and two hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked five and struck out four . Roberto Osuna got four outs for his 13th save . David Price ( 7 - 2 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in seven innings , striking out five and walking four . The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a two - run homer by Devon Travis and a two - run shot by Devon Travis off David Price ( 7 - 2 ) in the eighth . Price ( 7 - 2 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out five . The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth when Justin Smoak doubled and scored on Travis Shaw 's double - play grounder . Price allowed three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out five . The Red Sox took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth . Justin Smoak led off with a double and scored on Travis Shaw 's double - play grounder . Price allowed three runs , two earned , and six hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out five .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Brian Dozier has been a big reason why the Minnesota Twins have found a way to beat the Tampa Bay Rays . Dozier hit a go - ahead homer in the fifth inning , Brian Dozier also homered and the Twins beat the Rays 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Eduardo Nunez and Eduardo Nunez also homered for the Twins , who won for just the second time in 10 games . The Twins have lost five of six . The Twins have lost four of five . Taylor Rogers ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Kevin Jepsen worked the ninth for his seventh save in nine chances . Evan Longoria hit a two - run homer and Logan Morrison had an RBI single for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Taylor Rogers ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Kevin Jepsen worked the ninth for his seventh save in nine chances . Evan Longoria hit a two - run homer and Logan Morrison had an RBI single for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Rays starter Phil Hughes gave up four runs and eight hits in four innings . He was replaced by Ryan Pressly , who pitched a scoreless eighth . Kevin Jepsen worked the ninth for his seventh save in nine chances . The Twins have lost five of their last six games and have dropped eight of their last 10 overall . Tampa Bay starter Matt Moore allowed four runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . Rays starter Matt Moore gave up four runs and eight hits in five innings .
ATLANTA -- Braves manager Fredi Gonzalez said he did n't know what to do with the way he was pitching . Freddie Freeman hit a leadoff homer in the 11th inning to lift the Braves to a 5 - 4 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night . Freddie Freeman led off the 11th with a homer off Derek Law ( 1 - 1 ) . Chris Withrow ( 1 - 0 ) earned the win with a scoreless 11th inning . Freddie Freeman hit a leadoff homer in the 11th for the Braves , who took two of three from the Giants . Chris Withrow ( 1 - 0 ) earned the win with a scoreless 11th inning . Freddie Freeman hit a leadoff homer in the 11th for the Braves , who have won three of four . Chris Withrow ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 11th for the win . Brandon Belt had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in two runs for the Giants , who have lost three of four . Brandon Belt had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in two runs for the Giants , who have lost three of four . Brandon Belt had three hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth for the Giants , who have lost three of four . Belt hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Giants a 2 - 0 lead . Belt hit a two - out , two - run homer in the fourth to give the Giants a 2 - 0 lead . Belt 's two - run homer in the fourth gave the Giants a 2 - 0 lead .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting for a lot to celebrate this season . Max Kepler hit a go - ahead home run in the sixth inning , and the Twins beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Brian Dozier had two hits and an RBI for the Twins , who have won three of four . Ryan Pressly ( 5 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless seventh inning for the win . Max Kepler homered and drove in two runs for the Twins . Ryan Pressly ( 5 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless seventh inning for the win . Minnesota starter Ubaldo Jimenez allowed one run and five hits in five innings . He struck out eight and walked three . Kyle Gibson gave up two runs and nine hits in six innings for the Twins . He struck out six and walked three . Kyle Gibson gave up two runs and nine hits in six innings for the Twins . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter . Kyle Gibson gave up two runs and nine hits in six innings for the Twins . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jonathan Schoop reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second and scored on a single by Hardy to make it 2 - 1 . The Orioles took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth when Jonathan Schoop reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second and scored on a single by Hardy to make it 2 - 1 . Gibson allowed two runs and nine hits in six innings .
MILWAUKEE -- The Milwaukee Brewers are starting to look like a team . Martin Maldonado homered and drove in three runs , Chase Anderson pitched five effective innings and the Brewers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Scooter Gennett and Andy Wilkins homered for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Chase Anderson ( 5 - 10 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in five innings for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Anderson ( 5 - 10 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Brewers took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth on Ryan Braun 's RBI single and Maldonado 's homer . Milwaukee 's Chase Anderson ( 5 - 10 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Diamondbacks took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth . Ramon Flores led off with a double and scored on Ryan Braun 's single . Hernan Perez reached on an error by third baseman Phil Gosselin and scored on Ryan Braun 's single to give the Brewers a 3 - 2 lead . Shipley ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked four . Shipley ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked four . Shipley ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked four . Shipley ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Los Angeles Angels have been waiting for Albert Pujols to find a way to beat the Kansas City Royals . Pujols hit a two - run single in the first inning and drove in four runs , leading the Angels to a 6 - 2 victory over the Royals on Tuesday night . Pujols had three hits and four RBIs , including a two - run single in the first inning . He also had an RBI single in the first inning and a two - out RBI single in the seventh . Hector Santiago ( 9 - 4 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Angels , who have won four of five . Santiago ( 9 - 4 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . Salvador Perez hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Salvador Perez hit a two - run homer for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Kennedy ( 6 - 9 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out three . Salvador Perez hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Kennedy ( 6 - 9 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out three . Salvador Perez hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Kennedy ( 6 - 9 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out three .
MIAMI -- The New York Mets ' offense has been a problem for the New York Mets . Steven Matz pitched six scoreless innings to help the Mets beat the Miami Marlins 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Steven Matz ( 8 - 6 ) allowed four hits and two walks in six innings to win his third consecutive start . He struck out six , walked two and lowered his ERA to 3.36 . Jeurys Familia pitched a perfect ninth for his major league - leading 35th save . Jose Reyes had an RBI triple for the Mets , who have won four of five . Matz ( 8 - 6 ) allowed four hits and two walks while striking out six in six innings . The right - hander improved to 3 - 1 in his past five starts . Jeurys Familia pitched a perfect ninth for his 35th save in 40 chances . Jose Reyes had an RBI triple for the Mets , who have won four of five . Jose Reyes had an RBI triple for the Mets , who have won four of five . Jose Reyes had an RBI triple for the Mets , who have won four of five . Jose Reyes had an RBI triple for the Mets , who have won four of five . Jose Reyes had an RBI triple for the Mets , who have won four of five . Jose Reyes had an RBI triple for the Mets , who have won four of five . Jose Urena ( 1 - 2 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings for the Marlins . He struck out four and walked none . Urena ( 1 - 2 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings .
MILWAUKEE -- Joe Nathan 's first pitch in the bottom of the ninth gave the Chicago Cubs a lift . Anthony Rizzo hit a go - ahead , three - run double , Anthony Rizzo followed with a go - ahead , three - run double and the Cubs held on to beat the Milwaukee Brewers 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Anthony Rizzo hit a go - ahead , three - run double off Will Smith ( 1 - 3 ) , and Tommy La Stella added three hits and an RBI for the Cubs , who have won four of five . Joe Nathan ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Hector Rondon pitched the ninth for his 18th save in 21 chances . The Brewers ' bullpen has been the only team in the majors without a blown save this season . Nathan ( 1 - 0 ) struck out the side in the eighth and Hector Rondon got three outs for his 18th save in 21 chances . The Brewers ' bullpen has been the subject of trade speculation . Nathan ( 1 - 0 ) struck out the side in the eighth and Hector Rondon got three outs for his 18th save in 21 chances . The Brewers ' bullpen has been the subject of trade speculation since the All-Star break , and the Cubs have won the first two games of the series against the Brewers . Nathan ( 1 - 0 ) struck out the side in the eighth and Hector Rondon got three outs for his 18th save in 21 chances . The Brewers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Hernan Perez and a run - scoring single by Chris Carter . The Cubs took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Hernan Perez and a run - scoring single by Chris Carter . The Brewers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Perez and a run - scoring single by Chris Carter .
BOSTON -- Minnesota Twins manager Paul Molitor was happy to see his team win the game . The Red Sox had a season - high 19 hits in an 11 - 9 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night . Eddie Rosario had a career - high four hits and Eduardo Nunez had a two - run single for the Twins , who won for the sixth time in seven games . The Red Sox have lost five of six . Ryan Pressly ( 4 - 5 ) got the win despite allowing a run in 1 1/3 innings . Brandon Kintzler pitched a perfect ninth for his eighth save in eight chances . Xander Bogaerts had four hits for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Ryan Pressly ( 4 - 5 ) got the win despite giving up a run in 1 1/3 innings of relief . Brandon Kintzler pitched a perfect ninth for his eighth save in eight chances . Xander Bogaerts had four hits for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Xander Bogaerts had four hits for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Xander Bogaerts had four hits for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Xander Bogaerts had four hits for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Xander Bogaerts had four hits for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Boston starter Ricky Nolasco allowed six runs and six hits in two - plus innings . He walked three , hit a batter and threw a wild pitch . Jackie Bradley Jr. had three hits and drove in two runs for the Red Sox .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals have n't had much success against Yu Darvish this season . Danny Duffy pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Cheslor Cuthbert homered and the Kansas City Royals beat the Texas Rangers 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Duffy ( 6 - 1 ) allowed four hits , walked two and struck out four in 6 2/3 innings . Wade Davis worked the ninth for his 21st save in 25 chances . Darvish ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs , two earned , and seven hits in six innings . He struck out 11 and walked one . The Royals have lost five of six . Darvish ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs , two earned , and seven hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out 11 . The Royals have lost five of their last six games . Darvish ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs , two earned , and seven hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out a season - high 11 . Rougned Odor homered for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Darvish ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs , two earned , and seven hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out 11 . Rougned Odor homered in the fourth for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Rougned Odor homered in the fourth for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Darvish allowed two earned runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out a season - high 11 . Rougned Odor homered for the Rangers in the fourth .
CINCINNATI -- Anthony DeSclafani has been a big part of the Cincinnati Reds ' rotation . DeSclafani pitched eight innings , Tucker Barnhart hit a two - run homer and the Reds beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . DeSclafani ( 5 - 0 ) allowed eight hits and two runs with no walks and three strikeouts in eight innings . DeSclafani ( 5 - 0 ) gave up eight hits and two runs with no walks and three strikeouts in eight innings . Joey Votto hit a two - run homer off Lucas Harrell ( 1 - 2 ) , who gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . Freddie Freeman and Adonis Garcia hit solo homers for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Harrell ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked three . Freddie Freeman hit a solo homer in the first inning for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Atlanta has lost four of five . The Braves have lost five of their last six games . Atlanta 's Adonis Garcia hit a solo homer in the first inning for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Atlanta 's Adonis Garcia hit a solo homer in the first inning for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Harrell was recalled from Triple-A Gwinnett earlier in the day to make his first start of the season . He gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked three . Atlanta 's Adonis Garcia hit a solo homer in the first inning .
CINCINNATI -- Gordon Beckham 's first homer of the season gave Atlanta a 4 - 2 lead in the seventh inning , and the Braves rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Gordon Beckham and Gordon Beckham hit two - run homers for the Braves , who have won four of five . Mauricio Cabrera ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings of scoreless relief for his first major league win . Tony Cingrani ( 2 - 3 ) gave up two hits and a run in the 11th . Nick Markakis led off the 11th with a single off Tony Cingrani ( 2 - 3 ) and went to third on Nick Markakis ' single . Inciarte stole third and scored on Ender Inciarte 's sacrifice fly . Mauricio Cabrera ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . Tony Cingrani ( 2 - 3 ) gave up a one - out single to Adonis Garcia in the 11th . He was replaced by Michael Lorenzen , who gave up a single to Adonis Garcia and walked Inciarte to load the bases . Beckham followed with a two - run homer to right - center to give the Braves a 4 - 2 lead . Beckham 's two - run homer off Michael Lorenzen made it 4 - 2 in the seventh . It was Bruce 's first homer of the season , a two - run shot in the first inning . The Reds tied it in the second on Inciarte 's sacrifice fly . The Reds tied it in the second on Inciarte 's sacrifice fly . The Reds tied it in the second on Inciarte 's sacrifice fly .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels have been waiting for Matt Shoemaker to throw a complete game . Shoemaker threw a six - hitter for his first career complete game , leading the Angels to a 1 - 0 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Shoemaker ( 5 - 9 ) struck out a career - high 13 and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . He struck out a career - high 13 and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . He struck out a career - high 13 and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Shoemaker ( 5 - 9 ) struck out a career - high 13 and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . He struck out a career - high 13 in his first complete game of the season . The right - hander struck out the side in the first inning and retired the side in order in the seventh . Shoemaker ( 5 - 9 ) allowed six hits and did not walk a batter for the second time this season . He walked none and struck out a career - high 13 in his second complete game of the season . James Shields ( 4 - 11 ) gave up one run and two hits in eight innings . He struck out two and walked two . Shields ( 4 - 11 ) gave up one run and two hits in eight innings . He struck out two and walked two . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season .
NEW YORK -- Wilmer Flores and the rest of the New York Mets have been waiting for a long time . Flores hit a go - ahead three - run homer in the fifth inning , Wilmer Flores added a three - run shot and the Mets rallied from a four - run deficit to beat the Washington Nationals 9 - 7 on Tuesday night . Travis d'Arnaud and Travis d'Arnaud also homered for the Mets , who won for just the third time in their last 13 home games . Daniel Murphy homered and drove in three runs for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Hansel Robles ( 3 - 3 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Daniel Murphy homered and drove in three runs for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Hansel Robles ( 3 - 3 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Jeurys Familia pitched the ninth for his 31st save in 34 chances . Daniel Murphy homered and drove in three runs for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Perez ( 2 - 2 ) gave up four runs and four hits in 1 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out four . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Wilson Ramos ' RBI single . The Nationals tied it in the third on a two - out RBI single by Yoenis Cespedes . The Mets tied it in the third on a two - out RBI single by Yoenis Cespedes . The Mets tied it in the third on a two - out RBI single by Yoenis Cespedes . The Mets tied it in the third on a two - out RBI single by Yoenis Cespedes .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- C. J. Cron and the Los Angeles Angels had a big night at the plate . Cron hit a pair of three - run homers , Andrelton Simmons had three hits and three RBI and the Angels beat the Tampa Bay Rays 13 - 5 on Tuesday night . Cron hit a three - run homer off Jake Odorizzi ( 3 - 4 ) during a four - run ninth inning that gave the Angels a 7 - 5 lead . Deolis Guerra ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings of hitless relief for the win . Jake Odorizzi ( 3 - 4 ) gave up a season - high seven runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Odorizzi ( 3 - 4 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in five starts against the Angels this season . Logan Morrison hit a solo homer and Nick Franklin had three hits for the Rays , including a two - run single during a three - run fifth that put the Rays up 5 - 4 . Lincecum allowed five runs and 10 hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Angels took a 5 - 4 lead in the fifth on a two - run single by Franklin and a two - run single by Nick Franklin . The Rays had a season - high 14 hits , including three by Simmons , who had three hits and three RBI . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven .
CLEVELAND -- Indians manager Terry Francona was n't happy with his team 's 5 - 3 win over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Mike Napoli hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Indians rallied for a 5 - 3 win . Mike Napoli hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the seventh inning off Bruce Rondon ( 2 - 1 ) . Jeff Manship ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Cody Allen pitched the ninth for his 18th save in 21 chances . The Indians have won three straight and five of six . Jeff Manship ( 1 - 1 ) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of relief . Cody Allen worked the ninth for his 18th save in 21 chances . Cleveland 's Danny Salazar gave up three runs and eight hits over 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Cody Allen pitched the ninth for his 18th save in 21 chances . The Indians , who have lost four of five , took a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Rajai Davis led off with a double and scored on Napoli 's single . Lindor 's sacrifice fly made it 2 - 0 . Lindor 's sacrifice fly made it 2 - 0 in the third . Lindor 's sacrifice fly made it 2 - 0 in the third . Lindor 's sacrifice fly made it 2 - 0 in the third . Lindor 's sacrifice fly in the third made it 2 - 0 . Moya 's sacrifice fly in the third made it 2 - 0 . Moya 's sacrifice fly in the third made it 2 - 0 .
PHILADELPHIA -- Jeremy Hellickson did n't need much run support for the Philadelphia Phillies . Hellickson pitched six strong innings and Odubel Herrera hit a two - run homer to lead the Phillies to a 4 - 3 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . Hellickson ( 6 - 6 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings , striking out six and walking one . Jeanmar Gomez pitched the ninth for his 22nd save in 24 chances . Ian Kennedy ( 6 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits in five innings for the Royals . He struck out eight and walked three . The Phillies jumped ahead 2 - 1 in the third . Herrera led off with a double and scored on Cody Asche 's single . Franco followed with an RBI single to give the Phillies a 2 - 1 lead . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the third . Herrera led off with a double and scored on Herrera 's two - out single to give the Phillies a 2 - 1 lead . The Phillies tied it in the second on Cheslor Cuthbert 's RBI single . The Royals tied it in the second on Cheslor Cuthbert 's two - out RBI single . The Royals tied it in the second on Cheslor Cuthbert 's two - out RBI single . The Royals tied it in the second on Cheslor Cuthbert 's two - out RBI single . The Royals tied it in the second on a two - out RBI single by Cheslor Cuthbert . The Royals tied it in the second on a two - out RBI single by Cheslor Cuthbert . The Royals tied it in the second on Cheslor Cuthbert 's RBI single .
HOUSTON -- Mike Fiers did n't have his best stuff of the season . Fiers pitched six scoreless innings , Carlos Gomez hit a two - run homer and the Houston Astros beat the Chicago White Sox 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Fiers ( 6 - 3 ) allowed four hits and struck out four in six scoreless innings to win his third straight start . The White Sox have lost four of five . Miguel Gonzalez ( 1 - 4 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in seven innings for Chicago . The White Sox have lost three of four . Miguel Gonzalez ( 1 - 4 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and three hits with four strikeouts in seven innings for the White Sox . The White Sox have lost five of six . Miguel Gonzalez ( 1 - 4 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . Houston starter Miguel Gonzalez ( 1 - 4 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . Houston starter Miguel Gonzalez ( 1 - 4 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . Houston starter Miguel Gonzalez ( 1 - 4 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . Houston starter Miguel Gonzalez ( 1 - 4 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in seven innings .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Aaron Judge and the rest of the New York Yankees are going to be in the playoffs . Judge hit a two - run homer , Aaron Judge added a solo shot and the Yankees beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Jacoby Ellsbury had four hits , including an RBI single in the 10th inning , and Jacoby Ellsbury had four hits and drove in two runs for the Yankees . Dellin Betances ( 3 - 4 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Chasen Shreve got the final two outs for his first career save . Royals starter Edinson Volquez gave up four runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . Dellin Betances ( 3 - 4 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Chasen Shreve got the final two outs in the 10th for his first career save . Royals starter Edinson Volquez gave up four runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out five . Royals starter Edinson Volquez gave up four runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out five . Royals starter Edinson Volquez gave up four runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out five . Royals starter Edinson Volquez gave up four runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out five . Volquez allowed four runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out five . Volquez allowed four runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out five .
MILWAUKEE -- Cardinals manager Mike Matheny was n't happy with his team 's latest loss . Kolten Wong hit a go - ahead two - run homer in the eighth inning and the Cardinals rallied for a 6 - 5 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Miguel Socolovich ( 1 - 0 ) struck out four in 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Seung Hwan Oh pitched a perfect ninth for his 14th save in 15 chances . The Cardinals took a 5 - 3 lead in the seventh on Scooter Gennett 's RBI double and Scooter Gennett 's run - scoring double . Miguel Socolovich ( 1 - 0 ) struck out four in 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Seung Hwan Oh pitched a perfect ninth for his 14th save in 15 chances . The Brewers took a 5 - 3 lead in the seventh on Scooter Gennett 's RBI double and Scooter Gennett 's run - scoring double . Milwaukee 's Zach Davies allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Jhonny Peralta led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Wong . Gyorko homered in the fifth to put the Cardinals up 2 - 0 . Wong added a sacrifice fly in the seventh . Davies allowed seven hits and three runs in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Jhonny Peralta led off with a double and scored on Wong 's sacrifice fly .
DETROIT -- Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit a go - ahead two - run homer in the eighth inning , and the Detroit Tigers rallied past the Chicago White Sox 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning , and Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth for his major league - leading 37th save in 39 chances . Justin Wilson ( 4 - 4 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth for his 37th save in 39 chances . Justin Wilson ( 4 - 4 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth for his 37th save in 39 chances . Detroit starter Matthew Boyd allowed two runs and seven hits in four innings . He struck out three and walked two . Tyler Saladino hit a two - run homer in the fourth for Chicago , which has lost four of five . Tyler Saladino hit a two - out , two - run homer in the fourth for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Detroit starter Matthew Boyd allowed two runs and seven hits in four innings . He struck out three and walked two . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Miguel Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . The White Sox loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but Shields struck out Casey McGehee and Casey McGehee to end the inning . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Miguel Cabrera . The White Sox loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but Shields struck out Casey McGehee and Casey McGehee .
NEW YORK -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting for CC Sabathia to find a way to beat the New York Yankees . Mark Trumbo hit a tiebreaking , two - run homer in the eighth inning and the Orioles beat the Yankees 5 - 0 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight win . The Orioles have won seven of their last eight against the Yankees , including a three - game sweep of the Yankees in the Bronx . The Orioles have won seven of their last eight games against the Yankees , who have the worst record in the majors . The Orioles have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Sabathia ( 8 - 11 ) gave up three runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Sabathia ( 8 - 11 ) gave up three runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Sabathia ( 8 - 11 ) gave up three runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Sabathia ( 8 - 11 ) gave up three runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two . He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . Sabathia ( 8 - 11 ) gave up three runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two . He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Yankees have lost five of six . Sabathia ( 8 - 11 ) gave up three runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have been waiting for Trevor Cahill to find a way to beat the Chicago Cubs . Cahill ( 3 - 4 ) was charged with an error in the eighth inning , and the Dodgers beat the Chicago Cubs 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Cahill ( 3 - 4 ) dropped to 0 - 2 in the first two games of the series , allowing a run and three hits . He walked two and struck out one . Joe Blanton ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth for his 39th save in 40 chances . Cahill ( 3 - 4 ) took the loss , allowing a run and three hits in one - third of an inning . Joe Blanton ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth for his 39th save . Lester gave up three hits , walked two and struck out six in six innings of three - hit ball . The right - hander struck out six and walked two in his first loss since July 26 . The Cubs ' lone hit was a leadoff single by Jason Heyward in the fifth inning . The Cubs loaded the bases with one out in the sixth , but Lester struck out Justin Turner to end the inning . The Cubs had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Lester struck out Justin Turner and retired Justin Turner on a fly to center . Lester retired the first eight batters before Ross singled with two outs in the fourth . He was replaced by Justin Grimm .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Mitch Moreland 's first career grand slam gave the Texas Rangers a 7 - 0 victory over the Cleveland Indians . Moreland hit a grand slam in the first inning , and A. J. Griffin ( 6 - 3 ) pitched six scoreless innings to help the Rangers win for the sixth time in seven games . Griffin ( 6 - 3 ) allowed five hits , struck out six and walked one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in four starts since being recalled from Triple-A Oklahoma City on July 29 . Griffin ( 6 - 3 ) struck out six and walked one in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in four starts since being recalled from Triple-A Oklahoma City on July 29 . Griffin ( 6 - 3 ) struck out six and walked one in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Carlos Carrasco ( 9 - 7 ) gave up seven runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in four innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Indians were shut out for the third time this season . Carlos Carrasco ( 9 - 7 ) gave up seven runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in four innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Indians have lost four of five . Carlos Carrasco ( 9 - 7 ) gave up seven runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in four innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Indians were shut out for the third time this season .
MILWAUKEE -- Pittsburgh Pirates manager Clint Hurdle was happy to see his team win the first game of the series . Gregory Polanco hit a go - ahead three - run double in the sixth inning , and the Pirates beat the Milwaukee Brewers 9 - 6 on Tuesday night . Josh Harrison had three hits , including a go - ahead double in the sixth inning , and Josh Harrison had three hits and drove in two runs for the Pirates . Jeff Locke ( 9 - 7 ) pitched two innings for the win . Neftali Feliz pitched the ninth for his second save in three chances . Hernan Perez hit two home runs for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Jeff Locke ( 9 - 7 ) allowed one run and two hits in two innings . Neftali Feliz pitched the ninth for his second save in as many chances . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Starling Marte 's RBI double . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Starling Marte 's RBI double . Nelson gave up six runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out one . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Starling Marte 's RBI double . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Starling Marte 's RBI double . Nelson gave up six runs -- five earned -- and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out one . Milwaukee starter Jameson Taillon gave up five runs and seven hits in three innings . He walked two and struck out three .
LOS ANGELES -- Julio Urias gave the Los Angeles Dodgers a lift . Urias pitched six innings of six - hit ball , Corey Seager and Corey Seager homered and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Chicago Cubs 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Urias ( 5 - 2 ) allowed one run and six hits in six innings , struck out eight and walked two . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Urias ( 5 - 2 ) allowed one run and six hits in six innings , struck out eight and walked two . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth for his 38th save . Hammel ( 13 - 7 ) gave up three runs and five hits in 2 1/3 innings , struck out one and walked none . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on Anthony Rizzo 's RBI single . The Dodgers took a 3 - 1 lead in the third on a run - scoring single by Justin Turner and a run - scoring single by Justin Turner . The Dodgers took a 3 - 1 lead in the third on a run - scoring single by Justin Turner and a run - scoring single by Justin Turner . The Dodgers took a 3 - 1 lead in the third on a run - scoring single by Justin Turner and a run - scoring single by Justin Turner . The Dodgers took a 3 - 1 lead in the third on a run - scoring single by Justin Turner and a run - scoring single by Justin Turner . Seager 's homer tied it at 1 in the bottom of the first .
HOUSTON -- Yuli Gurriel had a big night for the Houston Astros . Bregman hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , Dallas Keuchel pitched seven solid innings and the Astros beat the Tampa Bay Rays 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Gurriel 's RBI double in the second inning gave the Astros a 2 - 0 lead . Gurriel 's two - run homer in the third gave the Astros a 4 - 0 lead . Gurriel 's RBI double in the second gave the Astros a 2 - 0 lead . Evan Gattis doubled in a run in the second and scored on a double by Evan Gattis to make it 2 - 0 . Evan Gattis doubled in a run in the second and scored on a double by Evan Gattis to make it 2 - 0 . Snell ( 4 - 7 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in three - plus innings . He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Rays have lost five of their last six games and have dropped eight of their last 10 overall . The Rays have lost five of their last six games . Snell ( 4 - 7 ) allowed five runs -- four earned -- and nine hits with three strikeouts in three - plus innings . He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Rays have lost five of their last six games . The Rays have lost five of their last six games . Snell allowed nine hits and five runs -- four earned -- with three strikeouts in three innings . The Rays have lost five of six .
PHOENIX -- Arizona Diamondbacks manager Torey Lovullo was happy to see his team win the game . The Diamondbacks ' 4 - 3 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night gave the Diamondbacks a split of their four - game series . Rickie Weeks hit a solo home run in the fourth inning and Rickie Weeks also homered for the Diamondbacks . Brandon Drury had three hits and drove in a run for the Diamondbacks , who have won four of five . Edwin Escobar ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless 11th inning for the win . Blake Wood ( 5 - 3 ) took the loss , allowing one run and one hit in two - thirds of an inning . Brandon Drury had three hits for the Diamondbacks , who have won four of five . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Scott Schebler . The Reds tied it in the second when Drury singled , stole second and scored on Drury 's single . The Reds tied it in the second when Drury singled , stole second and scored on Drury 's single . The Reds tied it in the second when Drury singled , stole second and scored on Drury 's single . Arizona tied it in the second when Drury singled , stole second and scored on Drury 's single . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Ramon Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . Cincinnati tied it in the second when Drury singled , stole second and scored on Drury 's single . Finnegan struck out a career - high 12 in six innings , allowing two runs on three hits with two walks and a strikeout .
TORONTO -- The Los Angeles Angels have been waiting for Mike Trout to find a way to beat the Toronto Blue Jays . Trout had three hits and four RBIs , Jered Weaver won for the first time in more than a month and the Angels beat the Blue Jays 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Weaver ( 9 - 11 ) allowed two runs , one earned , and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . Weaver ( 9 - 11 ) allowed two runs , one earned , and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . Weaver ( 9 - 11 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . Weaver ( 9 - 11 ) allowed two runs , one earned , and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . Weaver ( 9 - 11 ) allowed two runs , one earned , and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . Josh Donaldson hit a two - out solo homer for the Blue Jays , who lost for the fourth time in five games . Happ ( 17 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He walked one and struck out six . Happ ( 17 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He walked one and struck out six . Happ ( 17 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He walked one and struck out six .
PHOENIX -- Atlanta Braves manager Fredi Gonzalez said he was n't going to let Jake Barrett go to the mound in the ninth inning . He was n't sure what happened . Swanson hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly in the ninth inning , and the Braves beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Atlanta 's Jake Barrett ( 1 - 2 ) gave up three runs on three hits in the eighth inning . He struck out a season - high seven . Jose Ramirez ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth , and Jim Johnson pitched the ninth for his 11th save in 14 tries . The Braves had 12 hits , including a pair of doubles by Adonis Garcia , who had three hits . Jose Ramirez ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth , and Jim Johnson got three outs for his 11th save in 14 tries . The Diamondbacks had 12 hits , including a pair of doubles by Adonis Garcia , who had three hits . Jose Ramirez ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth , and Jim Johnson got three outs for his 11th save in 14 tries . The Diamondbacks had 12 hits , including a pair of doubles by Adonis Garcia , who had three hits . Jose Ramirez ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth , and Jim Johnson got three outs for his 11th save in 14 tries . The Diamondbacks had 12 hits , including two doubles , in the first inning and a two - run double by Jake Lamb in the third . Atlanta starter Archie Bradley gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked three .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have been struggling to score runs in their past two games , and they 're still in the thick of the NL West race . Andrew Toles hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and the Dodgers beat Madison Bumgarner and the San Francisco Giants 9 - 5 on Tuesday night for their sixth straight victory . Kenta Maeda ( 13 - 7 ) allowed three runs and six hits in five - plus innings , struck out four and walked four . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts and is 4 - 0 with a 2.37 ERA in his last five starts . Maeda ( 13 - 7 ) allowed three runs and six hits in five innings , struck out four and walked four . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Justin Turner . The Dodgers tied it in the third on Angel Pagan 's RBI single and Brandon Belt 's run - scoring single . The Giants tied it in the fifth on Angel Pagan 's RBI single and Buster Posey 's RBI single . The Giants tied it at 3 in the top of the fifth on an RBI single by Brandon Belt and a run - scoring single by Brandon Belt . Maeda ( 13 - 7 ) allowed three runs and six hits in five - plus innings , struck out four and walked four . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Justin Turner . The Dodgers tied it in the third on Angel Pagan 's RBI single and Brandon Belt 's run - scoring single .
BALTIMORE -- Baltimore Orioles manager Buck Showalter was happy to see Dylan Bundy earn his first win in more than a month . Bundy pitched six innings of three - hit ball , Mark Trumbo hit a two - run homer and the Orioles beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Bundy ( 7 - 4 ) allowed two runs and three hits in six innings , striking out four and walking four . Zach Britton pitched a perfect ninth for his 38th save in 38 tries . Anthony Rendon hit a solo homer for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Bundy ( 7 - 4 ) allowed two runs and three hits , walking four and striking out four . Zach Britton pitched a perfect ninth for his 38th save . Cole ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning . Trea Turner led off with a walk , stole second and scored on a single by Daniel Murphy . The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth . Trea Turner led off with a walk , stole second , took third on a groundout and scored on a two - out single by Daniel Murphy . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the first inning when Trea Turner led off with a double and scored on a two - out single by Daniel Murphy . The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth . Trea Turner led off with a walk , stole second and scored on a two - out single by Murphy .
PITTSBURGH -- Doug Fister did n't need much run support for the Houston Astros . Fister pitched seven scoreless innings and Teoscar Hernandez hit a two - run homer to lead the Astros to a 3 - 1 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Fister ( 12 - 8 ) allowed three hits , struck out six and walked one in seven innings . The right - hander is 3 - 1 in his last five starts . Ken Giles gave up an unearned run in the ninth before finishing for his fourth save in six opportunities . Fister ( 12 - 8 ) allowed three hits , struck out six and walked one . Ken Giles gave up an unearned run in the ninth but earned his fourth save in five opportunities . He gave up a two - out RBI single to Gregory Polanco and a run - scoring double to Gregory Polanco , but Giles got Andrew McCutchen to ground into a game - ending double play for his fourth save . Taillon ( 3 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games . The Pirates have lost six of their past seven games . Taillon ( 3 - 3 ) gave up two runs and four hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . Taillon ( 3 - 3 ) gave up two runs and four hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Pirates have lost four of five .
BALTIMORE -- The Houston Astros are starting to feel good at Camden Yards . Jason Castro homered and drove in four runs , Jason Castro hit a two - run homer and the Astros beat the Baltimore Orioles 12 - 2 on Tuesday night . Castro hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a two - run shot in the fifth . He also walked twice , walked twice , walked twice , walked twice and scored a run . He also walked twice , walked twice , walked twice and scored a run . Chris Tillman ( 15 - 5 ) allowed six runs and six hits in two - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against Houston this season . Chris Tillman ( 15 - 5 ) allowed six runs and six hits in two - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts since being recalled from Triple-A Norfolk on Aug. 8 . The Orioles have lost six of eight . Baltimore has lost four straight and seven of eight . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost four of five . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost four of five . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost four of five . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost four of five . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost four of five . The Orioles have lost five of six .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Yoenis Cespedes and the rest of the New York Mets are going to have a lot of fun . Cespedes homered twice and drove in three runs , Bartolo Colon pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Mets beat the San Francisco Giants 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Cespedes hit a solo homer in the third and a three - run shot in the sixth off Matt Moore ( 7 - 10 ) , who gave up three runs and five hits in five - plus innings . He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . Cespedes hit a solo homer in the third and a three - run shot in the sixth off Matt Moore ( 7 - 10 ) , who allowed three runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked three . Denard Span homered for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Eduardo Nunez had a two - run double for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Eduardo Nunez had a two - run double for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Eduardo Nunez had a two - run double for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Eduardo Nunez had a two - run double for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Eduardo Nunez had a two - run double for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Eduardo Nunez hit a two - run double in the eighth for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Giants starter Matt Moore ( 7 - 10 ) allowed three runs and five hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out three .
SEATTLE -- Felix Hernandez has been pitching well for the Seattle Mariners . Mike Zunino homered and drove in three runs , Norichika Aoki had three hits and drove in two runs and the Mariners beat the Milwaukee Brewers 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hernandez ( 8 - 4 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Hernandez ( 8 - 4 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Wily Peralta ( 5 - 9 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in six - plus innings . He has lost three straight starts for the first time in his career . Peralta ( 5 - 9 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in six - plus innings . He walked two and struck out one . The Mariners scored three runs in the eighth to take a 4 - 2 lead . Ryan Braun and Hernan Perez hit RBI doubles and Hernan Perez drove in a run with a single . Hernan Perez followed with an RBI double to cut the lead to 4 - 1 . Hernan Perez followed with an RBI double to cut the lead to 4 - 1 . Hernan Perez followed with an RBI double to cut the lead to 4 - 1 . Hernan Perez followed with an RBI double to cut the lead to 4 - 1 . Hernan Perez followed with an RBI double to cut the lead to 4 - 1 . Hernan Perez followed with an RBI double to cut the lead to 4 - 1 . Hernan Perez followed with a run - scoring single to make it 4 - 2 .
DENVER -- The Colorado Rockies had a chance to win it in the bottom of the 11th . Pinch-hitter David Ross lined a single off Aroldis Chapman ( 3 - 1 ) with one out in the 11th inning and the Colorado Rockies rallied to beat the Chicago Cubs 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . The Cubs took a 6 - 5 lead in the top of the 11th when Dexter Fowler hit a two - run homer and Kris Bryant 's RBI single off Matt Carasiti ( 1 - 0 ) in the 11th to give the Cubs a 6 - 5 lead . Dexter Fowler hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Matt Carasiti ( 1 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up a run in the 11th . Dexter Fowler hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Chicago starter Kyle Hendricks allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Rockies took a 6 - 1 lead in the sixth on a two - run homer by Addison Russell , his 14th of the season . It was the first home run by a Rockies player this season . Anderson allowed five runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Anderson allowed eight hits and five runs in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Anderson allowed five runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Anderson allowed eight hits and five runs in seven innings .
PHILADELPHIA -- Maikel Franco 's first homer of the season gave the Philadelphia Phillies a 5 - 4 win over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Tuesday night . Franco hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Phillies beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 5 - 4 in the opener of a day - night doubleheader . Ryan Howard and Maikel Franco hit back - to - back homers to lead the Phillies to a 5 - 4 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Tuesday night . Ryan Howard and Maikel Franco hit back - to - back homers to lead the Phillies to a 5 - 4 lead in the seventh . Michael Mariot ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win . Jeanmar Gomez pitched a perfect ninth for his 32nd save in 34 chances . Justin Turner hit a three - run homer for the Dodgers , who have lost three of four . Michael Mariot ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win . Jeanmar Gomez pitched a perfect ninth for his 32nd save in 34 chances . The Phillies took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a three - run homer by Justin Turner . The Phillies cut it to 4 - 3 in the bottom of the inning on an RBI single by Taylor Featherston . The Phillies cut it to 4 - 3 in the fourth on Aaron Altherr 's RBI double and a run - scoring double by Taylor Featherston . Turner hit a solo homer in the fourth to make it 4 - 1 . The Phillies cut it to 4 - 3 in the fourth on Aaron Altherr 's RBI double .
CINCINNATI -- Jose Fernandez did n't have his worst outing of the season . The right - hander gave up a three - run homer to Ramon Cabrera in the second inning , and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Miami Marlins 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Fernandez ( 12 - 7 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in four - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 5.09 ERA in his last four starts . Fernandez ( 12 - 7 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in four - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander struck out six , walked one and hit a batter . Fernandez ( 12 - 7 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in four - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander struck out six , walked one and hit a batter . Fernandez ( 12 - 7 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in four - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander struck out six , walked one and hit a batter . Fernandez ( 12 - 7 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in four - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander struck out six , walked one and hit a batter with a pitch . Cabrera hit a three - run homer in the second inning off Fernandez , who allowed five runs and seven hits in four - plus innings . The Marlins have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games .
CLEVELAND -- Corey Kluber has been the Cleveland Indians ' ace . Kluber pitched six strong innings , Jason Kipnis had three hits and the Indians beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Kluber ( 13 - 8 ) allowed one run and seven hits , struck out seven and walked two in six - plus innings . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Cody Allen pitched the ninth for his 23rd save . Jose Quintana ( 9 - 9 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Jose Quintana ( 9 - 9 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . Quintana ( 9 - 9 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The White Sox have lost six of seven . Quintana ( 9 - 9 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The White Sox have lost six of seven . Quintana ( 9 - 9 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . Morneau 's solo homer in the sixth cut the lead to 2 - 1 . Morneau 's homer in the sixth cut the lead to 2 - 1 . Morneau 's homer in the sixth made it 2 - 1 .
TORONTO -- The Houston Astros have lost five of their past six games . Russell Martin hit a go - ahead , three - run homer in the sixth inning , Aaron Sanchez pitched seven innings and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Houston Astros 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Martin hit a three - run homer off Collin McHugh ( 7 - 10 ) , who allowed three runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out six . Houston 's Aaron Sanchez ( 12 - 2 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out six . Roberto Osuna pitched the ninth for his 26th save in 31 chances . Collin McHugh ( 7 - 10 ) allowed three runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out six . McHugh ( 7 - 10 ) allowed three runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out six . The Astros have lost five of their past six games . McHugh ( 7 - 10 ) allowed three runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out six . The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Altuve singled , stole second and scored on Carlos Correa 's two - out double . Houston cut it to 2 - 1 in the bottom of the first on a two - out homer by Martin , his 18th . The Blue Jays cut it to 2 - 1 in the bottom of the first on a three - run homer by Martin , his 18th . Toronto cut it to 2 - 1 in the bottom half when Martin hit a 3 - 2 pitch into the second deck in left , his 18th . McHugh allowed three runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings .
NEW YORK -- Mets manager Terry Collins said his team had a chance to win it in the bottom of the 11th inning . Neil Walker singled off Brandon Maurer ( 0 - 3 ) with one out in the 11th inning and the Mets beat the San Diego Padres 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Wilmer Flores led off the 11th with a single off Brandon Maurer ( 0 - 3 ) and advanced to third on James Loney 's single . Walker followed with a grounder to second baseman Ryan Schimpf , who threw home for an error . Walker followed with an RBI single to give the Mets a 2 - 1 lead . Gabriel Ynoa ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning for the win . Jeurys Familia gave up a two - out homer to Yangervis Solarte with two outs in the ninth . Gabriel Ynoa ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning for the win . Jeurys Familia gave up a two - out homer to Yangervis Solarte with two outs in the ninth . Gabriel Ynoa ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning for the win . Jeurys Familia gave up a two - out homer to Yangervis Solarte with two outs in the ninth , but the Padres could n't get a runner to third base until the 11th . Wilmer Flores singled off Brandon Maurer ( 0 - 3 ) to start the winning rally . Jose Reyes walked to load the bases , and Walker followed with a drive to right - center to give the Mets a 2 - 1 lead . Gabriel Ynoa ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 11th for the win . Jeurys Familia gave up a two - out homer to Yangervis Solarte with two outs in the ninth . It was the first home run by a Padres batter in a game since July 31 , 2011 , against the New York Mets . Gabriel Ynoa ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 11th for the win . Jeurys Familia gave up a two - out homer to Yangervis Solarte with two outs in the ninth .
CLEVELAND -- Mike Napoli and the Cleveland Indians did n't have much to celebrate . Napoli homered and drove in four runs , Corey Kluber pitched six solid innings and the Cleveland Indians beat the Los Angeles Angels 14 - 4 on Tuesday night . Napoli , who had been on the disabled list with a strained right hamstring , hit a three - run homer in the fifth inning off Jhoulys Chacin ( 3 - 8 ) , who gave up seven runs and six hits in 1 1/3 innings . The right - hander is winless in his last five starts . Chacin ( 3 - 8 ) was charged with seven runs and six hits in 1 1/3 innings . The right - hander is winless in his last five starts . The Indians have lost four of five . The Angels have lost four of five . The Angels have lost four of five . The Angels have lost four of five . The Angels have lost four of five . The Angels have lost four of five . The Angels have lost four of five . The Angels have lost four of five . The Angels have lost four of five . The Angels have lost four of five . The Angels have lost four of five . The Angels have lost four of five . The Angels have lost four of five . The Angels have lost four of five . The Angels have lost four of five . The Angels have lost four of five . The Angels have lost four of five . The Angels have lost four of five . Angels starter Brett Oberholtzer lasted just 1 1/3 innings , giving up six runs and six hits . He walked one and did not strike out a batter .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Danny Duffy did his part to help the Kansas City Royals beat the Chicago White Sox 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Duffy ( 9 - 1 ) allowed one run and seven hits , striking out six without issuing a walk . He threw 71 of 98 pitches for strikes in his second complete game of the season . Duffy ( 9 - 1 ) gave up one run and seven hits , striking out six without issuing a walk . The right - hander is 6 - 0 with a 2.82 ERA in nine starts since the All-Star break . The White Sox have lost five of six . Carson Fulmer ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and three hits in three innings . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven .
PITTSBURGH -- Edwin Jackson did n't allow a hit until Andrew McCutchen 's two - out single in the seventh inning . He did n't allow a hit until Andrew McCutchen 's two - out single in the seventh inning , and the San Diego Padres beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Jackson ( 3 - 2 ) struck out seven and walked three in his longest outing of the season . Ryan Buchter , Ryan Buchter , Brandon Maurer and Brandon Maurer each pitched a perfect inning to complete the two - hitter . Jackson ( 3 - 2 ) struck out seven and walked three in his longest outing of the season . Ryan Buchter , Ryan Buchter , Brandon Maurer and Brandon Maurer each pitched a perfect inning to complete the two - hitter . Jackson ( 3 - 2 ) struck out seven and walked three . Ryan Buchter , Ryan Buchter , Brandon Maurer and Brandon Maurer each pitched a hitless inning to complete the two - hitter . Jackson ( 3 - 2 ) allowed two hits , struck out seven and walked three . Ryan Buchter , Ryan Buchter , Brandon Maurer and Brandon Maurer each pitched a hitless inning to complete the two - hitter . Vogelsong ( 1 - 2 ) gave up two unearned runs and three hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Pirates have lost six of their last seven games . Pittsburgh has lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost six of their last seven games . Vogelsong allowed two unearned runs and three hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Pirates have lost six of seven .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Ross Detwiler did n't allow a runner to reach second base in the first eight innings . Detwiler pitched eight innings of six - hit ball , and the Oakland Athletics beat the Baltimore Orioles 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Detwiler ( 1 - 0 ) allowed six hits , struck out two and did n't allow a runner past first base . He struck out two and did n't allow a runner to reach second base . John Axford pitched the ninth for his second save . Yovani Gallardo ( 4 - 4 ) gave up one run and four hits in six innings for the Orioles . He struck out six and walked two . The Orioles have lost four of five . Gallardo ( 4 - 4 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings , struck out six and walked two . The right - hander is winless in his last five starts . The Orioles have lost four of five . Gallardo ( 4 - 4 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings , struck out six and walked two . The right - hander is winless in his last five starts . The Orioles have lost four of five . Gallardo allowed four hits , walked two and struck out six in six innings . The right - hander is winless in his last five starts and is winless in his last six outings . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Semien reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second and scored on Alonso 's two - out double . Gallardo allowed four hits in six innings , struck out six and walked two .
BOSTON -- Andrew Benintendi was n't going to let the New York Yankees get back in the game . Benintendi hit a go - ahead double in the fifth inning , Rick Porcello pitched eight strong innings and the Boston Red Sox beat the New York Yankees 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Benintendi became the first player in major league history to hit safely in each of his first seven games since joining the Red Sox in a three - game set from the New York Yankees on July 31 , 2009 . Benintendi became the first player in major league history to hit safely in each of his first seven games since joining the Red Sox in a three - game set from the New York Yankees on July 31 , 2009 . Benintendi became the first player in major league history to hit safely in each of his first seven games , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Rick Porcello ( 15 - 3 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in eight innings , striking out six and walking one . Matt Barnes got the final out for his first career save . Luis Severino ( 1 - 7 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Severino ( 1 - 7 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Severino ( 1 - 7 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Severino ( 1 - 7 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Yankees took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Chase Headley 's RBI double and Jacoby Ellsbury 's run - scoring single . The Yankees took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on Chase Headley 's RBI double and Jacoby Ellsbury 's run - scoring single .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are starting to look like a team with the best record in the majors . Justin Turner hit a two - run homer , Justin Turner added a two - run shot and the Dodgers beat the Philadelphia Phillies 9 - 3 on Tuesday night . Howie Kendrick hit a two - run homer and Howie Kendrick added a two - run shot for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Kenta Maeda ( 11 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits in five innings , struck out four and walked two . The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in his previous four starts . Aaron Altherr hit a two - run homer in the second inning for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Aaron Altherr hit a two - run homer in the second inning for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Velasquez ( 8 - 4 ) gave up a season - high nine runs and 11 hits in 4 2/3 innings , struck out six and walked two . The right - hander has given up three home runs in his last three starts , including three homers , in his last four starts . The Phillies ' first three batters reached in the second , and Kendrick followed with a two - run homer to right - center . The Dodgers increased the margin to 6 - 2 in the third on Turner 's RBI single and Kendrick 's two - run homer . The Dodgers increased the margin to 6 - 2 in the third on Turner 's RBI single and Kendrick 's two - run homer .
MILWAUKEE -- Atlanta Braves manager Fredi Gonzalez said he did n't know what to do with his team in the game . Nick Markakis and A. J. Pierzynski hit back - to - back home runs in the fifth inning , leading the Braves to a 4 - 3 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Markakis hit a solo homer in the second inning and Nick Markakis added a solo shot in the fifth to give the Braves a 3 - 1 lead . Atlanta 's Martin Maldonado hit a two - run homer in the fifth to tie the game at 3 , but the Braves tied it in the bottom of the inning on Martin Maldonado 's two - run homer . Brandon Cunniff ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Jim Johnson pitched the 12th for his ninth save in 11 chances . The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Jose Ramirez struck out Ryan Braun and Orlando Arcia to end the inning . Jim Johnson pitched the 12th for his ninth save in 11 chances . The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Jose Ramirez struck out Orlando Arcia to end the inning . Jim Johnson pitched the 12th for his ninth save in 11 chances . The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Jose Ramirez struck out Orlando Arcia to end the inning . Jim Johnson pitched the 12th for his ninth save in 11 chances . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Freddie Freeman led off with a double and scored on Gordon Beckham 's sacrifice fly . The Braves tied it in the bottom half on Keon Broxton 's RBI single .
DETROIT -- The New York Mets have been waiting for a couple of days to get to closer Francisco Rodriguez . Neil Walker hit a two - run homer off Francisco Rodriguez in the ninth inning , and the Mets rallied for a 3 - 1 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Neil Walker hit a two - run homer off Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) , and Neil Walker added a two - run homer in the ninth . Addison Reed ( 3 - 2 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Jeurys Familia pitched the ninth for his 39th save in 45 chances , striking out the side for his 39th save . Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and one hit in one - third of an inning . Addison Reed ( 3 - 2 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Jeurys Familia pitched the ninth for his 39th save in 45 chances . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh when Alejandro De Aza was hit by a pitch , stole second and scored on Walker 's homer . Addison Reed ( 3 - 2 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Jeurys Familia pitched the ninth for his 39th save in 45 chances . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh when Alejandro De Aza was hit by a pitch , stole second and scored on Walker 's two - out homer . Walker hit a two - run homer in the ninth to give the Mets a 3 - 1 lead . Jeurys Familia pitched the ninth for his major league - leading 39th save in 40 chances .
CHICAGO -- Manny Machado had a three - run homer and a three - run homer to help the Baltimore Orioles to a 10 - 2 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Friday night . Machado hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the third . He also hit a three - run shot in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the third . He also hit a three - run homer in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the third . Machado also hit a three - run homer in the second inning , then added a two - run shot in the third . He also hit a three - run homer in the first inning of Tuesday 's 4 - 3 win over the White Sox . Machado also hit a three - run homer in the first inning of Tuesday 's 5 - 4 win over the White Sox . He also hit a two - run homer in the first inning of Tuesday night 's 4 - 3 win over the White Sox . The White Sox have lost four of five . Machado hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a three - run shot in the second , and Machado added a two - run shot in the third to make it 10 - 0 . It was Machado 's third three - homer game of the season and second in two days . He also hit a three - run shot in the ninth inning of Tuesday night 's 4 - 3 win over the Chicago White Sox . Machado hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the third . He added a two - run shot in the third to make it 10 - 0 . Machado hit a two - run homer in the third , and Machado added a two - run shot in the third to make it 10 - 0 . Machado 's two - run shot in the third gave the Orioles a 10 - 0 lead . It was Machado 's second homer of the season and first since July 8 , 2011 , against Tampa Bay . He also hit a three - run homer in Tuesday 's 4 - 3 win over the White Sox .
DENVER -- Charlie Blackmon had a big night at the plate . Blackmon had three hits , including a go - ahead double in the sixth inning , and the Colorado Rockies beat the Miami Marlins 12 - 6 on Tuesday night . Blackmon had four hits and drove in four runs , and Chad Bettis ( 10 - 6 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked two . Andrew Cashner ( 4 - 8 ) gave up a season - high seven runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . He struck out five and walked one . Cashner ( 4 - 8 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . He struck out five and walked one . Cashner ( 4 - 8 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . He struck out five and walked one . Cashner ( 4 - 8 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . He struck out five and walked one . Cashner ( 4 - 8 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on RBI singles by Martin Prado and Dee Gordon and a run - scoring single by Dee Gordon . The Rockies took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth on a run - scoring single by Martin Prado and a run - scoring single by Dee Gordon . The Rockies added three more in the sixth on a two - run double by Descalso and pinch - hitter Ryan Raburn 's RBI single .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Chris Archer and the Tampa Bay Rays are on a roll . Archer pitched six strong innings , Evan Longoria and Bobby Wilson homered and the Rays beat the Minnesota Twins 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Archer ( 6 - 15 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings , striking out seven and walking three . The right - hander was coming off a three - hit shutout against the Chicago White Sox last week . Archer ( 6 - 15 ) gave up one run and three hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Alex Colome got the final two outs for his 27th save in 31 opportunities . Jose Berrios ( 2 - 2 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five - plus innings . The right - hander was coming off a three - hit shutout against the Chicago White Sox last week . Jorge Polanco had two hits and drove in two runs for the Twins , who have lost three of four . Jorge Polanco had two hits and drove in two runs for the Twins , who have lost three of four . Jorge Polanco had two hits and drove in two runs for the Twins , who have lost three of four . Jorge Polanco had two hits and drove in two runs for the Twins , who have lost three of four . Jorge Polanco had two hits and drove in two runs for the Twins , who have lost three of four . Jorge Polanco had two hits and drove in two runs for the Twins , who have lost three of four . Jorge Polanco had two hits and two RBI for the Twins .
SEATTLE -- Mike Zunino 's three - run homer capped a six - run first inning , and the Seattle Mariners rallied to beat the Los Angeles Angels 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Felix Lincecum ( 2 - 6 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Lincecum ( 2 - 6 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last four starts . Lincecum ( 2 - 6 ) was tagged for six runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He gave up six runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings . Lincecum ( 2 - 6 ) was tagged for six runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last four starts . Lincecum ( 2 - 6 ) was tagged for six runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings . He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts and has allowed at least three earned runs in each of his last five starts . The Mariners have lost five of six . Lincecum ( 2 - 6 ) was tagged for six runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings . He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Mariners have lost five of six . Lincecum ( 2 - 6 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season .
DETROIT -- Justin Verlander is pitching like a Cy Young Award winner . Verlander struck out nine in six innings , Victor Martinez hit a two - run homer and the Detroit Tigers beat the New York Mets 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 12 - 6 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth for his 31st save in 34 chances . Syndergaard ( 9 - 6 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Syndergaard ( 9 - 6 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Syndergaard ( 9 - 6 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . James Loney hit a run - scoring groundout in the ninth for New York , which has lost four of five . Syndergaard ( 9 - 6 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Syndergaard ( 9 - 6 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . James Loney 's RBI groundout in the ninth made it 4 - 3 , but Rodriguez struck out Alejandro De Aza and Alejandro De Aza to end the game . Syndergaard ( 9 - 6 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . James Loney hit an RBI groundout in the ninth for the Mets , who have lost four of five .
NEW YORK -- Bartolo Colon and the New York Mets are making a habit of their own . Colon pitched effectively into the seventh inning and Jay Bruce hit a three - run homer , leading the Mets to a 4 - 1 victory over the New York Yankees on Tuesday night . Colon ( 10 - 6 ) allowed one run and six hits in 6 2/3 innings , striking out one and walking none . The right - hander is 5 - 0 in his last seven starts . Jeurys Familia pitched the ninth for his 38th save in 43 chances . Nathan Eovaldi ( 9 - 8 ) gave up four runs and five hits in seven - plus innings . He struck out five and walked two . Nathan Eovaldi ( 9 - 8 ) gave up four runs and five hits in seven - plus innings . He struck out five and walked two . Nathan Eovaldi ( 9 - 8 ) gave up four runs and five hits in seven - plus innings . He struck out five and walked two . Eovaldi ( 9 - 8 ) gave up four runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . New York has lost four of five . The Yankees have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . Eovaldi ( 9 - 8 ) gave up four runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . Eovaldi gave up four runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . Eovaldi gave up four runs and five hits in seven innings .
SEATTLE -- Boston Red Sox manager John Farrell said his team had a chance to win the game in the 11th inning . Mookie Betts hit a go - ahead single in the 11th inning , and the Red Sox beat the Seattle Mariners 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Travis Shaw and Travis Shaw also homered for the Red Sox , who won for just the second time in eight games . Craig Kimbrel ( 2 - 3 ) struck out the side in the 11th for the win . Brad Ziegler pitched the 11th for his 21st save in 23 chances . Shawn Tazawa worked the eighth and Brad Ziegler got three outs for his 21st save in 23 chances . Cody Martin ( 1 - 2 ) took the loss . Seattle starter Drew Pomeranz gave up two runs and four hits in six innings . He walked six and struck out six . Brad Ziegler pitched the 11th for his 21st save in 23 chances . Seattle starter Drew Pomeranz gave up two runs and four hits in six innings . He walked six and struck out six . Brad Ziegler pitched the 11th for his 21st save in 23 chances . Seattle starter Drew Pomeranz gave up two runs and four hits in six innings . He walked six and struck out six . Brad Ziegler pitched the 11th for his 21st save in 23 chances . Seattle starter Drew Pomeranz gave up two runs and four hits in six innings . He walked six and struck out six . Brad Ziegler pitched the 11th for his 21st save in 23 chances . Seattle starter Ariel Miranda allowed two runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one .
HOUSTON -- Toronto 's J. A. Happ had a strong start to the season . Happ pitched six innings of four - hit ball , Edwin Encarnacion hit a solo homer and the Blue Jays beat the Houston Astros 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Happ ( 15 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Roberto Osuna struck out the side in the ninth for his 24th save . Mike Fiers ( 7 - 5 ) allowed five hits and two runs with seven strikeouts in six innings for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Fiers ( 7 - 5 ) allowed five hits and two runs with seven strikeouts in six innings . He is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . Fiers ( 7 - 5 ) allowed five hits and two runs with seven strikeouts in six innings . He is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring groundout by Josh Donaldson . Tyler White hit an RBI double in the fifth to cut the lead to 2 - 1 . White Sox starter Mike Fiers ( 7 - 5 ) allowed five hits and two runs with seven strikeouts in six innings . He has n't won since July 26 . Houston 's Tyler White hit an RBI double in the fifth to cut the lead to 2 - 1 . The Blue Jays added a run in the eighth off Will Harris on Travis 's RBI single off Will Harris , who was making his major league debut .
NEW YORK -- Jacob deGrom and the New York Mets finally broke through against Masahiro Tanaka . DeGrom pitched seven innings of four - hit ball , Alejandro De Aza hit a two - run homer and the Mets beat Masahiro Tanaka and the New York Yankees 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . deGrom ( 7 - 5 ) allowed four hits and struck out eight in seven innings , and Travis d'Arnaud homered for the Mets . Tanaka ( 7 - 4 ) was tagged for seven runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . The right - hander struck out four and walked none . Tanaka ( 7 - 4 ) gave up a season - high seven runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Tanaka ( 7 - 4 ) gave up a season - high seven runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Tanaka ( 7 - 4 ) gave up a season - high seven runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . New York has lost four of five . Tanaka ( 7 - 4 ) gave up eight hits and a season - high seven runs in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter for the first time in his career . The Yankees have lost five of their last six games . Tanaka ( 7 - 4 ) allowed seven runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked none .
SEATTLE -- Robinson Cano 's first home run of the season came on a 1 - 2 pitch from Fernando Abad leading off the eighth inning , lifting the Seattle Mariners to a 5 - 4 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night . Cano hit a 1 - 2 pitch from Fernando Abad ( 1 - 5 ) over the wall in left - center to give the Mariners a 5 - 4 lead . It was the first homer of the season for Cano , who hit a 1 - 2 pitch from Fernando Abad ( 1 - 5 ) into the right - field seats for his third homer of the season . Donn Roach ( 2 - 0 ) got the win despite allowing a run in two innings . Edwin Diaz worked the ninth for his first save . Hanley Ramirez hit his first homer of the season for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Donn Roach ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two innings for the win . Edwin Diaz struck out the side in the ninth for his first save . Seattle starter Wade LeBlanc gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI double by Aaron Hill . The Mariners made it 3 - 0 in the fourth . Mookie Betts led off with a double and scored on a two - out single by Aaron Hill . LeBlanc allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . LeBlanc allowed three runs and five hits in six innings .
CINCINNATI -- Joey Votto had a chance to get his first game - ending hit in the majors . Votto had a career - high four hits , including a tiebreaking , three - run homer in the ninth inning , and the Cincinnati Reds beat the St. Louis Cardinals 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Votto had four hits and scored twice , and Tucker Barnhart hit a solo homer for the Reds , who have won four of five . Jumbo Diaz ( 1 - 1 ) escaped a bases - loaded , one - out jam in the ninth to earn his first major league win . Joey Votto had a career - high four hits and Tucker Barnhart hit a solo homer for the Reds . Jumbo Diaz ( 1 - 1 ) escaped a bases - loaded , one - out jam in the ninth to earn his first major league win . Joey Votto had a career - high four hits , including an RBI double in the first inning . The Cardinals tied it in the sixth on Jedd Gyorko 's leadoff homer and Jhonny Peralta 's run - scoring double . Jumbo Diaz ( 1 - 1 ) escaped a bases - loaded , one - out jam in the ninth to earn the win . Tommy Pham tied it at 4 with a solo homer off Ross Ohlendorf in the eighth . Tommy Pham tied it at 4 with a solo homer off Ross Ohlendorf in the eighth . Cardinals starter Dan Straily allowed two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Votto 's RBI double .
SEATTLE -- Edwin Diaz has been a big part of the Seattle Mariners ' late - season surge . Diaz struck out the side in the ninth inning to earn his major league - leading 18th save , giving the Mariners a 3 - 2 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . Seattle has won three straight and five of six . The Mariners have won eight of their last 10 games . Steve Cishek ( 4 - 6 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Edwin Diaz struck out the side in the ninth for his major league - leading 18th save , despite giving up an RBI single to pinch - hitter Bruce Maxwell . Steve Cishek ( 4 - 6 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Edwin Diaz struck out the side in the ninth for his major league - leading 18th save , despite giving up a run and three hits . Steve Cishek ( 4 - 6 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Edwin Diaz got the final three outs for his major league - leading 18th save , despite giving up a run in the ninth . Chad Pinder and Chad Pinder homered for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Ariel Miranda allowed one run and four hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Mariners . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . Seattle starter Kendall Graveman allowed one run and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Graveman allowed one run and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Graveman allowed one run and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings .
ATLANTA -- Braves manager Fredi Gonzalez said he was n't thinking about pulling closer Jeanmar Gomez . Dansby Swanson hit a go - ahead double in the eighth inning , and the Braves beat the Philadelphia Phillies 5 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight win . The Braves have lost six of seven . Mauricio Cabrera ( 5 - 1 ) got one out in the eighth , and Jim Johnson gave up an RBI single to Aaron Altherr with two outs in the ninth . Mauricio Cabrera ( 5 - 1 ) got one out in the eighth , and Jim Johnson gave up an RBI single to Aaron Altherr with two outs in the ninth . Mauricio Cabrera ( 5 - 1 ) got one out in the eighth for the win . Jim Johnson gave up an RBI single to Aaron Altherr with two outs in the ninth before striking out pinch - hitter Darin Ruf to end the inning . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Aaron Altherr 's two - out RBI single . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Aaron Altherr 's two - out RBI single . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out RBI single by Aaron Altherr . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out RBI single by Aaron Altherr . Collmenter allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Collmenter allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He walked none and struck out four . Collmenter allowed one run and six hits in seven innings .
ATLANTA -- Braves manager Fredi Gonzalez said he was n't going to let Ryan Howard go deep in the game . It was the first grand slam of the season for Ryan Howard and the Braves . Flowers hit a three - run homer and pinch - hitter Emilio Bonifacio drove in the go - ahead run with a two - out single in the eighth inning , lifting the Braves to a 7 - 6 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Freddie Freeman and Freddie Freeman also homered for the Braves , who have won four of five . Mauricio Cabrera ( 4 - 1 ) pitched out of a bases - loaded jam in the eighth to earn the win . Jim Johnson worked a perfect ninth for his 18th save . Ryan Howard hit a grand slam and Roman Quinn had three hits for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Ryan Howard hit a grand slam and Roman Quinn had three hits for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Ryan Howard hit a grand slam and Roman Quinn had three hits for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Howard hit a three - run homer off Julio Teheran in the first inning . He also had a run - scoring double in the second and a two - out RBI double in the second . Howard hit a three - run homer in the sixth to pull the Phillies to 6 - 5 , but the Phillies tied it in the bottom of the inning on a two - out single by Nick Markakis and pinch - hitter Emilio Bonifacio 's pinch - hit RBI single . The Phillies added a run in the eighth on pinch - hitter Emilio Bonifacio 's RBI single .
PITTSBURGH -- Kyle Hendricks did n't need much run support for the Chicago Cubs . Hendricks pitched six scoreless innings and Javier Baez hit a grand slam to lead the Cubs to a 12 - 2 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Hendricks ( 16 - 8 ) struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Hendricks ( 16 - 8 ) allowed seven hits and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Chad Kuhl ( 5 - 4 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in three - plus innings . The Pirates have lost five of six . Chad Kuhl ( 5 - 4 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in three - plus innings . He walked two and struck out three . Kuhl ( 5 - 4 ) gave up five runs , five earned , and eight hits in three - plus innings . He walked two and struck out three . Kuhl ( 5 - 4 ) gave up five runs , five earned , and eight hits in three - plus innings . He walked two and struck out three . Kuhl ( 5 - 4 ) allowed five runs , five earned , and eight hits in three - plus innings . He walked two and struck out three . Kuhl ( 5 - 4 ) gave up five runs , five earned , and eight hits in three innings .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres have a chance to win the NL West . Adam Rosales and Adam Rosales homered , Manuel Margot had three hits and the Padres beat the San Francisco Giants 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Margot had three hits , including a go - ahead single in the fifth inning , and Adam Rosales also homered for the Padres . Brandon Morrow ( 1 - 0 ) pitched the final 1 2/3 innings for the win . Brad Hand got the final five outs for his first career save . Cory Gearrin ( 3 - 2 ) took the loss . Cory Gearrin ( 3 - 2 ) took the loss . San Francisco 's Clayton Richard allowed three runs and five hits in six innings , struck out one and walked three . San Francisco starter Clayton Richard allowed three runs , two earned , and five hits in six innings , struck out one and walked three . San Francisco starter Clayton Richard allowed three runs and five hits in six innings , struck out one and walked three . San Francisco starter Clayton Richard allowed three runs , two earned , and five hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out one . San Francisco starter Clayton Richard allowed three runs , two earned , and five hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out one . San Francisco starter Clayton Richard allowed three runs , two earned , and five hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out one . San Francisco starter Clayton Richard allowed three runs , two earned , and five hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out one .
PITTSBURGH -- Washington Nationals starter Joe Ross did n't need much help from his defense . The right - hander was n't as sharp as he was in his previous start , allowing one run and five hits in 5 1/3 innings in a 6 - 1 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . The right - hander allowed one run and five hits in 5 1/3 innings , striking out six and walking one . Lopez ( 4 - 3 ) allowed one run and five hits in 5 1/3 innings , striking out six and walking one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in three starts against the Pirates this season . Lopez ( 4 - 3 ) allowed one run and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Nationals have won three of four . Ivan Nova ( 12 - 8 ) gave up six runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in four innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Nova ( 12 - 8 ) gave up six runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in four innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Nova ( 12 - 8 ) gave up six runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in four - plus innings . He struck out two and walked none . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games . The Pirates have lost six of eight . Nova ( 12 - 8 ) gave up six runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in four innings . He struck out two and walked none .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres finally got a win . Wil Myers hit a three - run homer and Edwin Jackson pitched six strong innings to lead the Padres to a 7 - 2 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night . Jackson ( 5 - 6 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings , struck out five and walked five . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Jackson ( 5 - 6 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings , struck out five and walked five . He has won four of his last five starts . Jackson ( 5 - 6 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings , struck out five and walked five . He has won four of his last five starts . Albert Suarez ( 3 - 5 ) gave up three runs and five hits in four innings . He walked one and struck out one . Buster Posey hit a two - run double in the fifth for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Buster Posey hit a two - run double in the fifth for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Buster Posey hit a two - run double in the fifth for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Buster Posey hit a two - run double in the fifth for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Buster Posey hit a two - run double in the fifth for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Buster Posey hit a two - run double in the fifth for the Giants .
MILWAUKEE -- Pittsburgh Pirates manager Clint Hurdle was happy with his team 's offense . Sean Rodriguez homered and drove in three runs , Chad Kuhl pitched six strong innings and the Pirates beat the Milwaukee Brewers 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Rodriguez hit a two - run single in the first inning and Andrew McCutchen added a solo homer in the fourth for the Pirates , who have won three of four . Kuhl ( 5 - 3 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Tony Watson pitched the ninth for his 15th save in 17 chances . Jimmy Nelson ( 8 - 15 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out five . Brewers starter Jimmy Nelson ( 8 - 15 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out five . Nelson Nelson ( 8 - 15 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out five . Nelson Nelson ( 8 - 15 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out five . Nelson Nelson ( 8 - 15 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out five . Nelson Nelson ( 8 - 15 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out five . Nelson Nelson ( 8 - 15 ) allowed four runs and six hits in five innings for the Brewers . He struck out five and walked two .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The New York Yankees got a big boost from Gary Sanchez . Sanchez homered twice and drove in five runs , Masahiro Tanaka pitched six innings to lead the Yankees to an 11 - 5 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Sanchez hit a three - run homer in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the ninth . He also hit a three - run shot in the second inning and added a two - run homer in the ninth . Donovan Solano had three hits , including a three - run homer off Alex Cobb ( 1 - 1 ) , and Brian McCann had four hits and drove in a run for the Yankees . Cobb ( 1 - 1 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 1 1/3 innings . Evan Longoria and Bobby Wilson hit back - to - back home runs in the third to cut the deficit to 7 - 4 . Cobb ( 1 - 1 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 1 1/3 innings . Evan Longoria and Bobby Wilson hit solo homers for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Cobb ( 1 - 1 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 1 1/3 innings . The right - hander was coming off a complete - game victory over Tampa Bay in which he gave up seven runs in 4 1/3 innings . Cobb was replaced by Justin Marks , who gave up a solo homer to Sanchez in the sixth . Cobb was replaced by Steve Geltz , who gave up a run - scoring single to Mason Williams in the ninth . Sanchez hit a two - run homer off Justin Marks in the ninth .
DENVER -- The Colorado Rockies are making their first trip to Coors Field since the All-Star break . Nolan Arenado hit his first career grand slam , German Marquez pitched five effective innings and the Rockies beat the St. Louis Cardinals 11 - 1 on Tuesday night . Nolan Arenado hit his first career grand slam and drove in four runs , and German Marquez ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run in five innings for his first major league win . Marquez ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked one . Luke Weaver ( 1 - 4 ) lasted just two innings , giving up six runs and seven hits . He walked one and struck out one . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by DJ LeMahieu . The Rockies tied it in the second when Jeremy Hazelbaker led off with a double and scored on Kolten Wong 's sacrifice fly . The Rockies tied it in the second when Jeremy Hazelbaker led off with a double and scored on Kolten Wong 's sacrifice fly . The Rockies tied it in the second when Jeremy Hazelbaker led off with a double and scored on Kolten Wong 's sacrifice fly . The Rockies tied it in the second when Jeremy Hazelbaker led off with a double and scored on Kolten Wong 's sacrifice fly . The Rockies tied it in the second when Jeremy Hazelbaker led off with a double and scored on Kolten Wong 's sacrifice fly . The Rockies tied it in the second when Jeremy Hazelbaker led off with a double and scored on Kolten Wong 's sacrifice fly .
NEW YORK -- Freddie Freeman had four hits , including a home run , and drove in three runs to lead the Atlanta Braves to a 7 - 3 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Freeman had four hits , including a two - run homer , and Dansby Swanson had three hits and three RBI as the Braves won for the seventh time in nine games . Freeman had four hits , including a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run single in the seventh that made it 7 - 2. T. J. Rivera hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Syndergaard ( 13 - 9 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He struck out five and walked three . Syndergaard ( 13 - 9 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . Syndergaard ( 13 - 9 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . Syndergaard ( 13 - 9 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . Syndergaard ( 13 - 9 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . Syndergaard ( 13 - 9 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He struck out five , walked three and hit a batter .
BOSTON -- Hanley Ramirez hit a pair of three - run homers , and the Boston Red Sox rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the New York Yankees on Tuesday night . Ramirez hit a three - run homer in the fifth inning and added a solo shot in the seventh . He also hit a three - run shot in the fifth inning and added a solo shot in the seventh . Robby Scott ( 1 - 0 ) got two outs in the seventh for the win . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth for his seventh save in seven chances . Gary Sanchez homered for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Gary Sanchez homered for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Gary Sanchez homered for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Gary Sanchez homered for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Gary Sanchez and Gary Sanchez homered for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Gary Sanchez hit a solo homer for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Sabathia allowed four runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . He walked three and struck out five . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Didi Gregorius . The Yankees made it 4 - 0 in the fourth . Mason Williams led off with a double and scored on Brett Gardner 's fielder 's choice . Ronald Torreyes drove in a run with a fielder 's choice , and Ronald Torreyes ' fielder 's choice grounder made it 4 - 0 . Pomeranz allowed four runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings .
ATLANTA -- Adonis Garcia had three hits , including a two - run single in the sixth inning , and the Atlanta Braves beat the Washington Nationals 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Adonis Garcia had three hits and three RBI , and Adonis Garcia drove in three runs . Matt Wisler ( 7 - 12 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Braves , who have won four of five . Wisler ( 7 - 12 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander was 0 - 3 in his previous five starts . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Freddie Freeman 's RBI single . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Freddie Freeman 's RBI single . The Nationals cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the sixth on Jayson Werth 's RBI double and Bryce Harper 's run - scoring single . The Nationals cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the sixth . Trea Turner led off with a double and scored on Jayson Werth 's two - out double . Harper followed with an RBI single to cut the lead to 3 - 2 . Wisler allowed two runs on five hits and no walks in 5 2/3 innings . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out single by Garcia . The Nationals added two runs in the fourth . Garcia hit an RBI double and scored on Freddie Freeman 's two - out single to make it 3 - 0 . Wisler allowed two runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Miami Marlins have found a way to beat the Philadelphia Phillies . Christian Yelich hit a tying , two - run homer off Hector Neris in the eighth inning and the Marlins rallied to beat the Phillies 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Christian Yelich hit a tying , two - run homer off Hector Neris ( 4 - 4 ) in the eighth inning , and Dee Gordon 's RBI single in the eighth made it 5 - 4 . Mike Dunn ( 4 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . A. J. Ramos pitched the ninth for his 37th save in 43 chances . Freddy Galvis had three hits , including a homer , and drove in two runs for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Mike Dunn ( 4 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . A. J. Ramos pitched the ninth for his 37th save in 43 chances . Freddy Galvis had three hits , including a homer , and drove in two runs for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Philadelphia starter Andrew Cashner gave up three runs and five hits in four innings . He walked three and struck out four . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Tommy Joseph and a run - scoring single by Tommy Joseph . The Phillies cut the deficit to 3 - 2 in the fifth on an RBI single by pinch - hitter J. T. Realmuto . Cashner allowed three runs and five hits in four innings . He walked three and struck out four . Cashner allowed three runs and five hits in four innings .
BALTIMORE -- The Tampa Bay Rays have been playing so well this season , the Tampa Bay Rays are n't going to have to make a playoff push . Evan Longoria and Evan Longoria homered , Matt Andriese pitched effectively into the sixth inning and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Andriese ( 8 - 7 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked none . Alex Colome got the final three outs for his major league - leading 34th save . Chris Tillman ( 16 - 6 ) allowed three runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the first inning when J. J. Hardy hit a leadoff double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Manny Machado . Baltimore went up 2 - 0 in the bottom half when J. J. Hardy hit a leadoff double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Machado . In the bottom half , the Orioles loaded the bases with one out before Machado hit a sacrifice fly .
NEW YORK -- Clayton Kershaw did n't allow a hit until the fifth inning , and the Los Angeles Dodgers ' bullpen could n't hold it . Kershaw struck out five in five scoreless innings , and the Dodgers beat the New York Yankees 2 - 0 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Kershaw struck out five , walked none and threw 64 of 64 pitches for strikes . He struck out five , walked none and threw 64 of 64 pitches for strikes . Luis Avilan ( 2 - 0 ) struck out three in 1 1/3 innings for the win and Kenley Jansen struck out the side in the ninth for his 44th save . Betances ( 3 - 5 ) threw a wild pitch , allowing two unearned runs in the ninth . Luis Avilan ( 2 - 0 ) struck out three in 1 1/3 innings for the win . Kenley Jansen struck out the side in the ninth for his 44th save in 47 chances . Betances ( 3 - 5 ) allowed two unearned runs in the ninth . Betances ( 3 - 5 ) allowed two unearned runs in the ninth . Betances ( 3 - 5 ) allowed two unearned runs in the ninth . Betances ( 3 - 5 ) threw a wild pitch , allowing two unearned runs to make it 1 - 0 . Betances ( 3 - 5 ) was charged with two unearned runs in the ninth . Betances ( 3 - 5 ) threw a wild pitch , allowing two unearned runs to make it 1 - 0 . Betances ( 3 - 5 ) was charged with two unearned runs in the ninth . He struck out two and walked two .
CINCINNATI -- Joey Votto had a big night at the plate . Votto had three hits , including a two - run homer in the ninth inning , and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Milwaukee Brewers 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Votto hit a solo homer in the first inning off Matt Garza ( 5 - 7 ) , who gave up eight hits and five runs -- one earned -- in five innings . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . Votto had a solo homer in the first inning off Matt Garza ( 5 - 7 ) , who gave up eight hits and five runs -- one earned -- in five innings . Jonathan Villar homered for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Dan Straily ( 12 - 8 ) allowed two runs and three hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Tony Cingrani gave up a two - run homer by Chris Carter in the ninth . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . Votto 's homer was the first of the season for Votto , who leads the majors in home runs .
WASHINGTON -- The New York Mets are on a roll . Noah Syndergaard pitched seven strong innings , T. J. Rivera homered and drove in three runs and the Mets rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . T. J. Rivera homered and drove in three runs , T. J. Rivera homered and drove in three runs and T. J. Rivera homered and drove in three runs for the Mets . Jeurys Familia ( 3 - 3 ) got the win despite giving up two runs -- one earned -- in the 10th . T. J. Rivera homered and drove in three runs for the Mets , who have won four of five . Jeurys Familia ( 3 - 3 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and three hits in a shaky ninth . Jerry Blevins got the final out for his first major league save . T. J. Rivera homered and drove in three runs for the Mets , who have won four of five . Jeurys Familia ( 3 - 3 ) got the win despite allowing two runs -- one earned -- in the ninth . Wilson Ramos had two hits and two RBI for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Wilson Ramos had two hits and two RBI for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals scored in the second on a double by Anthony Rendon and a run - scoring double by Anthony Rendon . Cole allowed three runs and nine hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked two . Cole allowed three runs and nine hits in five innings .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Miguel Sano and Miguel Sano hit consecutive home runs in the bottom of the 12th inning to give the Minnesota Twins a 2 - 1 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Sano hit a tying homer in the second inning , and Miguel Sano added a solo shot in the bottom of the inning to give the Twins a 2 - 1 lead . Joe Colon ( 1 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up two hits and one run in two - thirds of an inning . Joe Colon ( 1 - 2 ) gave up two hits and one run in two - thirds of an inning . Cleveland starter Hector Santiago gave up one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out two and walked four . Hector Santiago allowed one run and five hits in seven innings for the Twins , who have won four of five . Hector Santiago allowed one run and five hits in seven innings for the Twins . He struck out two and walked four . Hector Santiago gave up one run and five hits in seven innings for the Twins . He struck out two and walked four . Hector Santiago allowed one run and five hits in seven innings for the Twins . He struck out two and walked four . Hector Santiago allowed one run and five hits in seven innings for the Twins . He struck out two and walked four . Mike Clevinger gave up one run and two hits in four innings for the Indians . He struck out five and walked one . Mike Clevinger allowed one run and two hits in four innings for the Indians . He struck out five and walked one .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Cleveland Indians manager Terry Francona was n't happy with his team 's latest loss to the Indians . Mike Napoli hit a tiebreaking homer in the fifth inning , and the Indians beat the Minnesota Twins 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Mike Napoli also homered for the Indians , who have won four of five . Tyler Duffey ( 8 - 11 ) gave up five runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in five innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer homered for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Colon ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Cody Allen pitched the ninth for his 27th save in 30 chances . Tyler Duffey ( 8 - 11 ) gave up five runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in five innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer homered and Brian Dozier had an RBI double for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Duffey ( 8 - 11 ) gave up five runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out six . Brian Dozier drove in the Twins ' first run with a two - out double in the second inning . Buxton hit a two - run homer in the fourth to tie the game at 4 . Salazar allowed four runs -- three earned -- and five hits in four innings . He struck out four and walked two . Buxton hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Twins .
SAN DIEGO -- Clayton Richard and the San Diego Padres finally won their first game of the season . Richard pitched seven strong innings , Ryan Schimpf hit a three - run homer and the Padres beat the Colorado Rockies 14 - 1 on Tuesday night . Richard ( 2 - 3 ) struck out a career - high eight and allowed six hits in seven innings . He struck out a career - high eight , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . Jeff Hoffman ( 0 - 3 ) lasted just 2 2/3 innings , giving up seven runs -- six earned -- and six hits . He struck out three , walked two and hit a batter . Derek Norris hit a three - run homer in the eighth for the Padres , who have won four of five . Jeff Hoffman ( 0 - 3 ) lasted just 2 2/3 innings , giving up seven runs -- six earned -- and six hits . He walked two and struck out two . The Rockies have lost four of five . Hoffman ( 0 - 3 ) lasted just 2 2/3 innings , giving up seven runs -- six earned -- and six hits . He walked two and struck out two . The Rockies have lost four of five . Hoffman ( 0 - 3 ) lasted just 2 2/3 innings , giving up seven runs -- six earned -- and six hits . He walked two and struck out two . The Rockies have lost four of five . Hoffman ( 0 - 3 ) lasted just 2 2/3 innings , allowing seven runs -- six earned -- and six hits . He walked two and struck out three .
CLEVELAND -- Indians manager Terry Francona was n't happy with his team 's latest win . The Indians are in the thick of the AL wild - card race . Carlos Santana hit a two - run homer and Francisco Lindor had three RBI to help the Indians beat the Houston Astros 10 - 7 on Tuesday night . Carlos Santana hit a two - run homer and Francisco Lindor had three RBI for the Indians , who have won four of five . Trevor Bauer ( 11 - 6 ) allowed five runs and seven hits in five innings for the Indians . Cody Allen pitched the ninth for his 26th save in 30 chances . Colby Rasmus hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Trevor Bauer ( 11 - 6 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in five - plus innings . Cody Allen pitched the ninth for his 26th save in 30 chances . The Indians have lost four of five . Houston 's Jose Altuve went 0 - for - 4 , ending his career - best hitting streak at 14 games . The Indians have lost four of five . Houston 's Jose Altuve went 0 for 4 , ending his career - best hitting streak at 14 games . The Indians have lost four of five . Houston 's Jose Altuve went 0 for 4 with two strikeouts , ending his career - best hitting streak at 20 games -- the longest active streak in the majors . The Indians have lost four of five . Houston 's Jose Altuve went 0 - for - 4 and is hitless in his last 21 at - bats .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox have been waiting for Justin Upton to find a way to break out of a slump . Morneau hit a go - ahead single in the eighth inning and the White Sox rallied for a 7 - 4 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . The White Sox trailed 4 - 3 entering the eighth , but Justin Upton hit a three - run homer off Chris Beck ( 2 - 0 ) in the second inning and Jose Iglesias added an RBI double in the seventh . Chris Beck ( 2 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . David Robertson pitched the ninth for his 35th save in 38 chances . Justin Upton hit a three - run homer for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Chris Beck ( 2 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . David Robertson pitched the ninth for his 35th save in 38 chances . The White Sox took a 4 - 3 lead in the seventh on a run - scoring double by Jose Iglesias and a run - scoring double by Jose Iglesias . Detroit starter Anibal Sanchez gave up three runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked one . Detroit starter Anibal Sanchez gave up three runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked one . Detroit starter Anibal Sanchez gave up three runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked one . Detroit starter Anibal Sanchez gave up three runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked one . Detroit starter Anibal Sanchez gave up three runs and eight hits in five innings .
CINCINNATI -- Bartolo Colon has been a lot better for the New York Mets . Colon pitched six innings of five - hit ball , Matt Reynolds homered and drove in two runs , and the Mets beat the Cincinnati Reds 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Colon ( 13 - 7 ) gave up five hits , walked one and struck out two . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts against the Reds . The Mets have won six of their last seven games . The Mets have won seven of their last 10 games . The Mets have won seven of their last 10 games . The Mets have won seven of their last 10 games . They have won seven of their last 10 games at Great American Ball Park . Colon ( 13 - 7 ) gave up five hits , walked one and struck out two . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Hansel Robles , Fernando Salas and Jerry Blevins combined for 2 1/3 scoreless innings . Robert Stephenson ( 2 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Stephenson ( 2 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out a career - high nine and walked one . Stephenson ( 2 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out a career - high nine and walked one . Stephenson ( 2 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out nine and walked one .
WASHINGTON -- Max Scherzer has been the Washington Nationals ' ace since the All-Star break . The right - hander allowed two runs in seven innings , and Chris Heisey hit a three - run homer to lead the Nationals to a 6 - 4 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . Scherzer ( 16 - 7 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out five and lowered his ERA to 2.88 . Chris Heisey hit a three - run homer and Chris Heisey added a three - run shot for the Nationals , who have won five of their last six games . Scherzer ( 16 - 7 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in his last seven starts . Ryan Weber ( 1 - 1 ) gave up five runs and six hits in three innings . The Braves have lost six of seven . Atlanta 's Nick Markakis went 3 for 5 with a double and scored twice . Nick Markakis had three hits for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Nick Markakis had three hits for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Nick Markakis had three hits for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Nick Markakis had three hits for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Nick Markakis had three hits for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Jace Peterson hit a two - out RBI double in the second to give the Braves a 1 - 0 lead .
CINCINNATI -- The Cincinnati Reds have been in first place in the NL Central since the All-Star break . They 're still in first place in the NL Central . Tucker Barnhart had two hits and drove in two runs , Dan Straily pitched 5 2/3 innings and the Reds beat the St. Louis Cardinals 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Tucker Barnhart had two hits and drove in two runs for the Reds , who have won four of five . Dan Straily ( 11 - 7 ) allowed one run and three hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked a season - high seven . Straily ( 11 - 7 ) gave up one run and three hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked a season - high seven . Straily ( 11 - 7 ) allowed one run and three hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked a season - high seven . The Reds have won five of their last six games . Jaime Garcia ( 10 - 11 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings for St. Louis . He struck out eight and walked four . Garcia ( 10 - 11 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked four . Garcia ( 10 - 11 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked four . Garcia ( 10 - 11 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked four . Garcia ( 10 - 11 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked four .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Rick Porcello and the Boston Red Sox are on a roll . Porcello pitched seven solid innings , David Ortiz had three hits and drove in two runs and the Red Sox beat the Oakland Athletics 11 - 2 on Tuesday night . Porcello ( 19 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Porcello ( 19 - 3 ) gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Porcello ( 19 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Red Sox have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . Porcello ( 19 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The A 's have lost five of six . Mengden ( 1 - 6 ) allowed seven runs and eight hits in 2 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked two and struck out two . Mengden ( 1 - 6 ) lasted just 2 2/3 innings , giving up eight hits and seven runs . He walked two and struck out two . Mengden ( 1 - 6 ) was tagged for seven runs and eight hits in 2 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Josh Tomlin did n't need much help from his defense . The right - hander pitched into the eighth inning , Yan Gomes hit a two - run homer and the Cleveland Indians beat the Kansas City Royals 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Tomlin ( 13 - 9 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter . Cody Allen pitched the ninth for his 32nd save in 34 chances . Ian Kennedy ( 11 - 11 ) allowed three runs and four hits in 7 2/3 innings for the Royals . He struck out three and walked two . The Royals have lost four of five . Kennedy ( 11 - 11 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 7 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Royals have lost four of five . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost four of five . Kennedy ( 11 - 11 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 7 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Royals have lost five of their last six games . Kennedy ( 11 - 11 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 7 2/3 innings .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Miguel Sano had a big night at the plate . Sano hit a three - run homer and drove in five runs , Phil Hughes pitched effectively into the sixth inning and the Minnesota Twins beat the Kansas City Royals 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Sano had three hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in five runs , and Phil Hughes ( 4 - 1 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . Brandon Kintzler gave up a solo homer to Lorenzo Cain in the ninth , but still earned his seventh save in as many chances . The Royals scored three runs in the second inning to take a 5 - 3 lead . Whit Merrifield and Lorenzo Cain hit back - to - back home runs off Hughes ( 4 - 1 ) , who allowed four runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . Brandon Kintzler gave up a solo homer to Lorenzo Cain in the ninth , but still earned his seventh save in as many chances . The Royals scored three runs in the second to take a 2 - 0 lead . Whit Merrifield and Lorenzo Cain hit back - to - back home runs to cut the Royals ' lead to 5 - 3 . Sano 's three - run homer in the third gave the Twins a 3 - 2 lead . It was Sano 's first home run since July 26 , 2011 , at Kansas City . He also had a run - producing single in the ninth inning of a 6 - 5 loss to the Twins on Friday night . The Royals scored three runs in the second inning to take a 2 - 0 lead . Eric Hosmer led off with a double and scored on Alcides Escobar 's double . Alcides Escobar followed with an RBI single , and Alcides Escobar 's RBI single made it 2 - 0 .
CLEVELAND -- Indians manager Terry Francona was n't happy with his team 's offense . Lonnie Chisenhall hit a two - run double in a four - run first inning , Danny Salazar pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Indians beat the Seattle Mariners 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Danny Salazar ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs and three hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Cody Allen pitched the ninth for his sixth save . Nelson Cruz hit a two - run homer and Kyle Seager added a solo shot for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Danny Salazar ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs and three hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Cody Allen pitched the ninth for his sixth save in six chances . Nelson Cruz hit a two - run homer in the first for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Gallardo allowed four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . Gallardo allowed four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . Gallardo gave up four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Gallardo allowed four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Gallardo allowed four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Gallardo allowed four runs and six hits in six innings .
MIAMI -- Ivan Nova did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Nova pitched a three - hitter for his first career shutout , and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Miami Marlins 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Nova ( 3 - 2 ) struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Nova ( 3 - 2 ) struck out seven , walked none and lowered his ERA to 1.50 . He lowered his ERA to 1.50 . Nova ( 3 - 2 ) struck out seven , walked none and lowered his ERA to 1.50 . He lowered his ERA to 1.50 . Dan Straily ( 1 - 2 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out five . The Marlins have lost four of five . Dan Straily ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out five . The Marlins have lost three of their past four games . The Marlins have lost three of their past four games . Dan Straily ( 1 - 2 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out five . The Marlins have lost three of their past four games . The Marlins have lost three of their past four games . Straily allowed three runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out five . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Jordy Mercer .
CLEVELAND -- Seattle manager Terry Francona was n't happy with his team 's latest loss . Robinson Cano hit a two - run homer and Robinson Cano added a two - run shot to lead the Mariners to a 3 - 1 win over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Ariel Miranda ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one run and two hits in 5 1/3 innings , striking out seven and walking two . Edwin Diaz struck out the side in the ninth for his fourth save . Ariel Miranda ( 2 - 2 ) gave up one run and two hits in 5 1/3 innings . Edwin Diaz struck out the side in the ninth for his fourth save . Ariel Miranda ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one run and two hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Edwin Diaz struck out the side in the ninth for his fourth save . Carlos Carrasco ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs and six hits over eight innings . He struck out seven and walked none . Jose Ramirez hit a solo homer in the fourth for Cleveland , which has lost four of five . The Indians have lost six of seven . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . Cleveland has lost six of seven . Cleveland has lost six of seven . Cleveland has lost six of seven . Cleveland has lost six of seven . Indians starter Ariel Miranda ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one run and two hits in 5 1/3 innings .
BOSTON -- The New York Yankees have been waiting for Masahiro Tanaka to throw a complete game . Tanaka pitched a three - hitter , Matt Holliday drove in two runs and the Yankees beat the Boston Red Sox 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Tanaka ( 3 - 1 ) allowed three hits , struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Tanaka ( 3 - 1 ) struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Tanaka ( 3 - 1 ) allowed three hits , struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Red Sox were shut out for the third time this season . Sale ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in eight innings . He struck out 10 and did n't walk a batter . Sale ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in eight innings . He struck out 10 and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Sale ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in eight innings . He struck out 10 and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Aaron Hicks doubled and scored on Holliday 's sacrifice fly . The Yankees made it 1 - 0 in the fourth when Aaron Hicks doubled and scored on Holliday 's sacrifice fly .
CLEVELAND -- Dallas Keuchel did n't look like a Cy Young Award winner . Keuchel pitched a six - hitter for his first career complete game , Josh Reddick drove in three runs and the Houston Astros beat the Cleveland Indians 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Keuchel ( 4 - 0 ) gave up six hits , struck out five and walked three in his second complete game of the season . He struck out five and walked three . Josh Tomlin ( 1 - 3 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in six innings for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Josh Reddick had a two - run single in the fifth for the Astros , who have won four of five . Josh Reddick drove in three runs for the Astros , who have won four of five . Josh Reddick drove in three runs for the Astros , who have won four of five . Josh Reddick had a two - run single in the fifth for the Astros , who have won four of five . Josh Tomlin ( 1 - 3 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in six innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Indians have lost five of six . Tomlin allowed three runs and eight hits over six innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Tomlin allowed three runs and eight hits over six innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Tomlin allowed three runs and eight hits over six innings . He struck out six .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Clayton Kershaw was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . The Los Angeles Dodgers ' ace struck out seven and allowed six hits in seven innings to help the Dodgers beat the San Francisco Giants 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Kershaw ( 4 - 1 ) allowed one run and six hits , struck out seven and walked one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.31 ERA in his last four starts against the Giants . Kershaw ( 4 - 1 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Kenley Jansen got four outs for his fifth save in seven chances . San Francisco starter Ty Blach ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked one . San Francisco 's Ty Blach ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked one . San Francisco has lost four of its last five . Blach ( 0 - 1 ) allowed two runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked one . San Francisco has lost four of its last five . Blach allowed two runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked one . San Francisco has lost four of its last five . Blach allowed two runs and four hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out two . Blach allowed two runs and four hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out two . Blach allowed two runs and four hits in five innings .
PITTSBURGH -- Ivan Nova was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Nova pitched seven effective innings and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the New York Yankees 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Nova ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.69 ERA in four starts against the Yankees this season . Jordan Montgomery ( 1 - 1 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Montgomery ( 1 - 1 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings with five strikeouts and two walks . Montgomery ( 1 - 1 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out five and walked two . Montgomery ( 1 - 1 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out five and walked two . Montgomery ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out five and walked two . Montgomery ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out five and walked two . Montgomery ( 1 - 1 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out five and walked two . Montgomery ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out five and walked two . Montgomery ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two .
PITTSBURGH -- The New York Yankees have been waiting for pinch - hitter Chris Carter to come through in a big way . Carter hit a go - ahead , three - run homer in the eighth inning , and the Yankees beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 11 - 5 on Wednesday night . Ronald Torreyes had four hits and drove in two runs for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Ronald Torreyes had four hits and drove in two runs for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Dellin Betances ( 2 - 1 ) retired the only batter he faced to earn the win . Andrew McCutchen homered and drove in two runs for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Dellin Betances ( 2 - 1 ) retired the only batter he faced to earn the win . Aroldis Chapman worked the eighth and Aroldis Chapman finished for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Dellin Betances ( 2 - 1 ) retired the only batter he faced to earn the win . Aroldis Chapman worked the eighth and Aroldis Chapman finished for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Pittsburgh starter Michael Pineda gave up three runs and five hits in five - plus innings . He walked two and struck out six . Pittsburgh starter Michael Pineda gave up three runs and five hits in five - plus innings . He walked two and struck out six . Pittsburgh starter Michael Pineda gave up three runs and five hits in five - plus innings . He walked two and struck out six . Pittsburgh starter Michael Pineda gave up three runs and five hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out six .
PHOENIX -- Arizona Diamondbacks manager Chip Hale said he was n't worried about his team 's offensive outburst . The Diamondbacks scored five runs in the eighth inning to beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 13 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Dodgers had lost four of five and were swept in a three - game series at Chase Field for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The Dodgers have lost four of five . The Dodgers have lost four of five . The Dodgers have lost four of five . Corey Seager had three hits , including a two - run homer , and rookie Corey Seager had three hits , including a two - run homer , for Los Angeles . Corey Seager had three hits , including a two - run homer , and rookie Corey Seager had three hits , including a two - run homer , for Los Angeles . Corey Seager had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in three runs for Los Angeles . Corey Seager had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in three runs for Los Angeles . Corey Seager had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in three runs for Los Angeles . Corey Seager had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in three runs for Los Angeles . The Dodgers tied it at 4 in the sixth on a two - out RBI single by Andrew Toles . The Dodgers tied it at 4 in the sixth on a two - out RBI single by Andrew Toles . The Dodgers tied it at 4 in the sixth on a two - out RBI single by Andrew Toles .
CHICAGO -- Corey Kluber has been the Cleveland Indians ' ace . Kluber pitched a three - hitter , Brandon Guyer hit a two - run homer and the Indians beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Kluber ( 2 - 1 ) struck out nine and walked two in his second complete game of the season . He struck out nine and walked two . Brandon Guyer hit a two - run homer and Brandon Guyer added a two - run shot for the Indians . Jose Quintana ( 0 - 4 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings for Chicago . He struck out six and walked three . Quintana ( 0 - 4 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . Quintana ( 0 - 4 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . Quintana ( 0 - 4 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . Quintana ( 0 - 4 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . Quintana ( 0 - 4 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . The White Sox have lost six of their last seven games and are 3 - 6 on a nine - game road trip that began with a three - game sweep at Tampa Bay . Quintana allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked three .
SAN DIEGO -- Jhoulys Chacin has been a big part of the San Diego Padres ' rotation . Chacin pitched eight innings of five - hit ball , Erick Aybar homered and the Padres beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Chacin ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three hits , struck out five and walked one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 4.70 ERA in his last four starts . The Padres have won five of their last six games . Greinke ( 1 - 2 ) gave up five hits , struck out six and walked one . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . Greinke ( 1 - 2 ) gave up five hits , struck out six and walked one . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . Greinke ( 1 - 2 ) allowed five hits , struck out six and walked one . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . Greinke ( 1 - 2 ) allowed a run and five hits in eight innings , struck out six and walked one . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Evan Longoria had three hits and drove in three runs , and the Tampa Bay Rays rallied to beat the Detroit Tigers 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Longoria 's RBI single in the seventh inning off Rodriguez ( 1 - 1 ) gave the Rays a 6 - 5 lead , and Steven Souza Jr. drove in three runs with a bases - loaded triple in the ninth . Austin Pruitt ( 1 - 0 ) got the win with 3 1/3 innings of scoreless relief for Tampa Bay . Miguel Cabrera had three hits and drove in two runs for the Tigers . Miguel Cabrera had three hits and drove in two runs for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Austin Pruitt ( 1 - 0 ) got the win with 3 1/3 innings of scoreless relief . Jordan Zimmermann gave up five runs and 10 hits in six innings for the Tigers . He struck out four and walked one . Detroit starter Jordan Zimmermann gave up five runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . Detroit starter Jordan Zimmermann gave up five runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . Detroit starter Jordan Zimmermann gave up five runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . Detroit starter Jordan Zimmermann gave up five runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . Tigers starter Chris Archer gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out nine and walked two . Archer gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings .
HOUSTON -- Charlie Morton did n't need much help from his defense . Morton pitched five scoreless innings , Jose Altuve drove in two runs and the Houston Astros beat the Los Angeles Angels 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Morton ( 1 - 1 ) allowed five hits and two walks while striking out three in five - plus innings . Ken Giles pitched a perfect ninth for his third save . Jesse Chavez ( 1 - 2 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits with five strikeouts in seven innings for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Jesse Chavez ( 1 - 2 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in seven innings for the Angels . He struck out five and walked two . Chavez ( 1 - 2 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Angels had a chance to score in the second , loading the bases with one out , but Morton escaped the jam by striking out Ben Revere and getting C. J. Cron to ground into a double play . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when George Springer doubled with one out and scored on a single by Altuve . The Astros added a run in the third when Evan Gattis doubled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Altuve . Altuve hit an RBI double in the eighth off Yusmeiro Petit to make it 3 - 0 . Chavez allowed two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits with five strikeouts in seven innings .
LOS ANGELES -- Arizona Diamondbacks manager Kirk Gibson had no problem with the way he was pitching . Taijuan Walker pitched five solid innings , Chris Iannetta and Chris Iannetta homered and the Diamondbacks beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Walker ( 2 - 1 ) gave up one run and four hits in five innings , struck out seven and walked one . Walker ( 2 - 1 ) gave up one run and four hits in five innings , struck out seven and walked one . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his fourth save in five chances . The Dodgers have lost four of five . Walker ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and four hits in five innings , struck out seven and walked one . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his fourth save in five chances . The Dodgers have lost five of their last six games . The Dodgers have lost five of their last six games . Hill ( 1 - 1 ) was charged with two runs and five hits in three - plus innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on Jake Lamb 's bases - loaded walk and Paul Goldschmidt 's bases - loaded walk . Hill was charged with two runs and five hits in three - plus innings . He walked two and struck out two . Hill was charged with two runs and five hits in three - plus innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on Jake Lamb 's bases - loaded walk and Paul Goldschmidt 's RBI single .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Avisail Garcia had four hits , including a two - run homer in the 10th inning that gave the Chicago White Sox a 3 - 1 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Avisail Garcia had four hits , including a two - run homer in the 10th inning off Ryan Pressly ( 0 - 2 ) . Nate Jones ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win and David Robertson worked a perfect 10th for his third save . Nate Jones ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . David Robertson pitched a perfect 10th for his third save in as many chances . Minnesota starter James Shields gave up five hits and one run in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . David Robertson pitched a perfect 10th for his third save in as many chances . Brian Dozier hit a solo homer for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Hector Santiago allowed six hits and struck out six in seven innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Hector Santiago allowed six hits and struck out six in seven innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Santiago allowed six hits , struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the second - worst record in the American League . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the majors .
TORONTO -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting for Trey Mancini to hit a three - run homer in the eighth inning of a game for the first time this season . Mancini hit a pair of three - run homers , Dylan Bundy pitched six scoreless innings and the Orioles beat the Toronto Blue Jays 11 - 4 on Tuesday night . Mancini hit a three - run homer in the sixth inning and added a two - run drive in the eighth . He also had a sacrifice fly in the sixth and a two - run homer in the eighth . Baltimore 's Kevin Pillar hit a two - run homer off Vidal Nuno in the ninth , but the Blue Jays lost for the sixth time in seven games . Toronto has lost four of five . The Blue Jays lost for the sixth time in seven games . The Blue Jays lost for just the third time in 10 games . Happ ( 0 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked none and struck out three . Happ ( 0 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked none and struck out three . Happ ( 0 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked none and struck out three . Happ ( 0 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked none and struck out three . Happ ( 0 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked none and struck out three . Happ ( 0 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked none and struck out three .
LOS ANGELES -- Clayton Kershaw and the Los Angeles Dodgers are starting to look like a Cy Young Award winner . Kershaw allowed one run and four hits in 8 1/3 innings , Andrew Toles hit a two - run homer and the Dodgers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Kershaw ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and four hits in 8 1/3 innings , struck out eight and walked one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.17 ERA in his last four starts against the Diamondbacks . Greinke ( 1 - 1 ) was charged with five runs and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked three . Greinke ( 1 - 1 ) was charged with five runs and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked three . Greinke ( 1 - 1 ) gave up five runs and a season - high 10 hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on Justin Turner 's two - out RBI single and Justin Turner 's two - run double . Yasiel Puig 's sacrifice fly in the fifth gave the Dodgers a 5 - 0 lead . Greinke was charged with five runs and 10 hits in five innings . The right - hander struck out four and walked three . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on Justin Turner 's two - out RBI single and a two - run double by Justin Turner . The Dodgers increased the margin to 4 - 0 in the fourth on Justin Turner 's two - out RBI single .
PITTSBURGH -- Starling Marte has been a big part of the Pittsburgh Pirates ' recent success . Marte had four hits , including a two - run homer in the 10th inning , and the Pirates rallied for a 6 - 5 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . Marte hit a two - run homer in the 10th inning off Jose Ramirez ( 0 - 1 ) to give the Pirates a 4 - 2 lead . It was Freeman 's first career four - hit game , and he also hit a two - run homer in the 10th inning to give the Pirates a 4 - 2 lead . Freeman had four hits , including a solo homer off Antonio Bastardo in the seventh , and Freddie Freeman went 4 for 5 with two homers , including a solo shot off Antonio Bastardo in the seventh . Atlanta starter Gerrit Cole allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . Freddie Freeman went 4 - for - 5 with two homers , including a solo shot off Antonio Bastardo in the seventh that gave Atlanta a 4 - 2 lead . Atlanta starter Gerrit Cole gave up three runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Nick Markakis and a run - scoring single by Tyler Flowers . The Pirates tied it in the fourth when Marte singled , stole second and scored on Jordy Mercer 's single . The Pirates tied it in the fourth on a two - out RBI double by Jordy Mercer and a run - scoring single by Jordy Mercer . The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the fourth on a two - out RBI double by Bell and a run - scoring single by Bell .
MILWAUKEE -- Albert Almora Jr. had three hits , including a go - ahead two - run double in the eighth inning , and the Chicago Cubs routed the Milwaukee Brewers 11 - 6 on Tuesday night . Kyle Hendricks ( 1 - 0 ) allowed four runs and five hits in six innings for the Cubs , who have won six of their last seven games . Hendricks ( 1 - 0 ) allowed four runs and five hits in six innings , striking out six and walking one . He also had two hits , including a two - run double in the third . Hendricks ( 1 - 0 ) allowed four runs and five hits in six innings , striking out six and walking one . He also had two hits , including a two - run double in the third . Jett Bandy hit a two - run homer in the fourth for Milwaukee , which has lost four of five . Jett Bandy hit a two - run homer in the fourth for Milwaukee , which has lost four of five . Jett Bandy hit a two - run homer in the fourth for Milwaukee , which has lost four of five . Jett Bandy hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Milwaukee starter Tommy Milone allowed four runs and nine hits in four innings . He struck out two and walked one . Brewers starter Tommy Milone gave up four runs and nine hits in four - plus innings . He struck out two and walked one . Brewers starter Tommy Milone allowed four runs and nine hits in four innings . He struck out two and walked one .
DETROIT -- Jordan Zimmermann did n't have his best stuff . The Detroit right - hander allowed one run and four hits in six innings , striking out three and walking one , and the Tigers beat the Boston Red Sox 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Zimmermann ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings , striking out three and walking one . Justin Wilson pitched a perfect ninth for his first career save . Eduardo Rodriguez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed four runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked three . Rodriguez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked three . Rodriguez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed four runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked three . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Jackie Bradley Jr. 's sacrifice fly . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Jackie Bradley Jr. 's sacrifice fly . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Jackie Bradley Jr. 's sacrifice fly . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Jackie Bradley Jr. 's sacrifice fly . Boston tied it in the third . Ian Kinsler hit an RBI double and scored on Ian Kinsler 's two - out single to make it 4 - 1 . McCann 's solo homer in the third tied it at 1 . McCann 's solo homer in the bottom of the third tied it at 1 . McCann 's solo homer in the bottom of the third tied it at 1 .
PITTSBURGH -- Ivan Nova was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Nova pitched six strong innings and Starling Marte hit a two - run single to lead the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 5 - 4 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . Nova ( 1 - 0 ) gave up six hits , struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.99 ERA in his last four starts . Tony Watson pitched a perfect ninth for his first save . Nova ( 1 - 0 ) allowed six hits , struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Tony Watson pitched a perfect ninth for his first save . Mike Foltynewicz ( 0 - 1 ) was charged with two runs and six hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out one . The Braves scored three runs in the eighth off relievers Wade LeBlanc and Daniel Hudson . Tony Watson pitched a perfect ninth for his first save . Mike Foltynewicz ( 0 - 1 ) was charged with two runs and six hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out one . The Braves scored three runs in the eighth off relievers Wade LeBlanc and Daniel Hudson . Wade LeBlanc gave up a two - run single to Ender Inciarte and a two - run single to Ender Inciarte . Tony Watson pitched a perfect ninth for his first save . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games against the Braves , who have the worst record in the majors . The Braves have lost six of their last seven games .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins are making their first trip to the disabled list this season . Eduardo Escobar hit a three - run homer , Eduardo Escobar hit a three - run homer and the Twins beat the Kansas City Royals 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Hector Santiago ( 1 - 0 ) gave up one run and four hits in five innings for the Twins , who have won four of five . Kennedy ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and three hits in five innings . He struck out five , walked five and hit a batter with a pitch . Kennedy ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and three hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out five . Kennedy ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and three hits in five innings . He struck out five , walked five and hit a batter . Kennedy ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and three hits in five innings . He struck out five , walked five and hit a batter with a pitch . The Royals took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Miguel Sano and a fielder 's choice by Escobar . The Royals got a run back in the fourth on Paulo Orlando 's two - out RBI single , but the Twins did n't get another hit until the seventh , when Paulo Orlando hit a two - out RBI single to make it 3 - 1 . Castro walked in the second and scored on a single by Eddie Rosario , and Escobar added a three - run homer to make it 9 - 1 .
MIAMI -- Marcell Ozuna hit two home runs , Dan Straily struck out 10 in 6 2/3 innings and the Miami Marlins beat the Philadelphia Phillies 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Bour hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a two - run shot in the sixth to help the Marlins win for the sixth time in seven games . Bour hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Aaron Nola ( 2 - 3 ) and added a two - run shot in the sixth . Bour hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Aaron Nola ( 2 - 3 ) and added a two - run shot in the sixth . Bour hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Aaron Nola ( 2 - 3 ) and added a two - run shot in the sixth . Bour hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Aaron Nola ( 2 - 3 ) and added a two - run shot in the sixth . Bour hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Aaron Nola ( 2 - 3 ) and added a two - run shot in the sixth . Bour hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the sixth off reliever Ricardo Pinto . Bour hit a two - run homer in the sixth to make it 10 - 1 . Bour hit a two - run homer in the first off Aaron Nola ( 2 - 3 ) and added a run - scoring single in the fourth . Bour hit a two - run homer in the sixth off reliever Ricardo Pinto .
ST. LOUIS -- Logan Forsythe and the Los Angeles Dodgers are starting to look like a team . Bellinger hit his first home run of the season , Rich Hill pitched five solid innings and the Dodgers beat the St. Louis Cardinals 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Forsythe hit a solo homer in the third inning off Mike Leake ( 5 - 3 ) , who gave up four runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . Hill ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one run and two hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . Hill ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one run and two hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . Pedro Baez and Brandon Morrow each pitched a scoreless inning to complete the five - hitter . Mike Leake ( 5 - 3 ) gave up four runs and six hits in seven innings for St. Louis . He struck out six and walked one . The Cardinals have lost five of their last six games . Leake ( 5 - 3 ) gave up four runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Cardinals have lost five of their last six games . Leake ( 5 - 3 ) gave up four runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Cardinals scored in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Jedd Gyorko and a sacrifice fly by Jedd Gyorko . Jedd Gyorko 's sacrifice fly in the fourth cut the Cardinals ' lead to 3 - 1 . Jedd Gyorko 's sacrifice fly in the fourth made it 3 - 1 .
WASHINGTON -- Stephen Strasburg has been the Washington Nationals ' ace . Strasburg struck out a career - high 15 in seven innings , Michael Taylor hit a two - run homer and the Nationals beat the San Diego Padres 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Strasburg ( 6 - 1 ) allowed three hits , walked one and threw 76 of 108 pitches for strikes . Koda Glover pitched the ninth for his fifth save in five chances . Clayton Richard ( 3 - 6 ) gave up three runs and 10 hits in six innings for the Padres . He struck out five and walked one . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost four of five . Richard allowed three runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Nationals have lost four of five . Richard allowed three runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Richard allowed three runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Richard allowed three runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Richard allowed three runs and 10 hits in six innings .
PITTSBURGH -- Andrew McCutchen was n't going to let the Pittsburgh Pirates get a win . McCutchen hit a two - run homer with two outs in the bottom of the 10th inning , lifting the Pirates to a 5 - 4 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . McCutchen hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the second inning to give the Pirates a 2 - 0 lead . McCutchen 's two - run homer in the second gave the Pirates a 2 - 0 lead , but McCutchen 's two - run homer in the bottom of the second tied it 2 - 2 . McCutchen 's two - run homer in the second tied it 2 - 2 . McCutchen 's two - run homer in the second tied the game 2 - 2 . McCutchen 's two - run homer in the second tied the game 2 - 2 . McCutchen 's two - run homer in the second tied the game 2 - 2 . McCutchen 's two - run homer in the second tied the game at 2 . McCutchen 's two - run homer in the second tied it 2 - 2 . The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the second on a two - run homer by McCutchen , a two - run shot by McCutchen and a two - run shot by McCutchen in the second . McCutchen 's two - run homer in the second tied the game 2 - 2 . The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the second on a two - run homer by McCutchen . The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the second on a two - run homer by McCutchen . The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the second on a two - run homer by McCutchen . The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the second on a two - run homer by McCutchen , his third of the season .
LOS ANGELES -- Brandon McCarthy pitched two - hit ball over six innings , Chris Taylor hit a two - run homer and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Chicago Cubs 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . McCarthy ( 5 - 1 ) struck out six and walked one in his second start since coming off the disabled list . Ross Stripling pitched three scoreless innings for his first career save . John Lackey ( 4 - 5 ) gave up five runs -- five earned -- and six hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out five . Chase Utley drove in three runs and Chris Taylor hit a two - run homer for the Dodgers . Chase Utley drove in three runs and Chris Taylor hit a two - run homer for the Dodgers . Chase Utley drove in three runs and Chris Taylor hit a two - run homer for the Dodgers . Chase Utley drove in three runs and Chris Taylor hit a two - run homer in the fifth for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Ross Stripling pitched three scoreless innings for his first career save . Chase Utley drove in three runs and Chris Taylor hit a two - run homer in the fifth for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Ross Stripling pitched three scoreless innings for his first career save . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . They have won six of their last seven games . Ross Stripling pitched three scoreless innings for his first major league save . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games .
NEW YORK -- Sean Manaea did n't need much run support for the Oakland Athletics . Khris Davis hit a go - ahead single in the eighth inning , Stephen Vogt added a two - run homer and the A 's beat the New York Yankees 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Manaea ( 3 - 3 ) struck out eight and walked one in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Manaea ( 3 - 3 ) struck out eight and walked one . The right - hander has given up two runs or fewer in five of his six starts this season . Manaea ( 3 - 3 ) struck out eight and walked one in his second start since coming off the disabled list . Ryan Madson struck out two in a perfect eighth , and Ryan Madson struck out two in a perfect eighth . Tanaka ( 5 - 4 ) struck out a career - high 13 in 7 1/3 innings , giving up five hits and striking out a season - high 13 . He was lifted for a pinch - hitter after 111 pitches . Tanaka ( 5 - 4 ) struck out a career - high 13 in 7 1/3 innings , giving up five hits and striking out a season - high 13 . He was lifted for a pinch - hitter after 111 pitches . Tanaka ( 5 - 4 ) struck out a career - high 13 in 7 1/3 innings , giving up five hits and striking out a season - high 13 . He was lifted for a pinch - hitter after 111 pitches . Tanaka struck out a season - high 13 and walked none in 7 1/3 innings . He was lifted for a pinch - hitter after throwing 111 pitches . Tanaka struck out a career - high 13 in 7 1/3 innings . He allowed five hits , walked none and struck out a season - high 13 .
PHILADELPHIA -- Tyler Chatwood did n't allow a hit until Andrew Knapp 's one - out single in the seventh inning , and the Colorado Rockies beat the Philadelphia Phillies 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Chatwood ( 4 - 6 ) allowed one hit , struck out eight and walked four in seven innings of one - hit ball . He struck out eight and walked four . Jeremy Hellickson ( 5 - 2 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in five innings for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Hellickson ( 5 - 2 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out two . Hellickson ( 5 - 2 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out two . Phillies starter Jeremy Hellickson ( 5 - 2 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out two . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run single by Charlie Blackmon and a sacrifice fly by Gerardo Parra . The Rockies had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Chatwood struck out Aaron Altherr and Tommy Joseph to end the threat . The Phillies had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Chatwood struck out Aaron Altherr and Tommy Joseph to end the threat . The Phillies had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Chatwood struck out Aaron Altherr and Tommy Joseph to end the threat . The Rockies had runners on first and third with one out in the seventh , but Chatwood struck out Aaron Altherr to end the threat .
NEW YORK -- Luis Torrens and the San Diego Padres finally found a way to beat the New York Mets . Yangervis Solarte hit a go - ahead , two - run double in the seventh inning and the Padres held on for a 6 - 5 victory Tuesday night . Yangervis Solarte drove in three runs and Hunter Renfroe homered for the Padres , who have won four of five . Ryan Buchter ( 3 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth and Brad Hand got three outs for his first save . Wilmer Flores had two hits and three RBI for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Wilmer Flores had two hits and three RBI for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Wilmer Flores had two hits and three RBI for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Wilmer Flores had two hits and three RBI for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Wilmer Flores had two hits and three RBI for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Wilmer Flores had two hits and three RBI for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Wilmer Flores had two hits and three RBI for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Wilmer Flores had two hits and three RBI for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Wilmer Flores had two hits and three RBI for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Wilmer Flores had two hits and three RBI for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Wilmer Flores had two hits and three RBI for the Mets , who have lost four of five .
CHICAGO -- Anthony Rizzo has been a big part of the Chicago Cubs ' late - season surge . Rizzo homered twice and drove in two runs , Kyle Hendricks pitched seven strong innings and the Cubs beat the San Francisco Giants 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Rizzo hit a solo homer in the second and a solo shot in the fourth to give the Cubs a 3 - 2 lead . It was Rizzo 's second multi - homer game of the season and first since July 8 , 2011 , at San Francisco . Rizzo also hit a solo homer in the second and a two - run shot in the ninth off Wade Davis . Denard Span also homered for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Kyle Hendricks ( 4 - 2 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Wade Davis gave up a two - run homer to Mac Williamson in the ninth , but struck out Denard Span to end it for his 10th save in 11 chances . Matt Moore ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and seven hits in six innings for the Giants . He struck out four and walked three . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI fielder 's choice by Christian Arroyo , but the Giants tied it in the bottom half on Javier Baez 's sacrifice fly . The Giants tied it in the bottom half on Javier Baez 's sacrifice fly . The Giants tied it in the bottom half on Javier Baez 's sacrifice fly .
BALTIMORE -- Ervin Santana did n't allow a hit until Jonathan Schoop singled with one out in the sixth inning , and the Minnesota Twins beat the Baltimore Orioles 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Santana ( 7 - 2 ) struck out six and walked two in his second shutout of the season . He threw 69 of his 105 pitches for strikes . Santana ( 7 - 2 ) struck out six and walked two , throwing 69 of his 105 pitches for strikes . The right - hander struck out six and walked two , lowering his ERA to 1.80 . Minnesota 's Dylan Bundy ( 5 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out seven , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . Bundy ( 5 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out seven , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth . Jorge Polanco drew a one - out walk , Jorge Polanco walked and Jorge Polanco walked before Bundy hit Joe Mauer with a pitch to load the bases . Dozier followed with a drive to left - center for a 2 - 0 lead . In the bottom half , Dozier hit a 1 - 1 pitch into the left - field seats . It was his third homer of the season and second in two games . Bundy allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out seven , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . The Orioles went up 1 - 0 in the fifth when Jorge Polanco drew a two - out walk and scored on a single by Buxton .
WASHINGTON -- Anthony Rendon has been one of the few bright spots for the Washington Nationals . Rendon homered twice and drove in five runs , Joe Ross pitched eight innings of five - hit ball and the Nationals beat the Seattle Mariners 10 - 1 on Tuesday night . Rendon hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a three - run shot in the fourth . He also had a two - run homer in the second inning and a three - run shot in the fourth . It was the second multihomer game of Rendon 's career . He also hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning of Tuesday night 's 4 - 3 win over the Mariners . Rendon hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a three - run shot in the fourth off Christian Bergman ( 1 - 2 ) to give the Nationals a 10 - 0 lead . Rendon hit a two - run homer in the second and a three - run shot in the fourth off Christian Bergman ( 1 - 2 ) to give the Nationals a 10 - 0 lead . Rendon hit a solo homer in the sixth and a three - run shot in the fourth off Christian Bergman ( 1 - 2 ) , who gave up 10 hits and 10 runs in four - plus innings . Bergman ( 1 - 2 ) gave up 10 hits and 10 runs -- four earned -- in four - plus innings . Mike Zunino homered for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Bergman ( 1 - 2 ) gave up 10 hits and 10 runs in four - plus innings .
CHICAGO -- Jon Lester has been a big part of the Chicago Cubs ' rotation . Lester pitched a four - hitter , Anthony Rizzo hit a two - run homer and the Cubs beat Johnny Cueto and the San Francisco Giants 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Lester ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and four hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out 10 and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The right - hander struck out 10 and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Lester ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and four hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out 10 and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . He struck out 10 and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Lester ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and four hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out 10 and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Giants have won three straight and five of six . Cueto ( 4 - 4 ) allowed four runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . Cueto ( 4 - 4 ) allowed four runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . Cueto ( 4 - 4 ) allowed four runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked one .
DETROIT -- Texas Rangers manager Ron Washington was n't surprised to see Yu Darvish pitch out of trouble in the first inning . Darvish allowed two runs and five hits in five innings , and the Rangers beat the Detroit Tigers 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Darvish ( 5 - 2 ) allowed two runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Keone Kela pitched a perfect ninth for his first career save . Texas starter Matthew Boyd ( 2 - 4 ) allowed four runs and a career - high 12 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Ian Kinsler and Ian Kinsler homered for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Texas starter Matthew Boyd ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs and 12 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Ian Kinsler led off the bottom of the first with a home run for the Tigers , but the Tigers tied it in the bottom of the inning on Miguel Cabrera 's RBI single . The Rangers tied it in the bottom of the inning on a two - out RBI single by Miguel Cabrera . The Rangers tied it in the bottom of the inning on a two - out RBI single by Cabrera . The Rangers tied it in the bottom of the inning on a two - out RBI single by Cabrera . The Rangers tied it in the bottom of the inning on a two - out RBI single by Cabrera . The Rangers tied it in the bottom of the inning on a two - out RBI single by Cabrera . The Rangers tied it in the bottom of the inning on a two - out RBI single by Cabrera .
SAN DIEGO -- Robbie Ray and the Arizona Diamondbacks are starting to feel good at Petco Park . Ray pitched two - hit ball into the eighth inning , David Peralta had a career - high four hits and the Diamondbacks beat the San Diego Padres 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Ray ( 3 - 3 ) struck out six and walked three . He allowed two hits and three walks while striking out six in 7 2/3 innings . Ray struck out six , walked three and threw 64 of 110 pitches for strikes . Ray struck out six , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . Ray struck out six , walked three and threw 64 of 110 pitches for strikes . Ray struck out six , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . Ray struck out six , walked three and threw 64 of 110 pitches for strikes . Ray struck out six , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . Ray struck out six , walked three and threw 64 of 110 pitches for strikes . Ray struck out six , walked three and threw 64 of 110 pitches for strikes . Ray struck out six , walked three and threw 64 of 110 pitches for strikes . Ray struck out six , walked three and threw 64 of 110 pitches for strikes . Ray struck out six , walked three and hit a batter in 7 2/3 innings . The Diamondbacks have lost four of five . Perdomo ( 0 - 1 ) gave up eight runs and 11 hits in three - plus innings . He was recalled from Triple-A Tucson before the game . Perdomo ( 0 - 1 ) gave up eight runs and 11 hits in three - plus innings . He was recalled from Triple-A Tucson before the game . Perdomo ( 0 - 1 ) gave up eight runs and 11 hits in three - plus innings . He was recalled from Triple-A Tucson before the game .
BALTIMORE -- Baltimore Orioles manager Buck Showalter was happy to see Mark Trumbo get his first big league hit . Castillo hit a three - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Orioles beat the Toronto Blue Jays 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning and a three - run drive in the seventh off Danny Barnes ( 0 - 2 ) , who allowed four hits and five walks in 5 1/3 innings . Mychal Givens ( 5 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up a three - run homer to Jose Bautista in the seventh . Brad Brach pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save . Bautista hit a three - run homer off Mychal Givens ( 5 - 0 ) in the top of the seventh to give the Blue Jays a 5 - 4 lead . It was his first home run since May 8 . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning when Kevin Pillar doubled and scored on a double - play grounder . The Blue Jays pulled to 4 - 2 in the sixth . Pillar led off with a double and scored on a double - play grounder by Bautista . Bautista hit a three - run drive in the bottom half to give the Blue Jays a 4 - 1 lead . It was his first home run since May 8 . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with no outs in the fifth but failed to score . Baltimore loaded the bases with two outs before Trumbo hit into a double play . Baltimore tied it in the bottom half . Pillar led off with a double and scored on a double by Bautista .
CHICAGO -- Chicago Cubs manager Joe Maddon has n't seen anything like the Chicago Cubs . Anthony Rizzo hit a two - run single in the second inning , Kyle Hendricks pitched six solid innings and the Cubs beat the Cincinnati Reds 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Kyle Hendricks ( 3 - 2 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings , and Wade Davis pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . Zack Cozart had three hits , including a solo homer , and Eugenio Suarez had a two - run double for the Reds . Kyle Hendricks ( 3 - 2 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings for the Cubs , who have won four of five . Scott Feldman ( 2 - 4 ) allowed seven runs and five hits in 2 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . Reds starter Scott Feldman ( 2 - 4 ) allowed seven runs -- five earned -- and five hits in 2 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . The Reds scored three times in the second to take a 5 - 1 lead . Addison Russell had an RBI fielder 's choice grounder and Rizzo followed with a two - run single to make it 5 - 1 . Hendricks ( 2 - 4 ) gave up seven runs -- five earned -- and five hits in 2 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Eugenio Suarez . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Eugenio Suarez . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Eugenio Suarez . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Adam Duvall .
ST. LOUIS -- Eduardo Rodriguez did n't have his best stuff . The right - hander pitched six solid innings , Jackie Bradley Jr. hit a leadoff homer and the Boston Red Sox beat the St. Louis Cardinals 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Rodriguez ( 2 - 1 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth for his 12th save in 14 chances . Lance Lynn ( 4 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and three hits in six innings for the Cardinals . He struck out four and walked one . Lynn ( 4 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and three hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . Lynn ( 4 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and three hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Red Sox scored three runs in the third to take a 3 - 2 lead . Dexter Fowler 's RBI double and Matt Carpenter 's sacrifice fly gave the Cardinals a 3 - 2 lead . Lynn ( 4 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and three hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . Betts hit a solo homer in the first , his first of the season , and Bradley 's solo shot in the second . Lynn ( 4 - 2 ) allowed four runs -- two earned -- and three hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one .
TORONTO -- Joe Biagini is making a spot start for the Toronto Blue Jays . Biagini ( 1 - 1 ) allowed four hits in five scoreless innings to win his major league debut , Jose Bautista hit a two - run homer and the Blue Jays beat the Seattle Mariners 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Biagini ( 1 - 1 ) allowed four hits in five scoreless innings . He walked none and struck out three . Biagini ( 1 - 1 ) allowed four hits , walked none and struck out three . Biagini ( 1 - 1 ) allowed four hits , struck out three and did n't allow a runner past first base . He walked none and struck out three . Roberto Osuna worked the eighth and Roberto Osuna finished for Toronto . Christian Bergman ( 0 - 1 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five - plus innings . He walked one and struck out one . Bergman ( 0 - 1 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out one . Bergman ( 0 - 1 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five - plus innings . He walked one and struck out one . Bergman ( 0 - 1 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five - plus innings . He walked one and struck out one . Bergman ( 0 - 1 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out one . Bergman ( 0 - 1 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out one . Bergman ( 0 - 1 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings .
MIAMI -- Tyler Flowers and the rest of the Atlanta Braves ' offense did n't help . Flowers hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs , Mike Foltynewicz pitched six strong innings and the Braves beat the Miami Marlins 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Flowers hit a two - run homer in the second inning off Jose Urena ( 1 - 1 ) , who allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . Justin Bour homered and had three hits for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Jose Urena ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Miami went 0 for 7 with runners in scoring position . The Marlins ' Derek Dietrich homered in the fourth , his first of the season , and added a two - run homer in the seventh . The Marlins scored twice in the seventh to make it 6 - 1 . Nick Markakis led off with a single , stole second and scored on a two - out single by Brandon Phillips to make it 4 - 1 . The Marlins added two more runs in the seventh on a two - run single by Brandon Phillips and a two - run single by Flowers . Miami 's Derek Dietrich homered in the bottom of the ninth off Ian Krol , who blew a save for the first time this season . Miami 's Derek Dietrich homered in the bottom of the fourth to cut the deficit to 2 - 1 , but the Braves scored twice in the seventh on a two - run single by Flowers and a two - run single by Flowers .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Joey Votto has been a big part of the Cincinnati Reds ' late - season surge . Votto hit a go - ahead double in the eighth inning and the Reds beat the San Francisco Giants 3 - 2 on Tuesday night to snap a four - game losing streak . Votto is hitting .356 since the All-Star break , the longest active streak in the majors . The Reds have won four of five . Wandy Peralta ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Raisel Iglesias pitched the ninth for his seventh save in eight chances . Denard Span homered and had four hits for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Wandy Peralta ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Raisel Iglesias pitched the ninth for his seventh save in eight chances . Brandon Belt hit his first home run of the season for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Ty Blach allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings for the Giants . He struck out two and walked one . The Giants took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on Brandon Belt 's solo home run , his first of the season . The Giants tied it in the fourth on Zack Cozart 's RBI groundout . Blach allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out two . Blach allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out two . Blach allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out two . Blach allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings .
HOUSTON -- Joe Musgrove pitched six innings of four - hit ball , and the Houston Astros beat the Atlanta Braves 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Musgrove ( 2 - 3 ) allowed four hits and two runs with four strikeouts in six innings for his first win in four starts . Ken Giles pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save . Jaime Garcia ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Jaime Garcia ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings for the Braves , who have lost four of five . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out RBI double by Yuli Gurriel . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out RBI double by Yuli Gurriel . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Jose Altuve walked and scored on a two - out double by Yuli Gurriel . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Jose Altuve walked and scored on a two - out double by Correa . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out RBI double by Yuli Gurriel . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Jose Altuve walked with two outs and scored on a double by Correa to make it 1 - 0 . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Jose Altuve walked with two outs and scored on a double by Correa .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Yunel Escobar 's first home run of the season gave the Los Angeles Angels a big boost . Escobar hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs , Alex Meyer pitched effectively into the sixth inning and the Angels beat the Oakland Athletics 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Albert Pujols and Ben Revere also homered for the Angels , who have won four of five . Alex Meyer ( 1 - 1 ) allowed three runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked five . Bud Norris pitched the ninth for his sixth save . Yonder Alonso hit two home runs for the A 's , including a two - run shot in the first . Yonder Alonso hit two home runs for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Alex Meyer ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked five . Bud Norris pitched the ninth for his sixth save . Yonder Alonso hit two home runs for the A 's , who have lost three of four . Cotton ( 3 - 4 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The A 's have lost five of their last six games and are 2 - 5 since the All-Star break . Cotton allowed seven runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Cotton allowed seven runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Cotton allowed seven runs and eight hits in five innings .
DENVER -- Tyler Chatwood did n't allow a hit until the fifth inning . He did n't allow a hit until the fifth inning . Chatwood pitched seven innings of two - hit ball , Mark Reynolds homered and the Colorado Rockies beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Chatwood ( 3 - 4 ) allowed one run and two hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked three . Greg Holland worked a perfect ninth for his 13th save in as many chances . Taijuan Walker ( 3 - 2 ) allowed three runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out one and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Valaika 's first homer of the season , a drive to left - center . The Rockies added two more runs in the sixth on a double by Trevor Story and a two - run homer by Pat Valaika . Chatwood ( 3 - 4 ) allowed one run and two hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked three . Greg Holland worked a perfect ninth for his 13th save in as many chances . Walker ( 3 - 2 ) gave up three runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out one and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Valaika hit a 1 - 2 pitch from Walker into the left - field bleachers for his third homer of the season . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Valaika hit a 1 - 2 pitch from Walker into the left - field bleachers for his third homer of the season .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Francisco Lindor hit a tiebreaking homer in the ninth inning , and the Cleveland Indians beat the Kansas City Royals 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Lindor hit a solo homer off Kelvin Herrera ( 1 - 1 ) with two outs in the ninth to give the Indians a 2 - 1 lead . Andrew Miller ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Cody Allen pitched the ninth for his eighth save in eight chances . Carlos Santana and Carlos Santana hit solo home runs for the Indians , who have won four of five . Cody Allen pitched the ninth for his eighth save in eight chances . Royals starter Josh Tomlin allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter . Andrew Miller ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Cody Allen pitched the ninth for his eighth save in eight chances . Royals starter Josh Tomlin allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter . Tomlin allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter . Tomlin allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter . Tomlin allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter . Tomlin allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter . Tomlin allowed one run and three hits in seven innings .
CHICAGO -- Aaron Hicks and the New York Yankees are starting to feel comfortable at Wrigley Field . Hicks went 4 - for - 5 with a homer and three RBIs , Jordan Montgomery pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the New York Yankees beat the Chicago Cubs 11 - 6 on Tuesday night . Starlin Castro had four hits , including a two - run homer , and Jordan Montgomery ( 2 - 1 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in 6 2 - 3 innings for the Yankees . He struck out three and walked four . Montgomery ( 2 - 1 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in 6 2 - 3 innings . He struck out three and walked four in his second start of the season . Montgomery ( 2 - 1 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in 6 2 - 3 innings . He struck out three and walked four . Tommy Layne , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard , Tyler Clippard and Adam Warren .
CINCINNATI -- Joey Votto has been a big part of the Cincinnati Reds ' major league debuts this season . Votto had a pair of RBI doubles , Joey Votto had two hits and two RBI and the Reds beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Joey Votto and Adam Duvall each drove in two runs , and Tim Adleman ( 1 - 1 ) pitched six innings for his first major league win . Adleman ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs and six hits with five strikeouts and a walk . Raisel Iglesias pitched the ninth for his fifth save in seven chances . Ivan Nova ( 3 - 3 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in six innings for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Nova ( 3 - 3 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games . The Pirates have lost seven of their last nine games . The Pirates have lost seven of their last nine games . The Pirates have lost seven of their last nine games . The Pirates have lost seven of their last nine games . The Pirates have lost seven of their last nine games . The Pirates have lost seven of their last nine games . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games . Pittsburgh has lost five of its last six games . Nova ( 3 - 3 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in six innings .
SEATTLE -- Jean Segura 's first home run of the season came on a 2 - 1 pitch from Angels starter Ricky Nolasco in the fifth inning , and the Seattle Mariners rallied for an 8 - 7 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Segura hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning and a two - run double in the eighth off Blake Parker ( 0 - 2 ) . Jean Machi ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Edwin Diaz got the final three outs for his fifth save in six chances , despite giving up a two - run homer to Mike Trout . Jean Machi ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Edwin Diaz got the final three outs for his fifth save in six chances , despite giving up a two - run homer to Mike Trout in the ninth . Jean Machi ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth for his first major league win . Edwin Diaz pitched the ninth for his fifth save in six chances , despite giving up a two - run double to Yunel Escobar . Jean Machi ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Edwin Diaz got the final three outs for his fifth save in six chances . Seattle starter Hisashi Iwakuma allowed three runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Mariners scored three times in the sixth to take a 6 - 4 lead . Kole Calhoun hit a two - run homer and Andrelton Simmons drove in a run with a sacrifice fly . Trout hit a two - run homer in the sixth to cut it to 4 - 2 , and Yunel Escobar followed with a two - run double .
NEW YORK -- Aaron Judge hit two home runs , and the New York Yankees took advantage of the Toronto Blue Jays ' biggest offensive outburst of the season . Brett Gardner homered twice and drove in four runs , Masahiro Tanaka pitched into the seventh inning and the Yankees beat the Blue Jays 11 - 5 on Tuesday night . Aaron Hicks also homered and Matt Holliday had three hits and an RBI for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Masahiro Tanaka ( 4 - 1 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in 6 1 - 3 innings for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Tanaka ( 4 - 1 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Steve Pearce had four hits for the Blue Jays , including a solo homer in the seventh . Masahiro Tanaka ( 4 - 1 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Steve Pearce had four hits for the Blue Jays , including a solo homer in the seventh that made it 8 - 3 . Tanaka ( 4 - 1 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Blue Jays jumped on Latos for five runs in the second , including a two - run homer by Aaron Hicks and a two - run shot by Aaron Hicks .
LOS ANGELES -- Johnny Cueto gave the San Francisco Giants exactly what they needed . Cueto pitched seven innings of six - hit ball and Hunter Pence hit a two - run homer , leading the Giants to a 4 - 3 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Friday night . Buster Posey and Buster Posey also homered for the Giants , who have won four of five . Cueto ( 4 - 1 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings , struck out six and walked one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.99 ERA in his last four starts . Kershaw ( 4 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in six innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Kershaw ( 4 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in six innings , struck out five and walked none . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.62 ERA in his last four starts . Kershaw ( 4 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in six innings , struck out five and walked none . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.62 ERA in his last four starts . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Pence , a two - run shot by Buster Posey . The Giants tied it in the bottom half on pinch - hitter Chris Taylor 's RBI single . The Giants tied it in the bottom of the first on pinch - hitter Chris Taylor 's RBI single . The Giants tied it in the bottom of the first on pinch - hitter Chris Taylor 's RBI single . The Giants tied it in the bottom of the first on pinch - hitter Chris Taylor 's RBI single .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals are making their first trip to the disabled list this season . Jorge Bonifacio hit a two - run homer , Jorge Bonifacio hit a two - run shot and the Royals beat the Chicago White Sox 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Bonifacio 's two - run homer in the fourth inning gave the Royals a 2 - 1 lead , and Eric Hosmer added a two - run homer in the seventh . Dylan Covey ( 0 - 2 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Dylan Covey ( 0 - 2 ) allowed six runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Dylan Covey ( 0 - 2 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Covey ( 0 - 2 ) was charged with six runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . Covey ( 0 - 2 ) was charged with six runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . Covey allowed six runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Royals loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but Vargas got Melky Cabrera to ground into a double play . The Royals loaded the bases with one out in the fifth , but Vargas got Melky Cabrera to ground into a double play .
DETROIT -- The Kansas City Royals have n't been able to do much better against the Detroit Tigers this season . Salvador Perez homered and drove in three runs , Ian Kennedy pitched seven solid innings and the Royals beat the Tigers 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Kennedy ( 2 - 6 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Kennedy ( 2 - 6 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Daniel Norris ( 4 - 6 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings for Detroit , which has lost four of five . The Tigers have lost five of six . Detroit 's Daniel Norris ( 4 - 6 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Jorge Soler 's RBI single , and Gordon 's two - run homer in the fourth made it 3 - 0 . Jorge Soler 's RBI double made it 5 - 0 in the fourth , and Gordon 's RBI double made it 5 - 0 in the fourth . The Royals added a run in the eighth on an RBI double by Jorge Soler and a run - scoring single by Jorge Soler . Kansas City added a run in the ninth on Jorge Soler 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by Jorge Soler . The Royals added a run in the ninth on Jorge Soler 's RBI double , and Jorge Soler 's RBI single . Jorge Soler had an RBI groundout in the eighth .
ATLANTA -- R. A. Dickey 's knuckleball was n't as sharp as he did in his first two starts of the season . The right - hander allowed one run and five hits in seven innings , Brandon Phillips hit a two - run homer and the Atlanta Braves beat the Milwaukee Brewers 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 6 - 5 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . Jim Johnson worked the ninth for his 15th save in 19 chances . Matt Garza ( 3 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings for the Brewers , who have lost three of four . Garza ( 3 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Keon Broxton doubled and scored on Hernan Perez 's fielder 's choice . The Brewers tied it in the bottom of the first on Tyler Flowers ' two - out RBI single . The Brewers tied it in the bottom of the first on Tyler Flowers ' two - out RBI single . The Brewers tied it in the bottom of the first on Tyler Flowers ' two - out RBI single . The Brewers tied it in the bottom of the first on Tyler Flowers ' two - out RBI single . The Brewers tied it in the bottom of the first on Tyler Flowers ' two - out RBI single . The Brewers tied it in the bottom of the first on Tyler Flowers ' RBI single .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Houston Astros manager A. J. Hinch was n't happy with his team 's offense . Carlos Correa hit a solo home run in the ninth inning and the Astros beat the Oakland Athletics 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Mike Fiers ( 5 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in six - plus innings . He struck out five and walked three . Carlos Correa homered and Evan Gattis drove in two runs for the Astros , who have won four of five . Sean Manaea ( 6 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Sean Manaea ( 6 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings for the A 's . He struck out eight and walked two . Manaea ( 6 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The A 's have lost five of their last six games . Manaea ( 6 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The A 's have lost five of their last six games . Manaea ( 6 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The A 's took a 3 - 0 lead in the sixth on a two - run single by Evan Gattis and a sacrifice fly by Marisnick . Manaea allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Manaea has lost three of his last four starts .
ATLANTA -- Matt Kemp 's first home run of the season came on a 1 - 0 pitch from Cory Gearrin with one out in the 11th inning that gave the Atlanta Braves a 5 - 3 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night . Matt Adams hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning , and Matt Kemp added a two - run shot in the bottom of the inning to give the Braves a 2 - 1 lead . Luke Jackson ( 2 - 0 ) got two outs in the 11th to earn the win . Jim Johnson gave up Hunter Pence 's tying homer in the ninth , but the Giants tied it in the ninth on Hunter Pence 's solo homer off Jim Johnson . Luke Jackson ( 2 - 0 ) got two outs in the 11th to earn the win . Jim Johnson gave up Hunter Pence 's tying homer in the ninth , but the Giants rallied to tie it 3 - 2 in the top of the ninth . Hunter Pence hit a solo homer off Jim Johnson in the ninth to tie the game at 3 . It was Johnson 's first career walk - off homer . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Brandon Belt 's RBI triple off Newcomb . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Brandon Belt 's RBI triple off Newcomb , who allowed three hits and one run in six innings . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out triple by Brandon Belt . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Brandon Belt 's RBI triple .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Miguel Sano and the Minnesota Twins are starting to look like a team . Sano hit a three - run homer , Kennys Vargas added a three - run shot and the Twins beat the Chicago White Sox 9 - 7 on Tuesday night . Ervin Santana ( 9 - 4 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in five innings for the Twins , who have won four of five . Jose Abreu homered and had three hits , including a two - run shot in the third for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Ervin Santana ( 9 - 4 ) allowed six runs and 10 hits in five innings for the Twins , who have won four of five . Brandon Kintzler pitched a perfect ninth for his 18th save in 21 chances . Jose Abreu homered and had three hits for Chicago , which has lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . Jose Abreu went 4 for 5 with a home run and two RBI for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Ervin Santana ( 9 - 4 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in five innings for the Twins , who have won four of five . Brandon Kintzler pitched a perfect ninth for his 18th save in 21 chances . Abreu hit a two - run homer in the third to give the White Sox a 2 - 0 lead . It was Vargas ' first home run since July 26 . The White Sox scored three runs in the third to take a 4 - 2 lead . Abreu led off with a triple and scored on Yolmer Sanchez 's double . Garcia 's two - out , two - run homer in the third gave the White Sox a 3 - 2 lead , and Abreu 's two - run homer in the third made it 4 - 2 .
NEW YORK -- Cameron Maybin and the Los Angeles Angels are going to have a lot of fun . Maybin hit a tiebreaking homer in the seventh inning , Luis Valbuena homered and the Angels beat the New York Yankees 8 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight win . Maybin had three hits , including a tiebreaking homer in the seventh inning , and Luis Valbuena also went deep for the Angels , who won for the fourth time in five games . Gary Sanchez homered for the Yankees , who lost for the fourth time in five games . Blake Parker ( 3 - 2 ) got the win despite giving up a solo homer to Gary Sanchez in the sixth . Gary Sanchez homered for the Yankees , who lost for the fourth time in five games . Gary Sanchez hit his first home run for New York , a solo shot in the fifth that tied the score at 3 - 3 . Gary Sanchez hit his first home run of the season in the fifth , a solo shot that tied the score at 3 - all . Gary Sanchez hit his first home run of the season in the fifth , a solo shot that tied the score at 3 - 3 . The Angels took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Danny Espinosa and a run - scoring single by Albert Pujols . Pineda gave up seven hits and three runs -- one earned -- in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out seven . Pineda gave up seven hits and three runs -- one earned -- in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one .
LOS ANGELES -- Corey Seager and the Los Angeles Dodgers are starting to look like a team . Seager homered three times and drove in six runs , Brandon McCarthy pitched six scoreless innings and the Los Angeles Dodgers routed the New York Mets 12 - 0 on Tuesday night . McCarthy ( 6 - 3 ) allowed four hits , struck out four and walked one . The right - hander is 3 - 1 in his last five starts . Brock Gsellman ( 5 - 5 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Gsellman ( 5 - 5 ) was charged with eight runs -- seven earned -- and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Mets have lost four of five . Gsellman ( 5 - 5 ) was charged with eight runs -- seven earned -- and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three , struck out two and hit a batter . Gsellman was charged with eight runs -- seven earned -- and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . Gsellman was optioned back to Triple-A Las Vegas after the game . Gsellman was recalled from Triple-A Las Vegas to start in place of Jacob deGrom , who was placed on the 15 - day disabled list with a strained right hamstring . Gsellman was charged with eight runs -- seven earned -- and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . Gsellman was charged with eight runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings .
NEW YORK -- Jacob deGrom and the New York Mets finally got their offense going . DeGrom pitched eight sharp innings , and the Mets beat the Washington Nationals 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . deGrom ( 6 - 3 ) allowed an unearned run and three hits in eight innings , struck out six and walked two . He also hit an RBI single in the fourth inning , and the Mets won for the fifth time in six games . New York has won five of its last six games . The Mets have won five of their last six games and have the worst record in the majors . The Mets have won six of seven and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Mets have won five of six overall . Joe Ross ( 3 - 3 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and nine hits in six innings for the Nationals . He struck out four and walked one . deGrom ( 6 - 3 ) allowed an unearned run and three hits in eight innings . He struck out six , walked two and hit a batter . Addison Reed worked the ninth to complete the four - hitter . Joe Ross ( 3 - 3 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and nine hits in six innings for the Nationals . He struck out four and walked one . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Brian Goodwin reached on an error by third baseman Wilmer Flores , stole second and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's sacrifice fly . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Ryan Zimmerman 's sacrifice fly .
CINCINNATI -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have been waiting for Yasiel Puig to get a big hit . Puig homered twice and drove in three runs , Hyun-Jin Ryu pitched five solid innings and the Dodgers beat the Cincinnati Reds 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Puig hit a two - run homer in the third inning and a solo shot in the sixth . He also had a solo shot in the sixth and a solo home run in the eighth . Joc Pederson and Joc Pederson also homered for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Ryu ( 3 - 6 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Joc Pederson hit a solo homer in the eighth for the Dodgers , who have won five of their last six games . Ryu ( 3 - 6 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Pedro Baez and Pedro Baez each pitched a scoreless inning . Pedro Baez and Pedro Baez each pitched a scoreless inning . Pedro Baez and Pedro Baez each pitched a scoreless inning . Pedro Baez and Pedro Baez each pitched a scoreless inning . Pedro Baez and Pedro Baez each pitched a scoreless inning . Pedro Baez and Pedro Baez each pitched a scoreless inning . Pedro Baez and Pedro Baez each pitched a scoreless inning . Pedro Baez and Pedro Baez each pitched a scoreless inning . Pedro Baez and Pedro Baez each pitched a scoreless inning . Pedro Baez , Luis Avilan and Pedro Baez each pitched a scoreless inning for the Dodgers , who have won four of their last five .
ST. LOUIS -- Eric Thames had a big night at the plate . Thames hit a two - run homer with two outs in the ninth inning , lifting the Milwaukee Brewers to a 6 - 4 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Thames hit a two - run homer off Seung Hwan Oh ( 1 - 3 ) with two outs in the ninth . Carlos Torres ( 3 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win . Oliver Drake pitched the ninth for his first career save . Carlos Torres ( 3 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Oliver Drake pitched the ninth for his first career save . Carlos Torres ( 3 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Oliver Drake pitched the ninth for his first career save . Dexter Fowler hit a two - run homer for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Carlos Torres ( 3 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Oliver Drake pitched the ninth for his first career save . Dexter Fowler hit a two - run homer for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . The Cardinals tied it at 4 in the fifth on Stephen Piscotty 's RBI single and Aledmys Diaz 's run - scoring single . The Cardinals tied it in the fifth on Stephen Piscotty 's RBI single and Aledmys Diaz 's run - scoring single . The Cardinals tied it in the fifth on Stephen Piscotty 's RBI single and Aledmys Diaz 's run - scoring single . The Cardinals tied it in the fifth on Stephen Piscotty 's RBI single and Aledmys Diaz 's RBI single .
DENVER -- Nolan Arenado was n't surprised to see the Colorado Rockies get a win . Arenado hit a game - ending single in the ninth inning , lifting the Colorado Rockies to a 10 - 9 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night . DJ LeMahieu had a career - high four hits and Raimel Tapia drove in two runs for the Rockies , who took two of three from the defending World Series champions . Buster Posey hit a three - run homer in the eighth for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Greg Holland ( 1 - 0 ) gave up a run in the ninth before striking out Brandon Crawford to end the game . Brandon Crawford had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Buster Posey had three hits for the Giants , including a three - run homer off Scott Oberg in the eighth . Greg Holland ( 1 - 0 ) gave up a run in the ninth before striking out Hunter Pence to end the game . San Francisco 's Jeff Hoffman allowed one run and seven hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Giants took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Ian Desmond and a run - scoring single by Ian Desmond . Posey 's RBI single made it 3 - 1 in the second . The Giants took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Ian Desmond and a run - scoring single by Ian Desmond . Posey 's RBI single made it 3 - 1 in the second . The Giants took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Ian Desmond and a run - scoring single by Ian Desmond . Posey 's RBI single made it 3 - 1 in the second .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox had n't won a game in a month . Kevan Smith hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , Kevan Smith hit a two - run homer and the White Sox beat the Baltimore Orioles 10 - 7 on Tuesday night . Matt Davidson hit a two - run homer and Avisail Garcia had a two - run double for the White Sox , who won for the sixth time in seven games . Jake Petricka ( 1 - 0 ) struck out four in 2 1/3 innings for the win . Wade Miley ( 2 - 4 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 2 1/3 innings for Baltimore , which has lost four of five . Trey Mancini hit a three - run homer for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Jake Petricka ( 1 - 0 ) struck out four in 2 1/3 innings for the win . Trey Mancini hit a three - run homer for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore starter Wade Miley ( 2 - 4 ) lasted only 2 1/3 innings , giving up six runs and six hits . He walked two and did not strike out a batter . Baltimore starter Mike Pelfrey gave up two runs and six hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked five and struck out two . Trey Mancini hit a three - run homer in the eighth for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Mike Pelfrey labored through 3 2/3 innings , allowing two runs and six hits . He walked five and struck out two . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Smith .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Aaron Judge and Didi Gregorius had four hits apiece to help the New York Yankees to a 5 - 3 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Wednesday night . Judge hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning , and Didi Gregorius had a career - high four hits and drove in two runs for the Yankees . Tyler Clippard ( 1 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Dellin Betances struck out the side in the ninth for his sixth save in seven chances . Masahiro Tanaka gave up three runs -- one earned -- and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Dellin Betances struck out the side in the ninth for his sixth save in six chances . Tanaka allowed three runs -- one earned -- and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Dellin Betances struck out the side in the ninth for his sixth save . Tanaka allowed three runs -- one earned -- and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The Angels took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on Chase Headley 's two - out RBI single . Tanaka allowed three runs -- one earned -- and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The Angels took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on Chase Headley 's two - out RBI single . Tanaka allowed three runs -- one earned -- and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two .
CHICAGO -- Ben Zobrist and the Chicago Cubs are on a roll . Zobrist hit a three - run homer , Addison Russell added a solo shot in the eighth and the Cubs beat the Colorado Rockies 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Miguel Montero and Miguel Montero also homered for the Cubs , who have won four of five . Carl Edwards Jr. ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . Wade Davis gave up a run in the ninth but held on for his 13th save in 14 chances . Carl Edwards Jr. ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Wade Davis gave up a run in the ninth but held on for his 13th save in 14 chances . Carl Edwards Jr. ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Wade Davis gave up a run in the ninth but held on for his 13th save in 14 chances . Ian Desmond had two hits and drove in two runs for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Carl Edwards Jr. ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings for the win . Wade Davis gave up a run in the ninth but held on for his 13th save in 14 chances . Ian Desmond had two hits and two RBIs for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Carl Edwards Jr. ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings for the win . Wade Davis gave up a run in the ninth but held on for his 13th save in 14 chances . Ian Desmond had two hits and two RBIs for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Colorado starter Antonio Senzatela allowed four runs and seven hits in four innings . He struck out six and walked two .
WASHINGTON -- Austin Bibens-Dirkx and the rest of the Texas Rangers ' offense did n't help . Bibens-Dirkx pitched seven innings of three - hit ball and Shin-Soo Choo homered , leading the Rangers to a 5 - 1 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . Bibens-Dirkx ( 2 - 0 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out two and walked one . Elvis Andrus hit a two - run triple in the eighth and scored on Nomar Mazara 's sacrifice fly . Scherzer ( 7 - 4 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out 10 and walked one . The Nationals have lost four of five . Scherzer ( 7 - 4 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out 10 and walked one . The Nationals have lost four of five . Scherzer ( 7 - 4 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out 10 and walked one . The Nationals have lost four of five . Scherzer ( 7 - 4 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in 7 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out a season - high 10 . Brian Goodwin 's first career leadoff homer gave the Nationals a 1 - 0 lead in the first . The Nationals tied it in the third on Nomar Mazara 's sacrifice fly . Choo led off the third with a homer to left - center , his second of the season .
HOUSTON -- Mike Fiers did n't have his best stuff of the season . Fiers pitched two - hit ball into the eighth inning , Brian McCann and Brian McCann homered and the Houston Astros beat the Los Angeles Angels 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Fiers ( 4 - 2 ) struck out eight and walked two in 7 1/3 innings . Ken Giles pitched the ninth for his 16th save . Ricky Nolasco ( 2 - 7 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in seven innings for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Nolasco ( 2 - 7 ) allowed eight hits and two runs with two strikeouts in seven innings . The Angels have lost five of their last six games . Houston starter Ricky Nolasco ( 2 - 7 ) allowed eight hits and two runs with two strikeouts in seven innings . The Angels have lost five of their last six games . Houston starter Ricky Nolasco ( 2 - 7 ) allowed eight hits and two runs with no walks in seven innings . He has n't won since April 26 . The Angels had a chance to take the lead in the sixth when Ben Revere reached on a fielder 's choice and stole second with one out . But Fiers struck out C. J. Cron to end the inning . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth . Josh Reddick led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Yuli Gurriel to make it 2 - 0 . McCann 's homer in the second inning gave the Astros a 1 - 0 lead . The Angels added a run in the fifth when Josh Reddick doubled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Yuli Gurriel .
SEATTLE -- The Toronto Blue Jays are on a roll . Kendrys Morales hit a go - ahead home run in the eighth inning , Marcus Stroman pitched seven strong innings and the Blue Jays beat the Seattle Mariners 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Justin Smoak and Ezequiel Carrera also homered for the Blue Jays , who have won three of four . Stroman ( 7 - 2 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and six hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . Roberto Osuna pitched a perfect ninth for his 15th save . Seattle starter Ariel Miranda allowed two runs and two hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out two . Seattle starter Ariel Miranda gave up two runs and two hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out two . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Jarrod Dyson led off with a double and scored on a single by Kyle Seager . The Mariners tied it in the seventh when Jarrod Dyson led off with a double and scored on Kyle Seager 's single . Nelson Cruz led off the bottom of the seventh with a double and scored on Kyle Seager 's single . Seager followed with an RBI single to tie the game at 2 - all . Stroman allowed two runs -- one earned -- and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games and have the worst record in the American League . The Mariners have lost five of their past six games .
ST. LOUIS -- Carlos Martinez has been the St. Louis Cardinals ' ace . Martinez pitched a four - hitter for his first career shutout , and the Cardinals beat the Philadelphia Phillies 7 - 0 on Tuesday night . Martinez ( 5 - 5 ) allowed four hits and a walk in his first career complete game . He threw 107 pitches , 69 for strikes . He threw 69 of his 107 pitches for strikes . Martinez ( 5 - 5 ) gave up four hits , struck out 11 and walked one . He threw 69 of his 107 pitches for strikes . Nick Pivetta ( 1 - 3 ) gave up four runs and four hits in five - plus innings . He struck out two and walked four . Pivetta ( 1 - 3 ) gave up four runs and four hits in five - plus innings . He struck out two and walked four . The Phillies have lost five of six . The Phillies have lost four of five . The Phillies have lost four of five . The Phillies have lost four of five . The Phillies have lost four of five . The Phillies have lost five of six . The Phillies have lost five of six . The Phillies have lost five of six . The Phillies have lost five of six . The Phillies have lost five of six . Pivetta ( 1 - 3 ) allowed four runs and four hits in five - plus innings . He struck out two and walked four . Pivetta had been 0 - 2 with a 5.63 ERA in his previous four starts . The Phillies have lost five of six . Pivetta allowed four runs and four hits in five - plus innings .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Houston Astros have n't had much success against the Kansas City Royals this season . Jake Marisnick hit a tiebreaking , two - run single in the ninth inning and the Astros rallied for a 6 - 1 victory over the Royals on Tuesday night . Jose Altuve hit a two - run homer off Kelvin Herrera ( 1 - 2 ) , and Jake Marisnick added a two - run single in the ninth . Will Harris ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win . Jason Hammel allowed one run and four hits in seven innings for Kansas City . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Will Harris ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless seventh inning for the win . The Royals ' Jason Hammel allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Royals starter Jason Hammel gave up one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Hammel allowed four hits , struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the second straight start . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in his past four starts . Hammel allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Hammel allowed four hits , struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the second straight start . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in his past four starts . Hammel allowed four hits , struck out four and walked none .
BALTIMORE -- Baltimore Orioles manager Buck Showalter was happy to see Jonathan Schoop hit a tying , two - run homer in the ninth inning . Jonathan Schoop tied it in the ninth with a tying , two - run homer off Tony Watson , and the Orioles beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Jonathan Schoop hit two home runs , and Chris Davis and Seth Smith also connected for the Orioles , who took two of three from the Pirates . Chris Davis , Chris Davis and Seth Smith also homered for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Brad Brach ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 10th to earn the win . Baltimore starter Ivan Nova allowed three runs and five hits in six - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Orioles took a 3 - 1 lead in the second inning . Josh Bell hit a leadoff double and scored on a single by John Jaso . Jordy Mercer followed with a run - scoring double , and John Jaso followed with a run - scoring double . The Pirates made it 3 - 1 in the second . Freese led off with a double and scored on a double by John Jaso . The Pirates took a 3 - 1 lead in the second . Freese led off with a double and scored on a single by John Jaso . The Pirates took a 3 - 1 lead in the second . Freese led off with a double and scored on a double by John Jaso . The Pirates took a 3 - 1 lead in the second . Freese led off with a double and scored on a double by John Jaso .
NEW YORK -- The New York Mets have found a way to beat the Pittsburgh Pirates . Neil Walker hit a two - run homer , Wilmer Flores added a solo shot and the Mets beat the Pirates 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Wilmer Flores and Wilmer Flores also homered for the Mets , who have won three straight and five of six . Robert Gsellman ( 4 - 3 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Mets , who have won three of four . Tyler Glasnow ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs and five hits in five innings for the Pirates . He struck out five and walked three . Glasnow ( 4 - 3 ) gave up seven hits and two runs in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . Tyler Glasnow ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs and five hits in five innings for the Pirates . He struck out five and walked three . Glasnow ( 4 - 3 ) gave up seven hits and two runs in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . Tyler Glasnow ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs and five hits in five innings for the Pirates . He struck out five and walked three . Glasnow ( 4 - 3 ) gave up seven hits and two runs in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Walker , his first of the season . The Pirates tied it in the third on Gregory Polanco 's RBI groundout .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Carlos Beltran had a big night for the Houston Astros . Beltran hit a tiebreaking solo homer in the ninth inning , and the Astros held on to beat the Texas Rangers 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Beltran hit a solo homer in the second inning off Andrew Cashner ( 2 - 5 ) , who gave up five runs and 11 hits in six innings . Chris Devenski ( 4 - 3 ) struck out three in 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Ken Giles gave up a run in the ninth but earned his 15th save in 16 chances . Andrew Cashner ( 2 - 5 ) gave up five runs and 11 hits in six innings for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Texas has lost five of its last six games . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games .
MIAMI -- Gio Gonzalez pitched eight innings of one - hit ball to help the Washington Nationals beat the Miami Marlins 1 - 0 on Wednesday night . Gonzalez ( 9 - 5 ) struck out five and walked three . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his past seven starts . Sean Doolittle pitched the ninth for his seventh save in eight chances . Jose Urena ( 9 - 5 ) allowed one run and three hits in eight innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Marlins have lost four of five . Miami 's Jose Urena ( 9 - 5 ) allowed one run and three hits in eight innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Marlins have lost four of five . They totaled only three hits . Urena ( 9 - 5 ) allowed one run and three hits in eight innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Marlins have lost three of their past four games . They totaled only three hits in the series . Urena allowed three hits and one run in eight innings . He walked one and struck out six . Miami 's Dee Gordon extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first . He has reached base safely in 38 consecutive games , the longest active streak in the majors . Urena ( 9 - 5 ) allowed one run and three hits in eight innings . He walked one and struck out six . Urena allowed three hits and one run in eight innings . He walked one and struck out six . Urena allowed three hits and one run in eight innings .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox have been waiting for Matt Davidson to find a way to beat the Blue Jays . Davidson hit a go - ahead homer in the eighth inning and the White Sox rallied from a five - run deficit to beat the Blue Jays 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . The White Sox trailed 6 - 0 in the eighth before Roberto Osuna ( 3 - 2 ) struck out Kevan Smith to end the inning . Chris Beck ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Roberto Osuna ( 3 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . Chris Beck ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Josh Donaldson hit a solo homer in the first inning for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Darwin Barney hit a three - run double in the sixth for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Chris Beck ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Toronto starter Marco Estrada gave up one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Kendrys Morales led off with a double and scored on a two - out double by Barney . The White Sox made it 3 - 0 in the fourth when Kendrys Morales singled , stole second and scored on Barney 's bases - clearing double . Shields allowed six runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two .
TORONTO -- For the first time in more than a month , the Los Angeles Angels were able to rally from a seven - run deficit . Steve Pearce hit a game - ending grand slam in the ninth inning , giving the Toronto Blue Jays an 11 - 10 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits for the Blue Jays , who have won four of five . Pujols hit a leadoff homer in the first , his second leadoff homer of the season and fourth of his career . He hit a two - run shot in the ninth off Mike Bolsinger to give the Angels a 9 - 4 lead . Pujols hit a leadoff homer in the first and a solo drive in the bottom half , but the Angels answered in the bottom half when Ben Revere doubled home a run and scored on Luis Valbuena 's sacrifice fly . Pujols hit a one - out homer in the bottom half , his second of the season and second in two days . The Blue Jays added three more in the third . Carrera led off with a double and scored on a double by Russell Martin , who scored on Kendrys Morales ' sacrifice fly . The Angels cut it to 7 - 4 in the bottom half when Ben Revere doubled home a run and scored on Luis Valbuena 's sacrifice fly .
SAN DIEGO -- Andrew McCutchen had a big night at the plate . McCutchen hit three home runs and drove in three runs , Gerrit Cole pitched seven strong innings and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the San Diego Padres 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . McCutchen hit a solo homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the eighth . He also walked twice , walked twice and hit a solo homer in the first inning . He also walked twice , walked twice , walked twice and hit a solo homer in the ninth . McCutchen hit a solo homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the eighth . He also walked twice , walked twice and hit a solo homer in the first inning . He also walked twice , walked twice and scored four times . McCutchen hit a solo homer in the first inning off Clayton Richard ( 5 - 12 ) , who allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Jose Osuna had two hits and two RBIs for the Pirates . Clayton Richard ( 5 - 12 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings , struck out five and walked two . The Padres have lost five of six . Richard ( 5 - 12 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Pirates have lost five of six . Richard ( 5 - 12 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings , struck out five and walked two . The Padres have lost five of six . Richard allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings , struck out five and walked two .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Welington Castillo had a big night for the Baltimore Orioles . Castillo hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs , Wade Miley pitched five effective innings and the Orioles beat the Texas Rangers 10 - 6 on Tuesday night . Castillo hit a three - run homer in the fifth inning and added a three - run shot in the fifth to help the Orioles win for the seventh time in eight games . It was the first time the Orioles had scored more than three runs in a game since July 26 , 2011 , when they had 13 hits . Castillo 's three - run homer off Martin Perez ( 5 - 9 ) gave the Orioles a 9 - 2 lead in the fifth , and Castillo 's three - run shot in the fifth gave the Orioles a 9 - 2 lead . Schoop had a three - run homer in the fifth and a three - run shot in the fifth off Martin Perez ( 5 - 9 ) , who gave up eight runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . Perez ( 5 - 9 ) gave up eight runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Texas starter Martin Perez ( 5 - 9 ) gave up eight runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Texas starter Martin Perez ( 5 - 9 ) gave up eight runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Perez ( 5 - 9 ) gave up eight runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two .
CHICAGO -- Kyle Schwarber and the Chicago Cubs are on quite a roll . Schwarber homered twice and drove in four runs , Jon Lester pitched seven strong innings and the Chicago Cubs beat the Chicago White Sox 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Schwarber 's second homer came off Mike Pelfrey ( 3 - 8 ) , who gave up five runs and six hits in five - plus innings . Pelfrey ( 3 - 8 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . Pelfrey ( 3 - 8 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts and is winless in his last five starts . Pelfrey ( 3 - 8 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The White Sox have lost four of five . Mike Pelfrey ( 3 - 8 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The White Sox have lost four of five . Pelfrey ( 3 - 8 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . Abreu hit a leadoff homer in the third and a solo shot in the fourth . He also hit a solo shot off Koji Uehara in the ninth . The White Sox have lost four of five .
SEATTLE -- Chris Sale has been one of the best pitchers in the American League this season . Sale allowed three hits in seven scoreless innings , Sandy Leon hit a two - run homer and the Boston Red Sox beat the Seattle Mariners 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Sale ( 13 - 4 ) allowed three hits and one walk in seven innings , striking out 11 . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.31 ERA in his last five starts . Craig Kimbrel got the final two outs for his 25th save . Sale ( 13 - 4 ) allowed three hits , walked one and struck out 11 . Craig Kimbrel got the final two outs for his 25th save . Sale ( 13 - 4 ) allowed three hits and one walk in seven innings . He struck out 11 and walked one . Craig Kimbrel got the final two outs for his 25th save . Seattle starter Andrew Moore ( 1 - 3 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . It was the first time in Moore 's career that he failed to pitch at least six innings . The Red Sox have won five of their past six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The Red Sox have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Boston has lost four of five . The Mariners have lost four of five . The Red Sox have won five of their past six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 .
NEW YORK -- The New York Yankees have been waiting for Luis Severino to make the most of it . Severino pitched three - hit ball over seven innings , Didi Gregorius hit a three - run homer and the Yankees beat the Cincinnati Reds 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Didi Gregorius hit a two - run homer and Didi Gregorius added a two - run shot as the Yankees won for the seventh time in eight games . Severino ( 7 - 4 ) gave up two unearned runs and three hits in seven innings , striking out nine and walking two . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in his last four starts . Homer Bailey ( 2 - 5 ) gave up seven runs and 10 hits in six - plus innings for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Homer Bailey ( 2 - 5 ) gave up seven runs -- five earned -- and 10 hits in six - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . Adam Duvall hit a three - run homer in the eighth for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Bailey ( 2 - 5 ) gave up seven runs -- five earned -- and 10 hits in six - plus innings . He did not strike out a batter and did not strike out a batter for the first time this season . Bailey ( 2 - 5 ) gave up seven runs -- five earned -- and 10 hits in six - plus innings . He did not strike out a batter and did not strike out anyone .
NEW YORK -- Jordan Montgomery did n't have his best stuff of the season . The right - hander pitched into the seventh inning , Didi Gregorius homered and drove in two runs , and the New York Yankees beat the Cincinnati Reds 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Montgomery ( 7 - 5 ) gave up one run and two hits in 6 2/3 innings , striking out six and walking one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in his last five starts . Aroldis Chapman pitched a perfect ninth for his 12th save . Luis Castillo ( 1 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings for the Reds . He struck out two and walked two . Castillo ( 1 - 4 ) gave up three earned runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked two . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . Castillo allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked two . The Reds got a run in the sixth when Devin Mesoraco drew a leadoff walk , stole second and scored on a groundout by Arismendy Alcantara . Billy Hamilton had an RBI groundout in the sixth .
DETROIT -- Royals manager Ned Yost was n't going to use Mike Moustakas in the 12th inning of a game that took 5 hours , 53 minutes . Moustakas hit a go - ahead homer in the 12th inning , and the Royals beat the Detroit Tigers 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Jorge Bonifacio also went deep for the Royals , who have won four of five . Jakob Junis ( 3 - 2 ) pitched a perfect 12th for the win and Kelvin Herrera worked a perfect 12th for his 20th save in 23 chances . Jakob Junis ( 3 - 2 ) pitched a perfect 12th for the win . Kelvin Herrera pitched a perfect 12th for his 20th save in 23 chances . Jakob Junis ( 3 - 2 ) pitched a perfect 12th for the win . Kelvin Herrera pitched a perfect 12th for his 20th save in 23 chances . The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Lorenzo Cain led off with a double and scored on Moustakas ' sacrifice fly . Moustakas added a sacrifice fly in the fourth to make it 2 - 0 . The Royals tied it in the sixth on Miguel Cabrera 's RBI single and Alex Avila 's two - run single . Detroit starter Jason Hammel gave up three runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Moustakas , a sacrifice fly by Moustakas and a sacrifice fly by Moustakas . Verlander allowed three runs and five hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out nine . Verlander allowed three runs and five hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out nine .
CINCINNATI -- Sal Romano is making his first start of the season . The right - hander pitched six innings of three - hit ball , Tucker Barnhart hit a solo homer and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Miami Marlins 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Romano ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Raisel Iglesias pitched the ninth for his 17th save in 19 chances . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Reds have won five of their last six games . They have won five of their last six games . Romano ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Raisel Iglesias pitched the ninth for his 17th save in 19 chances . Tom Koehler ( 1 - 5 ) gave up nine hits and six runs in 5 2/3 innings for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Koehler ( 1 - 5 ) gave up nine hits and six runs with two walks and two strikeouts in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander is winless in his last five starts . The Marlins have lost five of their last six games . The Marlins have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Marlins have lost five of their last six games . The Marlins have lost five of their last six games . They 've lost five of their last six games .
PHOENIX -- Stephen Strasburg did n't need much help from his teammates . Strasburg pitched one - hit ball over two innings and Brian Goodwin homered to lead the Washington Nationals to a 6 - 2 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Wednesday night . Strasburg ( 1 - 2 ) got two outs in the fifth inning , and the Nationals ' bullpen held on for a 6 - 2 victory . Sean Doolittle and Sean Doolittle each pitched a scoreless inning of relief for the Nationals . Joe Blanton ( 1 - 2 ) got two outs for the win . Robbie Ray ( 9 - 5 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and six hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out four . Joe Blanton ( 1 - 2 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning to get the win . Washington 's Robbie Ray ( 9 - 5 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and six hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out four . The Diamondbacks scored four runs in the fifth to cut the lead to 5 - 2 . Daniel Descalso led off with a double and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's sacrifice fly . Ryan Zimmerman 's sacrifice fly made it 2 - 0 , and Jose Lobaton 's fielder 's choice made it 5 - 0 . Ray allowed five runs -- four earned -- and six hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out four . The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 5 - 2 in the fifth on a run - scoring single by Ketel Marte and a run - scoring single by Ketel Marte .
BALTIMORE -- The Houston Astros have n't had much success against the Baltimore Orioles this season . Marwin Gonzalez hit a go - ahead , three - run homer in the sixth inning and the Astros rallied to beat the Orioles 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Yuli Gurriel hit a tiebreaking , three - run homer in the sixth inning and Yuli Gurriel added a two - run shot in the sixth for the Astros , who have won four of five . Francis Martes ( 3 - 0 ) pitched 2 1/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . Houston starter Collin McHugh gave up four runs and four hits in 4 2/3 innings . The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four previous starts against the Orioles this season . Francis Martes ( 3 - 0 ) struck out two in 2 1/3 innings for the win . Houston starter Chris Tillman gave up three runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts since being recalled from Triple-A Norfolk on Aug. 8 . Baltimore 's Chris Tillman gave up three runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts since being recalled from Triple-A Norfolk earlier in the day . Tillman gave up three runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked none . Tillman gave up three runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked none . Tillman gave up three runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are going to have a winning formula for the Los Angeles Dodgers . Chris Taylor homered and drove in three runs , Rich Hill pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Dodgers beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Rich Hill ( 7 - 4 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings , struck out a season - high eight and walked two . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . The Dodgers took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth on Taylor Barnes ' pinch - hit double and Taylor 's two - run triple . Rich Hill ( 7 - 4 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings , struck out eight and walked two . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . The Dodgers took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth on Taylor Barnes ' pinch - hit single and Taylor 's two - run triple off Luke Jackson . Rich Hill ( 7 - 4 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The Dodgers took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth on Taylor Barnes ' pinch - hit single and Taylor 's two - run triple . The Dodgers took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth . Pinch-hitter Austin Barnes led off with a double and scored on Taylor 's pinch - hit double . Luke Jackson came on and gave up a two - run triple to Taylor . The Dodgers took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth . Pinch-hitter Austin Barnes led off with a double and scored on Taylor 's pinch - hit double . Luke Jackson came on and gave up a two - run triple to Taylor . The Dodgers took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth . Pinch-hitter Austin Barnes led off with a double and scored on Taylor 's pinch - hit single . Luke Jackson came on and gave up a two - run triple to Taylor . The Dodgers took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth on Taylor Barnes ' pinch - hit single and Taylor 's two - run triple .
CINCINNATI -- The Miami Marlins have been waiting for Jose Urena to find a way to beat the Cincinnati Reds . Urena pitched six innings of three - hit ball , Christian Yelich drove in two runs and the Miami Marlins beat the Reds 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Urena ( 8 - 4 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings , striking out four and walking two . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in his last five starts . The Marlins have won five of their last six games . They have won five of their last six games . Urena ( 8 - 4 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Marlins have won five of their last six games . They have won six of their last seven games . The Marlins have won five of their last six games . They have won six of their last seven . Urena ( 8 - 4 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Marlins have won five of their last six games . They have won five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games .
CHICAGO -- The St. Louis Cardinals ' offense has been a problem for the Chicago Cubs . Carson Kelly hit a go - ahead , two - run double in the eighth inning and the Cardinals routed the Cubs 11 - 4 on Tuesday night . Randal Grichuk and Randal Grichuk also homered for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Carl Edwards Jr. ( 3 - 2 ) gave up three runs in the eighth , including a two - run double by Carson Kelly and a two - run double by Paul DeJong that made it 11 - 3 . Matt Bowman ( 2 - 3 ) got one out for the win . Kevin Siegrist , Zach Duke and Kevin Siegrist completed the six - hitter . Carl Edwards Jr. ( 3 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up three runs and one hit in one - third of an inning . Willson Contreras hit a two - run homer and Anthony Rizzo had an RBI single for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Chicago starter Carlos Martinez allowed three runs -- two earned -- and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . Chicago starter Carlos Martinez allowed three runs -- two earned -- and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . Chicago starter Carlos Martinez allowed three runs -- two earned -- and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . Chicago starter Carlos Martinez allowed three runs -- two earned -- and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one .
PHILADELPHIA -- Freddy Galvis had a big night for the Philadelphia Phillies . Galvis hit a two - run homer and Aaron Nola pitched seven strong innings to lead the Phillies to a 6 - 1 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Galvis hit a two - run homer off Matt Garza ( 4 - 5 ) in the first inning and added a sacrifice fly in the sixth . Aaron Nola ( 7 - 6 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings , striking out nine and walking two . Nola ( 7 - 6 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked two . Nola ( 7 - 6 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out a season - high nine . Nola ( 7 - 6 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out a season - high nine . Nola ( 7 - 6 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out a season - high nine . Nola ( 7 - 6 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out a season - high nine . Nola ( 7 - 6 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out a season - high nine . Nola ( 7 - 6 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out a season - high nine . Hector Neris worked the eighth and Hector Neris finished for the Phillies .
NEW YORK -- Michael Conforto and the New York Mets are going to be in the thick of the playoff race . Conforto homered twice and drove in four runs , Yoenis Cespedes had three hits and the Mets beat the Oakland Athletics 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Yoenis Cespedes had three hits , and Yoenis Cespedes had three hits for the Mets , who took two of three from the A 's for the second time this season . Marcus Semien had four hits and drove in two runs for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Marcus Semien had four hits and drove in two runs for the A 's . Marcus Semien had four hits and drove in two runs for the A 's . Marcus Semien had four hits and drove in two runs for the A 's . Marcus Semien had four hits and drove in two runs for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Marcus Semien had a career - high four hits and drove in two runs for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Marcus Semien had a career - high four hits and drove in two runs for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Oakland starter Paul Blackburn ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He was recalled from Triple-A Sacramento earlier in the day to make his first start of the season . Blackburn was recalled from Triple-A Sacramento earlier in the day to make his first start of the season . Blackburn allowed four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out one and walked one .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox have won the first two games of the four - game series . Dustin Pedroia drove in three runs , Drew Pomeranz pitched into the seventh inning and the Red Sox beat the Toronto Blue Jays 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Dustin Pedroia had a two - run single and Deven Marrero added a two - run single as the Red Sox won for the fifth time in six games . Aaron Sanchez ( 1 - 3 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and six hits in four innings . He walked five and struck out two . Aaron Sanchez ( 1 - 3 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and six hits in four innings . He walked five and struck out two . Aaron Sanchez ( 1 - 3 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and six hits in four innings . He walked five and struck out two . Sanchez ( 1 - 3 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and six hits in four innings . He walked five and struck out two . Sanchez ( 1 - 3 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and six hits in four innings . He walked five and struck out two . Sanchez ( 1 - 3 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and six hits in four innings . He walked five , hit a batter and struck out two . Sanchez ( 1 - 3 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and six hits in four innings . He walked five and struck out two .
HOUSTON -- Mike Fiers did n't have his best stuff . The right - hander struck out a career - high 11 in seven innings , Nori Aoki hit a two - run double and the Houston Astros beat the Minnesota Twins 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Fiers ( 6 - 4 ) allowed four hits and two runs with a season - high 11 strikeouts in seven innings . Ken Giles pitched the ninth for his 20th save . Kyle Gibson ( 5 - 8 ) allowed six hits and four runs with six strikeouts in six innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Kyle Gibson ( 5 - 8 ) allowed six hits and four runs with six strikeouts in six innings for the Twins . Kennys Vargas hit his first career home run for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Gibson ( 5 - 8 ) allowed four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked four . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Max Kepler 's sacrifice fly . The Twins tied it in the bottom of the inning on a two - out RBI single by Jake Marisnick . Houston tied it in the bottom of the second on a two - out RBI single by Marisnick . The Twins tied it in the bottom of the inning on a two - out RBI single by Marisnick . The Twins tied it in the bottom of the inning on a two - out RBI single by Marisnick . The Twins tied it in the bottom of the inning on a two - out RBI single by Marisnick . The Twins tied it in the bottom of the inning on a two - out RBI single by Marisnick .
MILWAUKEE -- Eric Thames has been a big part of the Milwaukee Brewers ' late - season surge . Thames drove in the go - ahead run with a double in the fifth inning , and the Brewers beat the Philadelphia Phillies 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Brewers took two of three from the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Jacob Barnes ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Corey Knebel pitched the ninth for his 16th save in 17 chances . Odubel Herrera and Odubel Herrera homered for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Jacob Barnes ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Corey Knebel pitched the ninth for his 16th save . Milwaukee starter Aaron Nola gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on a sacrifice fly by Ty Kelly and a sacrifice fly by Ty Kelly in the fifth . Milwaukee starter Aaron Nola allowed two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Nola gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Nola gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Nola gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Nola gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Nola gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings .
DETROIT -- Michael Fulmer has been a big part of the Detroit Tigers ' rotation . J. D. Martinez homered and drove in five runs , Fulmer pitched eight innings of two - hit ball and the Tigers routed the Toronto Blue Jays 11 - 1 on Tuesday night . Miguel Cabrera homered and drove in two runs , and Jose Iglesias had three hits and an RBI for the Tigers . Fulmer ( 10 - 6 ) allowed one run and two hits in eight innings . He struck out three and walked one . Fulmer ( 10 - 6 ) allowed one run and two hits in eight innings . He struck out three and walked one . Fulmer ( 10 - 6 ) allowed one run and two hits in eight innings . He struck out three and walked one . Fulmer ( 10 - 6 ) allowed one run and two hits in eight innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Jose Iglesias and a run - scoring single by Mikie Mahtook . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Cabrera led off with a double and scored on Martinez 's single . Cabrera hit a solo homer in the first , and Martinez added a run - scoring single in the second . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Ian Kinsler drew a one - out walk , and Cabrera followed with a drive to left - center for his 21st homer . Martinez 's RBI single made it 2 - 0 in the second . The Tigers made it 5 - 0 in the fourth on Josh Donaldson 's RBI groundout .
ATLANTA -- Freddie Freeman and Freddie Freeman helped the Atlanta Braves end a three - game losing streak . Freeman hit a go - ahead single in the eighth inning and the Braves beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Freeman hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning off Arizona starter Taijuan Walker , who allowed two runs and five hits in six innings . Rex Brothers ( 1 - 0 ) got one out in the eighth and Jim Johnson worked a perfect ninth for his 20th save in 23 chances . The Braves have won five of six . Rex Brothers ( 1 - 0 ) got one out in the eighth and Jim Johnson worked the ninth for his 20th save in 23 chances . Paul Goldschmidt homered for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Rex Brothers ( 1 - 0 ) got one out in the eighth and Jim Johnson worked a perfect ninth for his 20th save in 23 chances . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Matt Kemp 's RBI single . Arizona tied it at 1 in the sixth . Chris Owings led off with a single , stole second and scored on Daniel Descalso 's single . Arizona tied it at 1 in the sixth . Chris Owings led off with a single , stole second and scored on Daniel Descalso 's single . Arizona tied it at 1 in the sixth . Chris Owings led off with a single , stole second and scored on Daniel Descalso 's single . The Diamondbacks tied it at 1 in the sixth . Chris Owings led off with a single , stole second , advanced to third on a throwing error by catcher Tyler Flowers and scored on a single by Descalso . The Diamondbacks tied it at 1 in the sixth . Chris Owings led off with a single , stole second and scored on Descalso 's single .
PHILADELPHIA -- Freddy Galvis had a big night at the plate . Galvis hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the seventh inning , lifting the Philadelphia Phillies to a 7 - 1 victory over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night . Galvis hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a solo shot in the seventh . He also hit a solo shot in the second inning and added a solo shot in the seventh . Jerad Eickhoff ( 1 - 7 ) allowed five hits and struck out eight in five scoreless innings . Nick Williams also homered for the Phillies , who have won four of five . Trevor Cahill ( 3 - 3 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Cahill ( 3 - 3 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Cahill ( 3 - 3 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Phillies have lost four of five . Cahill ( 3 - 3 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . The Phillies have lost four of five . Cahill allowed four runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out eight and walked none .
DENVER -- Tommy Kahnle got his first major league win . Tim Anderson and Tim Anderson homered in the ninth inning to lift the Chicago White Sox to a 5 - 4 win over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Kahnle ( 1 - 3 ) allowed a run in the eighth , and David Robertson pitched a perfect ninth for his 13th save in 14 chances . Nolan Arenado hit a two - run homer for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Tommy Kahnle ( 1 - 3 ) pitched one inning for the win . David Robertson pitched the ninth for his 13th save in 14 chances . Nolan Arenado hit a two - run homer in the first for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Tommy Kahnle ( 1 - 3 ) pitched one inning for the win . David Robertson pitched the ninth for his 13th save in 14 chances . Nolan Arenado hit a two - run homer in the first for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Colorado starter Jeff Hoffman allowed four runs and seven hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out a season - high 10 . Hoffman allowed four runs and seven hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out a season - high 10 . Hoffman gave up four runs and seven hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out a season - high 10 . Hoffman allowed four runs and seven hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out a season - high 10 . Hoffman allowed four runs and seven hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out two .
PHOENIX -- Luis Castillo finally got his first win of the season . Castillo pitched three - hit ball into the seventh inning , Joey Votto hit a two - run homer and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7 - 0 on Tuesday night . Castillo ( 1 - 1 ) struck out a career - high eight in 6 2/3 innings , allowing three hits and striking out a career - high eight . The right - hander struck out eight and walked one . Taijuan Walker ( 6 - 4 ) gave up five runs , five earned , and five hits in five innings . He struck out four , walked three and hit a batter . Tucker Barnhart and Tucker Barnhart hit solo homers for the Reds . Taijuan Walker ( 6 - 4 ) gave up five runs , five earned , and five hits in five innings . He struck out four , walked three and hit a batter . Tucker Barnhart and Tucker Barnhart homered for the Reds , who have won three of four . Taijuan Walker ( 6 - 4 ) gave up five runs , five earned , and five hits in five innings . He struck out four , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . Tucker Barnhart led off the game with a home run , and Tucker Barnhart added a solo shot in the fifth to make it 5 - 0 . Walker ( 6 - 4 ) gave up five runs , five earned , and five hits in five innings . He struck out four , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . Barnhart led off the fifth with a home run off Walker , who gave up five runs and five hits in five innings .
TORONTO -- Josh Donaldson 's first homer of the season gave the Toronto Blue Jays a 7 - 2 lead in the seventh inning . Donaldson hit a three - run homer , Marcus Stroman pitched seven strong innings and the Blue Jays beat the Houston Astros 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Donaldson hit a three - run homer off Mike Fiers ( 5 - 4 ) in the fifth inning and added a three - run drive in the seventh off Chris Devenski . It was his second homer of the season and second in two days . Donaldson hit a three - run homer in the fifth off Mike Fiers ( 5 - 4 ) , who allowed three runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He walked four and struck out six . Marwin Gonzalez hit a solo homer off Joe Biagini in the ninth for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Mike Fiers ( 5 - 4 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He walked four and struck out six . Marwin Gonzalez hit a solo homer off Joe Biagini in the ninth for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Houston 's Mike Fiers ( 5 - 4 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He walked four and struck out six . Houston 's Marwin Gonzalez hit a solo homer off Joe Biagini in the ninth . Houston 's George Springer hit an RBI double in the third , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Houston opened the scoring in the third when Norichika Aoki hit a one - out double and scored on Springer 's double .
TORONTO -- The Houston Astros have been waiting for Francisco Liriano to find a way to beat the Houston Astros . Liriano allowed three runs and nine hits in six innings , Russell Martin hit a solo homer and the Blue Jays beat the Astros 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Liriano ( 5 - 4 ) allowed three runs and nine hits in six - plus innings . He walked one and struck out four . Roberto Osuna pitched a perfect ninth for his 22nd save in 25 chances . The Blue Jays have won five of their past six games . Toronto has won five of its past six games and has not won consecutive games since a three - game winning streak from July 31 - Aug. 1 . The Astros have lost six of seven . Houston 's Lance McCullers ( 7 - 2 ) allowed six runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Astros have lost five of their past six games . Houston 's Lance McCullers ( 7 - 2 ) allowed six runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Astros have lost five of their past six games . Houston 's Lance McCullers ( 7 - 2 ) allowed six runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . Houston took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Marwin Gonzalez 's second homer of the season . The Astros tied it at 1 in the fourth on a two - out RBI single by Kendrys Morales . Houston tied it in the bottom half on Steve Pearce 's RBI single .
PHILADELPHIA -- Gregory Polanco had four hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth inning , and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Philadelphia Phillies 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Polanco had four hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth , and Andrew McCutchen had three hits and scored twice for the Pirates , who have won three of four . Kuhl ( 3 - 6 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in seven - plus innings . He struck out three and walked three . Juan Nicasio got three outs for his first career save . The Phillies have lost five of six . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Hellickson allowed three runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Altherr 's two - out , two - run single .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting for a lot to celebrate this season . Eduardo Escobar hit a two - run triple , Eduardo Escobar had a two - run triple and the Twins beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Eduardo Escobar had two hits and two RBI for the Twins , who have won four of five . Jose Berrios ( 8 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and seven hits in six innings for the Twins . Brandon Kintzler pitched the ninth for his 23rd save in 28 chances . Dylan Bundy ( 8 - 8 ) gave up six runs and five hits in five innings for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Bundy ( 8 - 8 ) gave up six runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out four , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . Max Kepler had a two - run single in the third for the Twins , who have won five of their last six games . Berrios ( 8 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Brandon Kintzler pitched the ninth for his 23rd save in 28 chances . Dylan Bundy ( 8 - 8 ) gave up six runs and five hits in five innings for the Orioles . He struck out four and walked two . Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the second inning for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Bundy allowed six runs and five hits in five innings .
MILWAUKEE -- Eric Thames had a big night at the plate . Thames homered twice , Jimmy Nelson struck out eight in seven innings and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Nelson ( 7 - 4 ) gave up six hits , struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Brewers have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since April 17 . The Orioles have lost four of five . Jimenez ( 3 - 4 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Jimenez ( 3 - 4 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Jimenez ( 3 - 4 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Jimenez ( 3 - 4 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Jimenez ( 3 - 4 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out seven , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . Jimenez , who had won his previous three starts , gave up three home runs , including three homers , in five innings . He has given up two earned runs or less in each of his last five starts . The Orioles have lost six of seven .
CLEVELAND -- Trevor Cahill was n't as dominant as he was in the first two games of the season . The right - hander pitched four scoreless innings in a 1 - 0 win over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . The right - hander allowed four hits , struck out four and walked two . The right - hander has n't allowed a run in his last three starts . Kluber ( 7 - 3 ) struck out a season - high 10 and allowed five hits and struck out a season - high 10 . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . Jose Torres ( 5 - 2 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning to get the win . Brandon Maurer worked the ninth for his 17th save in 17 chances . Kluber ( 7 - 3 ) struck out a season - high 10 and allowed five hits and struck out a season - high 10 . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . Jose Torres ( 5 - 2 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning to get the win . Brandon Maurer worked the ninth for his 17th save in 19 chances . Kluber ( 7 - 3 ) struck out a season - high 10 and allowed five hits and struck out a season - high 10 . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . Jose Torres ( 5 - 2 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning to get the win . Brandon Maurer worked the ninth for his 17th save in 19 chances . Kluber ( 7 - 3 ) allowed one run and five hits in eight innings . He struck out 10 and walked one .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Seattle Mariners have been waiting for James Paxton to find a way to beat the Los Angeles Angels . Paxton pitched two - hit ball into the seventh inning , Robinson Cano hit a three - run homer and the Mariners beat the Angels 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Paxton ( 6 - 3 ) allowed one run and two hits in 6 1/3 innings , striking out three and walking two . He has allowed two runs or fewer in six of his seven starts this season . Edwin Diaz got the final four outs for his 13th save in 14 chances . Jesse Chavez ( 5 - 9 ) gave up two runs and four hits in five innings for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Chavez ( 5 - 9 ) was charged with two runs and four hits in five - plus innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Angels have lost five of six . Chavez ( 5 - 9 ) was charged with two runs and four hits in five - plus innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out RBI single by Segura . The Angels made it 2 - 0 in the fifth . Boog Powell led off with a single , stole second and scored on Segura 's double to right - center . Chavez was charged with two runs and four hits in five - plus innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out RBI single by Segura .
MIAMI -- Ben Lively gave the Philadelphia Phillies a lift . Lively pitched six solid innings and hit a two - run single to help the Phillies beat the Miami Marlins 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Lively ( 2 - 5 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Hector Neris pitched the ninth for his 17th save . Odrisamer Despaigne ( 0 - 2 ) allowed three runs in four innings for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Despaigne ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs and five hits in four innings . He struck out three , walked two and hit a batter . The Marlins scored three runs in the fourth to take a 3 - 1 lead . Pedro Florimon hit an RBI single and Pedro Florimon followed with a run - scoring single . Despaigne ( 0 - 2 ) allowed three runs and five hits in four innings . He struck out three , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . Despaigne has allowed three earned runs in his past three starts . The Marlins scored in the second on Miguel Rojas ' RBI groundout . The Marlins went ahead 1 - 0 in the second . Gordon led off with a single , stole second , advanced to third on a groundout and scored on a groundout by Miguel Rojas . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Gordon led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch . He scored on a groundout by Miguel Rojas . Despaigne allowed three runs and five hits in four innings .
PHILADELPHIA -- Ender Inciarte had a career - high five hits , including a two - run single in the third inning , and the Atlanta Braves beat the Philadelphia Phillies 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Inciarte had a career - high five hits , including a two - run single in the third inning and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a career - high five hits , including a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a career - high five hits , including a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a career - high five hits , including a two - run single in the third that made it 8 - 0 . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third .
TORONTO -- Chris Sale has been one of the best pitchers in the major leagues this season . Sale pitched three - hit ball over seven innings , Hanley Ramirez and Hanley Ramirez homered and the Boston Red Sox beat the Toronto Blue Jays 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Sale ( 15 - 6 ) allowed three hits , struck out 11 and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He walked none and struck out 11 . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth for his 31st save . Brett Anderson ( 2 - 3 ) allowed one run and six hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Anderson ( 2 - 3 ) allowed one run and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked none and struck out three . The Blue Jays have lost three straight and six of seven . Anderson ( 2 - 3 ) allowed one run and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked none and struck out three . Anderson ( 2 - 3 ) allowed one run and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked none and struck out three . Anderson ( 2 - 3 ) allowed one run and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked none and struck out three . Ramirez homered off Dominic Leone in the seventh , the second time this season the Red Sox have hit back - to - back home runs this season . The Red Sox have won three straight and six of seven . Boston has lost three straight and six of seven . The Blue Jays open a three - game series at Toronto on Monday .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels ' biggest offensive output of the season came to an end . C. J. Cron homered twice and drove in four runs , Ben Revere had two hits and drove in two runs and the Angels beat the Oakland Athletics 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cron hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the fourth , and Martin Maldonado added a solo shot in the eighth . Jesse Chavez ( 7 - 10 ) pitched four innings of one - hit relief for the Angels , who won for the sixth time in seven games . Chris Smith ( 0 - 4 ) gave up seven runs and five hits in 3 2/3 innings for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Jesse Chavez ( 7 - 10 ) pitched four innings of one - hit relief , striking out five and walking two in four - plus innings for the Angels . Matt Olson homered for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Jesse Chavez ( 7 - 10 ) pitched four innings of one - hit relief , striking out five and walking two in four - plus innings for the Angels . Matt Olson hit a solo homer in the second inning for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Matt Olson homered in the second inning for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Joyce hit his first homer of the season in the second inning to get the A 's within 5 - 2 . The A 's loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth , but Chavez escaped the jam by striking out Ryon Healy .
TORONTO -- Craig Kimbrel got his 30th save in 34 chances . Christian Vazquez hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning and the Boston Red Sox beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Vazquez ( 14 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . He walked five and struck out four . Craig Kimbrel gave up a two - run homer to Justin Smoak in the ninth , but held on for his 30th save in 34 chances . Justin Smoak hit a two - run homer off Craig Kimbrel in the ninth , but the Blue Jays lost for the sixth time in seven games . Toronto has lost four of five . Justin Smoak hit a two - run homer for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Toronto 's Marcus Stroman allowed two runs , one earned , and seven hits in six - plus innings . He walked none and struck out four . Toronto 's Marcus Stroman allowed two runs , one earned , and seven hits in six - plus innings . He walked none and struck out four . Toronto 's Marcus Stroman allowed two runs , one earned , and seven hits in six - plus innings . He walked none and struck out four . Toronto 's Marcus Stroman allowed two runs , one earned , and seven hits in six - plus innings . He walked none and struck out four . Stroman allowed two runs , one earned , and seven hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out four . Stroman allowed two runs , one earned , and seven hits in six innings .
SAN DIEGO -- Jeff Samardzija did n't need much run support for the San Francisco Giants . Samardzija pitched a three - hitter for his first career shutout , Joe Panik hit a two - run homer and the Giants beat the San Diego Padres 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Samardzija ( 9 - 12 ) struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Samardzija ( 9 - 12 ) struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Jhoulys Chacin ( 11 - 10 ) allowed one run and two hits in five innings , struck out three and walked four . The Giants have lost four of five . Jhoulys Chacin ( 11 - 10 ) allowed one run and two hits in five innings , struck out three and walked four . The Giants have lost four of five . Chacin ( 11 - 10 ) gave up one run and two hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Giants have lost five of seven . Chacin ( 11 - 10 ) allowed one run and two hits in five innings , struck out three and walked four . He has lost three straight starts for the first time this season . Chacin walked four and struck out three . The Giants have lost five of seven . Chacin ( 11 - 10 ) allowed one run and two hits in five innings , struck out three and walked four . He has lost four of his last five starts .
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting for Tanner Roark to come through in a big way . Roark pitched six effective innings , Adam Lind hit a solo homer and the Nationals beat the New York Mets 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Roark ( 11 - 8 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . Roark ( 11 - 8 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . Sean Doolittle gave up a two - out RBI single to Juan Lagares in the ninth before getting pinch - hitter Asdrubal Cabrera to ground into a game - ending double play for his 16th save . Brandon Nimmo hit a two - run homer for the Mets , who have lost three of four . Mets starter Tanner Roark ( 11 - 8 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He did not walk a batter and struck out nine . Sean Doolittle gave up a two - out RBI single to Juan Lagares in the ninth before getting pinch - hitter Asdrubal Cabrera to ground into a game - ending double play for his 16th save . Brandon Nimmo hit a two - run homer for the Mets , who have lost three of four . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost four of five . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York 's Wilmer Flores went 0 - for - 3 , ending his career - best hitting streak at 20 games -- the longest active streak in the majors .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Khris Davis has been a big part of the Oakland Athletics ' starting rotation . Davis hit two solo home runs , Kendall Graveman pitched seven strong innings and the A 's beat the Texas Rangers 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Davis hit his first home run of the season in the fourth inning off Nick Martinez ( 3 - 5 ) , who allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Graveman ( 4 - 4 ) allowed one run and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked none . Blake Treinen pitched the ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . Nick Martinez ( 3 - 5 ) allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings for the Rangers . He struck out seven and walked two . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Delino DeShields doubled and scored on Adrian Beltre 's single . The A 's had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Graveman struck out Mike Napoli and Mike Napoli to end the threat . Martinez allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Martinez gave up three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Martinez allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Martinez gave up three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Martinez allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked two .
CLEVELAND -- The Cleveland Indians have been waiting for Chris Sale to find a way to beat the Boston Red Sox . The right - hander was tagged for seven runs and seven hits in three innings , his shortest outing of the season , and the Indians beat the Red Sox 13 - 6 on Tuesday night . Sale ( 14 - 6 ) was tagged for seven runs and seven hits in three - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Indians have lost four of five . Sale ( 14 - 6 ) gave up seven runs and seven hits in three - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . Sale ( 14 - 6 ) was tagged for seven runs and seven hits in three - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Red Sox have lost four of five . Sale ( 14 - 6 ) was tagged for seven runs and seven hits in three - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Red Sox scored four runs in the second inning off Sale ( 14 - 6 ) , who allowed seven runs and seven hits in three - plus innings . Xander Bogaerts had two hits and drove in two runs for the Red Sox . Xander Bogaerts had two hits and drove in two runs for the Red Sox . Xander Bogaerts had two hits and drove in two runs for the Red Sox . Xander Bogaerts had two hits and two RBI for Boston .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Whit Merrifield had four hits , including a two - out , three - run homer in the ninth inning that lifted the Kansas City Royals to a 6 - 4 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . The Royals have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . Hosmer hit a three - run homer off Greg Holland ( 2 - 5 ) with two outs in the ninth to give the Royals a 6 - 4 lead . Holland ( 2 - 5 ) gave up a two - out single to Alcides Escobar and a walk to Alex Gordon before Hosmer 's homer . Brandon Maurer ( 3 - 5 ) worked a scoreless ninth to pick up the win . Holland ( 2 - 5 ) took the loss , giving up three runs and two hits in two - thirds of an inning . Brandon Maurer ( 3 - 5 ) worked a scoreless ninth for the win . Royals starter Ian Kennedy gave up three runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out six . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Gerardo Parra 's sacrifice fly . The Royals took a 3 - 1 lead in the fifth on Gerardo Parra 's sacrifice fly and Gerardo Parra 's sacrifice fly . The Royals took a 3 - 1 lead in the fifth on Gerardo Parra 's sacrifice fly and Gerardo Parra 's sacrifice fly . Senzatela allowed two runs and nine hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out two .
BALTIMORE -- Ryon Healy and the Oakland Athletics are starting to feel good at Camden Yards . Healy hit a pair of home runs , Khris Davis and Khris Davis also connected , and the Athletics beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Healy hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the fifth , and Khris Davis added a solo shot in the ninth . Simon Castro ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs in two innings in relief of Paul Blackburn , who allowed two runs and two hits in two innings . Blake Treinen got the final four outs for his eighth save . Manny Machado hit a two - run homer and Jonathan Schoop had a two - run single for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Simon Castro ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs in two innings for his first major league win . Blake Treinen got the final four outs for his eighth save . Manny Machado hit a two - run homer for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Simon Castro ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs and two hits in two innings . Blake Treinen got four outs for his eighth save . The A 's have won six of seven and are a season - high 13 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Miami Marlins have been waiting for Ichiro Suzuki to hit a three - run homer in the seventh inning , and it was n't enough to help the Marlins snap a three - game losing streak . Suzuki hit a pinch - hit , three - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Marlins beat the Philadelphia Phillies 12 - 8 on Tuesday night . The Marlins have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Dan Straily ( 8 - 8 ) gave up three runs and two hits in six innings for the Marlins , who have won four of five . Straily ( 8 - 8 ) allowed three runs and two hits in six innings . He struck out 10 and walked two . Aaron Nola ( 9 - 9 ) gave up a season - high seven runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . Rhys Hoskins hit a two - run homer in the first for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Nola ( 9 - 9 ) gave up nine hits and seven runs in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the first on Maikel Franco 's sacrifice fly and Rhys Hoskins ' two - run homer . Nola ( 9 - 9 ) gave up nine hits and seven runs in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Nola ( 9 - 9 ) gave up nine hits and seven runs in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Blake Snell and the Tampa Bay Rays are on a roll . Snell pitched seven innings of two - hit ball , Adeiny Hechavarria hit a two - run homer and the Rays beat the Seattle Mariners 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Snell ( 2 - 6 ) allowed two hits , walked two and struck out a season - high eight . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in three starts against the Mariners this season . Alex Colome pitched the ninth for his 36th save in 38 chances . Yovani Gallardo ( 5 - 9 ) gave up three runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings for the Mariners . He struck out six and walked three . Gallardo ( 5 - 9 ) gave up three runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . The right - hander struck out six and walked three . Gallardo ( 5 - 9 ) gave up three runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . The right - hander struck out six and walked three . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . Gallardo allowed three runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . The right - hander struck out six and walked three . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . Gallardo allowed three runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . Gallardo gave up three runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games .
BALTIMORE -- The Los Angeles Angels had a chance to win a game for the first time in more than a month . Kole Calhoun hit a leadoff homer in the second inning and the Los Angeles Angels rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . Andrelton Simmons hit a two - run homer and Andrelton Simmons added a two - run shot for the Angels , who won for the sixth time in seven games . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven .
SAN DIEGO -- Edwin Jackson did n't have his best stuff . Jackson pitched seven strong innings , Ryan Zimmerman hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth inning and the Washington Nationals beat the San Diego Padres 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Jackson ( 4 - 2 ) allowed one run and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . Sean Doolittle pitched a perfect ninth for his 13th save . Jackson ( 4 - 2 ) allowed one run and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . Sean Doolittle pitched a perfect ninth for his 13th save . Jackson ( 4 - 2 ) allowed one run and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . Sean Doolittle pitched a perfect ninth for his 13th save . Jackson ( 4 - 2 ) allowed one run and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . Sean Doolittle pitched a perfect ninth for his 13th save . Jhoulys Chacin allowed one run and three hits in five innings , struck out six and walked four . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Adam Lind . The Padres tied it in the third on Jose Pirela 's two - out RBI single . The Padres tied it in the third when Manuel Margot singled with one out and scored on Pirela 's two - out single . Chacin allowed one run and three hits in five innings , struck out six and walked four . He has allowed three earned runs or less in each of his last five starts . Chacin is 0 - 3 in his last five starts .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox did n't need much offense to beat the St. Louis Cardinals . Jackie Bradley Jr. hit a two - run double , Xander Bogaerts had three hits and the Red Sox beat the Cardinals 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . Rick Porcello ( 7 - 14 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . Mike Leake ( 7 - 11 ) gave up eight runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Dexter Fowler had three hits , including a two - run double in the sixth , and Dexter Fowler had three hits and two RBI for the Cardinals . Dexter Fowler had three hits and two RBIs for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Dexter Fowler had three hits and two RBIs for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Dexter Fowler had three hits and two RBIs for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Dexter Fowler had three hits and two RBIs for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Dexter Fowler had three hits and two RBIs for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Dexter Fowler had three hits and two RBIs for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Dexter Fowler had three hits and two RBIs for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Dexter Fowler had three hits and two RBIs for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Dexter Fowler had three hits and two RBIs for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have been waiting for pinch - hitter Austin Barnes to hit a pinch - hit , two - run single in the eighth inning to give the Dodgers a 6 - 1 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Friday night . Barnes hit a pinch - hit , two - run single off Juan Minaya ( 1 - 1 ) to give the Dodgers a 6 - 1 lead . Brandon Morrow ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Juan Minaya ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up a one - out single to Logan Forsythe and a two - run single to Austin Barnes to make it 6 - 1 . Brandon Morrow ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Juan Minaya ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up a one - out single to Chris Taylor and a walk to pinch - hitter Chase Utley . Aaron Bummer came on and walked pinch - hitter Chase Utley before pinch - hitter Austin Barnes hit a two - run , pinch - hit single . Brandon Morrow ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Miguel Gonzalez gave up one run and five hits in six innings , striking out four and walking three . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts after winning his previous two starts . Wood gave up six hits , struck out six and did n't walk a batter in seven innings . The right - hander is winless in his last five starts . Wood gave up six hits , struck out six and did n't walk a batter in seven innings .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- The Texas Rangers have been waiting for Michael Fulmer to find a way to beat the Detroit Tigers . Joey Gallo hit a solo homer in the third inning , Martin Perez pitched six effective innings and the Rangers beat the Tigers 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Perez ( 7 - 10 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked one . The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 2.82 ERA in his previous four starts . Justin Upton hit a two - run homer in the first inning for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Martin Perez ( 7 - 10 ) allowed two runs and six hits over six innings . He struck out two and walked one . Michael Fulmer ( 10 - 10 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in five innings for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Fulmer ( 10 - 10 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Tigers have lost five of their last six games . Fulmer ( 10 - 10 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Tigers have lost five of their last six games . Fulmer ( 10 - 10 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Tigers have lost five of their last six games and have scored only seven runs in their last five games . Fulmer gave up five runs and seven hits in five innings .
LOS ANGELES -- Manuel Margot and the San Diego Padres are starting to look like a team . Margot hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth inning , Jose Pirela also went deep and the Padres beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Jose Pirela also homered for the Padres , who have won four of five . Jose Torres ( 6 - 3 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Brad Hand got four outs for his ninth save . Jose Torres ( 6 - 3 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Brad Hand got four outs for his ninth save . Jose Torres ( 6 - 3 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Brad Hand got four outs for his ninth save . Jose Torres ( 6 - 3 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Brad Hand struck out the only batter he faced for his ninth save . Jose Torres ( 6 - 3 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Brad Hand struck out the only batter he faced for his ninth save . Cody Bellinger had three hits and two RBI for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Jose Torres ( 6 - 3 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Brad Hand got four outs for his ninth save . Cody Bellinger had three hits and two RBI for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Clayton Richard gave up three runs and eight hits in six innings , struck out five and walked four . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Bellinger 's RBI single .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Trey Mancini 's first home run of the season came on a 3 - 2 pitch from Chris Smith leading off the fourth inning , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Oakland Athletics 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Jones hit a solo home run in the fourth and a solo shot in the sixth . He also hit a solo shot in the fourth inning and added a solo shot in the sixth . The A 's have lost four of five . Mancini hit his first home run of the season in the fourth inning , a solo shot in the fourth and a solo shot in the fourth . He also hit a solo shot in the fourth and added a solo shot in the fourth . The A 's have lost four of five . Jed Lowrie had two hits and drove in two runs for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Jed Lowrie had two hits and two RBIs for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Jed Lowrie had two hits and two RBIs for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Jed Lowrie had two hits and drove in two runs for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Jed Lowrie had two hits and drove in two runs for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Jed Lowrie had two hits and drove in two runs for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Jed Lowrie had two hits and drove in two runs for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Jed Lowrie had two hits and two RBI for the A 's .
CINCINNATI -- Asher Wojciechowski pitched effectively into the sixth inning , Eugenio Suarez hit a two - run homer and the Cincinnati Reds beat the San Diego Padres 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Wojciechowski ( 3 - 1 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter . Travis Wood ( 2 - 4 ) allowed six runs -- five earned -- and seven hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Wil Myers hit a two - run homer for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Wil Myers hit a two - run homer for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Wil Myers hit a two - run homer for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Wood ( 2 - 4 ) allowed six runs -- five earned -- and seven hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Manuel Margot hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Padres , who have lost four of their last five . Manuel Margot hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Padres , who have lost four of their last five games . Wood allowed six runs -- five earned -- and seven hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Wood gave up six runs -- five earned -- and seven hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Wood gave up six runs , five earned , and seven hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked four .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox did n't need much offense to beat the Houston Astros . Tim Anderson hit a two - run homer and Yolmer Sanchez added a two - run single as the White Sox beat the Astros 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Miguel Gonzalez ( 6 - 10 ) allowed one run and five hits in eight innings . He struck out four and walked one . Collin McHugh ( 0 - 1 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Astros . He struck out five and walked three . McHugh ( 0 - 1 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games and have won five of six .
TORONTO -- Josh Donaldson 's first home run of the season came on a 3 - 0 pitch from CC Sabathia . Donaldson hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a two - run shot in the third , and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the New York Yankees 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Donaldson hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a two - run drive in the third . He added a two - run shot in the third . Donaldson hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a two - run drive in the third . Donaldson hit a two - run shot in the first , then added a two - run shot in the third . Donaldson added a two - run shot in the third , his 21st of the season . Donaldson hit a two - run homer in the first , then added a two - run shot in the third . Donaldson added a two - run shot in the third , his 18th . Toronto cut it to 4 - 2 in the eighth when Chase Headley doubled and scored on Garrett Cooper 's sacrifice fly . Roberto Osuna pitched a perfect ninth for his 29th save in 36 chances . Donaldson hit a two - run homer in the first and a two - run drive in the third . Toronto cut it to 4 - 2 in the eighth when Chase Headley doubled and scored on Garrett Cooper 's sacrifice fly . The Blue Jays cut it to 4 - 2 in the eighth when Chase Headley doubled and scored on Garrett Cooper 's sacrifice fly . Toronto cut it to 4 - 2 on Cooper 's sacrifice fly in the eighth .
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting for Anibal Sanchez to make the most of it . Manny Machado had four hits , including a two - run homer in the first inning , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Detroit Tigers 12 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Orioles scored four runs in the first inning against Anibal Sanchez ( 3 - 2 ) , who allowed eight runs and 10 hits in three - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against the Orioles this season . Baltimore has lost five of its last six games . The Orioles have lost six of eight . Baltimore has lost five of six . The Tigers have lost five of six . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of eight . Baltimore has lost five of six . The Tigers have lost five of six . Baltimore has lost five of six . The Tigers have lost five of six . Baltimore has lost five of six . The Tigers have lost five of six . Baltimore has lost five of six . The Tigers have lost five of six . Baltimore has lost five of six . The Tigers have lost five of six . Baltimore has lost five of six . The Tigers have lost five of six . Baltimore has lost five of six . The Tigers have lost five of six . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of eight . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of eight . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of eight .
CLEVELAND -- The New York Yankees are feeling good about themselves . Aaron Judge hit a three - run homer and Luis Severino pitched effectively into the seventh inning , leading the Yankees to an 8 - 1 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Aaron Judge hit a three - run homer and Jacoby Ellsbury had three RBIs for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Carlos Carrasco ( 10 - 5 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Indians have lost four of five . Carlos Carrasco ( 10 - 5 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Indians have lost six of seven and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Carrasco ( 10 - 5 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . Judge hit a three - run homer in the seventh off reliever Mike Clevinger , who gave up five runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . Michael Brantley hit a solo homer in the first for Cleveland 's only run . Michael Brantley hit a two - out homer in the first for the Indians , who have lost three straight and six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven .
WASHINGTON -- Pittsburgh Pirates manager Clint Hurdle was happy to see Max Scherzer make his first start of the season . Scherzer threw 3 2/3 scoreless innings , Max Moroff hit a bases - loaded triple in the ninth inning and the Pirates beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Scherzer , who was acquired in a trade with the Chicago Cubs on July 31 , allowed one hit in 3 2/3 scoreless innings . He struck out five , walked one and hit a batter . George Kontos ( 1 - 6 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Felipe Rivero worked a perfect ninth for his 21st save in 23 chances . George Kontos ( 1 - 6 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Felipe Rivero worked a perfect ninth for his 21st save . The Nationals have lost four of five . George Kontos ( 1 - 6 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Felipe Rivero worked a perfect ninth for his 21st save in 23 chances . The Nationals have lost five of their last six games . The Nationals have lost four of five . Washington 's Jameson Taillon allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning . Daniel Murphy led off with a double and scored on a single by Ryan Zimmerman . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Daniel Murphy led off with a single , stole second and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's single . Taillon struck out five and walked one in seven innings . He was pulled after 92 pitches .
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals ' comeback victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates gave the Nationals their first win of the season . Alejandro De Aza hit a go - ahead single in the bottom of the ninth inning and the Nationals beat the Pirates 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Daniel Murphy had three hits and drove in a run for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Josh Bell hit a tying two - run homer in the ninth off Sean Doolittle ( 2 - 0 ) . Sean Doolittle ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs in the top of the ninth . Josh Bell hit a tying two - run homer off Sean Doolittle ( 2 - 0 ) in the top of the ninth . Sean Doolittle ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs in the top of the ninth . Josh Bell hit a tying , two - run homer in the ninth off Sean Doolittle ( 2 - 0 ) . Sean Doolittle ( 2 - 0 ) gave up a two - run homer to Josh Bell in the top of the ninth . Ryan Madson pitched a perfect eighth , and Ryan Madson worked a perfect eighth . Ryan Madson worked a perfect eighth , and Brandon Kintzler worked the ninth for Washington . Ryan Madson pitched a perfect eighth , and Brandon Kintzler worked a perfect eighth . Ryan Madson worked a perfect eighth , and Brandon Kintzler worked a perfect ninth . Ryan Madson pitched a perfect eighth , and Brandon Kintzler worked the ninth for Washington . Ryan Madson pitched a perfect eighth and Brandon Kintzler worked a perfect ninth . Ryan Madson worked the eighth and Brandon Kintzler finished for Washington .
ST. LOUIS -- John Lackey has been pitching well for the Chicago Cubs . Addison Russell hit a three - run homer , Tommy La Stella had a pinch - hit RBI double and the Cubs beat the St. Louis Cardinals 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Lackey ( 12 - 11 ) allowed one run and two hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked two . Lackey ( 12 - 11 ) gave up one run and two hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked two . Lackey ( 12 - 11 ) allowed one run and two hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked two . Lackey ( 12 - 11 ) gave up one run and two hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked two . Lackey ( 12 - 11 ) allowed one run and two hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked two . Wacha ( 12 - 9 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Wacha ( 12 - 9 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Wacha ( 12 - 9 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Wacha ( 12 - 9 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Cardinals have lost four of five . Wacha ( 12 - 9 ) allowed five runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out eight and walked one .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Yonder Alonso has been a big part of the Seattle Mariners ' late - season surge . Alonso hit a go - ahead , three - run homer in the seventh inning and the Mariners beat the Oakland Athletics 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Yonder Alonso hit a two - run homer and Yonder Alonso added a two - run shot for the Mariners , who won for just the second time in eight games . Emilio Pagan ( 2 - 3 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . Edwin Diaz pitched the ninth for his 33rd save in 38 chances . Daniel Mengden ( 2 - 2 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He walked three and struck out three . Mengden ( 2 - 2 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He walked three and struck out three . Mengden ( 2 - 2 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He walked three and struck out three . Mengden ( 2 - 2 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He walked three and struck out three . Mengden ( 2 - 2 ) allowed four runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He walked three and struck out three . Mengden ( 2 - 2 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He walked three and struck out three . Mengden ( 2 - 2 ) allowed four runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He walked three and struck out three .
NEW YORK -- Mets manager Terry Collins was happy to see the New York Mets get back in the thick of the NL East race . Seth Lugo pitched six innings of two - hit ball , Travis d'Arnaud homered and the Mets beat the Atlanta Braves 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Lugo ( 7 - 5 ) struck out seven and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander allowed only two hits in six innings , striking out seven without a walk . Lugo ( 7 - 5 ) struck out seven and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Lugo ( 7 - 5 ) struck out seven and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander was 0 - 3 in his previous five starts , but he was lifted after throwing 81 pitches in six innings . Lugo ( 7 - 5 ) allowed two hits , struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Chasen Bradford , Chasen Bradford and Jeurys Familia gave up two runs -- one earned -- in the ninth for his fifth save . Brandon Nimmo had three hits for the Mets , who have won four of five . Max Fried ( 1 - 1 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out two and walked one . Fried ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out two and walked one .
DETROIT -- The Minnesota Twins are starting to look like a team with the best record in the American League . Zack Granite hit a three - run homer , Zack Granite homered and drove in three runs , and the Twins beat the Detroit Tigers 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . Ervin Santana ( 16 - 8 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Robbie Grossman drove in three runs and Robbie Grossman drove in three runs for the Twins . Efren Navarro homered twice and Alex Presley had an RBI single for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Ervin Santana ( 16 - 8 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Efren Navarro homered twice and Alex Presley had an RBI single for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Efren Navarro homered twice and Alex Presley had a run - scoring single for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Alex Presley hit an RBI single in the first and scored on Alex Presley 's single . The Tigers tied it in the bottom of the first on an RBI single by Alex Presley and a run - scoring single by Nicholas Castellanos . The Tigers took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the inning on an RBI single by Alex Presley and a run - scoring single by Nicholas Castellanos . The Tigers took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the inning on an RBI single by Alex Presley and a run - scoring single by Nicholas Castellanos .
DETROIT -- Minnesota Twins manager Ron Gardenhire was n't going to let the game slip away . He did n't want to talk about his team 's offense , which has been a problem for the Tigers . Joe Mauer had three hits and drove in two runs , Byron Buxton hit a two - run double and the Twins routed the Detroit Tigers 12 - 1 on Tuesday night . Joe Mauer had three hits , including a two - run double in the eighth inning , and Max Kepler had two hits and two RBI for the Twins . Dillon Gee ( 3 - 2 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Jordan Zimmermann ( 8 - 13 ) allowed three runs and five hits in four - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Jeimer Candelario . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Jeimer Candelario . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Jeimer Candelario 's RBI double . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Jeimer Candelario 's RBI double . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Jeimer Candelario 's RBI double . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Jeimer Candelario 's RBI double . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Jeimer Candelario 's RBI double . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Jose Iglesias led off with a single , stole second and scored on Jeimer Candelario 's double .
CINCINNATI -- Dexter Fowler and the St. Louis Cardinals did n't have much to celebrate . Fowler hit a leadoff homer in the bottom of the 10th inning , and the Cardinals beat the Cincinnati Reds 8 - 6 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight win . The Cardinals have won five of their last six games . The Cardinals have won five of their last six games . The Cardinals have won five of their last six games . The Cardinals have won five of their last six games . The Cardinals have won five of their last six games . The Cardinals have won five of their last six games . The Cardinals have won five of their last six games . The Cardinals have won five of their last six games . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Cardinals have won five of their last six games . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . Scooter Gennett hit a solo homer and Patrick Kivlehan had a sacrifice fly for the Reds .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Giants manager Bruce Bochy was n't going to use Hunter Strickland in the bottom of the ninth inning . Hunter Pence hit a go - ahead sacrifice fly in the ninth inning and the San Francisco Giants beat the Colorado Rockies 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Pablo Sandoval had three hits and drove in a run for the Giants , who have won four of five . Sam Dyson ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Chris Rusin ( 5 - 1 ) took the loss . Colorado starter German Marquez allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Colorado starter German Marquez allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Colorado starter German Marquez allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run double by Charlie Blackmon . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run double by Charlie Blackmon . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run double by Charlie Blackmon . Cueto gave up two runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out six . Marquez allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Colorado starter German Marquez allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Marquez allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings .
CINCINNATI -- Eugenio Suarez has been one of the few bright spots for the Cincinnati Reds . Suarez hit a two - run homer , Robert Stephenson pitched six innings of one - hit ball and the Reds beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Suarez hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning off Gerrit Cole ( 11 - 11 ) , who gave up four runs and three hits in five - plus innings . Cole ( 11 - 11 ) gave up four runs and three hits in five - plus innings . He struck out six and walked four . John Jaso hit a two - run homer for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Cole ( 11 - 11 ) gave up four runs and three hits in five - plus innings . John Jaso hit a two - run homer for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Cole ( 11 - 11 ) gave up four runs and three hits in five - plus innings . He walked four and struck out six . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games . Cole ( 11 - 11 ) gave up four runs and three hits in five - plus innings . He walked four and struck out six . John Jaso hit a two - run homer off Luke Farrell in the eighth , giving the Pirates a 5 - 2 lead . Michael Lorenzen pitched the ninth for his second save . Cole allowed four runs and three hits in five - plus innings . He walked four and struck out six .
DETROIT -- The Chicago White Sox have lost four of their last five games , and Matt Boyd pitched a one - hitter . Nicholas Castellanos hit a three - run homer , Matthew Boyd pitched a one - hitter and the Tigers routed the Chicago White Sox 12 - 0 on Tuesday night . Boyd ( 6 - 10 ) struck out five and walked one in a career - high 121 pitches . He threw 76 of his 121 pitches for strikes . Boyd ( 6 - 10 ) struck out five and walked one . He threw 76 of his 121 pitches for strikes in his first career complete game . Dylan Covey ( 0 - 6 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . Dylan Covey ( 0 - 6 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . Dylan Covey ( 0 - 6 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . Dylan Covey ( 0 - 6 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by JaCoby Jones . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Castellanos . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Castellanos . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Castellanos .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting for Joe Biagini to come out of the bullpen . Joe Mauer had three hits , including a grand slam , and Kyle Gibson pitched six effective innings to lead the Twins to a 13 - 7 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night . Joe Biagini ( 3 - 11 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- and five hits in 1 1/3 innings for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Josh Donaldson hit two solo home runs for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Kyle Gibson ( 11 - 10 ) gave up five runs and three hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked five . Josh Donaldson hit two solo home runs for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Josh Donaldson hit two solo home runs for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Josh Donaldson hit two solo home runs for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Donaldson hit a solo home run in the first inning and a two - run single in the first . He added an RBI double in the seventh . Donaldson hit a solo home run in the first inning and Ryan Goins had an RBI double in the seventh . Donaldson hit a solo home run in the first inning and Ryan Goins had an RBI double in the seventh . Donaldson hit a solo home run in the first inning and Ryan Goins had an RBI double in the seventh . Donaldson hit a solo home run in the first inning and a two - run single in the first .
WASHINGTON -- Stephen Strasburg was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Ryan Zimmerman homered twice and drove in four runs , Strasburg pitched six strong innings and the Washington Nationals beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Strasburg ( 14 - 4 ) allowed an unearned run and two hits in six innings , striking out eight and walking three . Ryan Madson worked the eighth and Brandon Kintzler finished the four - hitter for the Nationals . Stripling ( 3 - 5 ) took the loss , giving up three runs on two hits and a walk while striking out one . Stripling ( 3 - 5 ) took the loss , giving up three runs and two hits in 1 1/3 innings . Stripling ( 3 - 5 ) gave up three runs and two hits . He walked one and struck out one . Stripling ( 3 - 5 ) gave up three runs and two hits . He walked one and struck out one . Dodgers starter Hyun-Jin Ryu allowed three hits and two walks in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out five . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning . Yasiel Puig reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second and advanced to third on a throwing error by catcher Yasmani Grandal . After a walk to Logan Forsythe loaded the bases , Ryu threw a wild pitch that allowed Puig to score . Ryu struck out five in 4 2/3 innings , allowing three hits and two walks . He struck out five . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning when Yasiel Puig reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch .
CINCINNATI -- Sal Romano did his best to get the win . Romano threw eight innings of five - hit ball , Jesse Winker hit a solo homer and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Romano ( 5 - 6 ) struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The right - hander struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Reds have won five of their last six games . Romano ( 5 - 6 ) struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander had been 0 - 3 with a < unk > ERA in his last four starts . Romano ( 5 - 6 ) gave up five hits , struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . The Reds have won five of their last six games . Romano ( 5 - 6 ) allowed five hits , struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander is 4 - 1 in his last seven starts . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost four of five . Nova ( 11 - 14 ) gave up two runs and three hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games . The Pirates have lost six of their last seven games . They 've been shut out three times this season .
ATLANTA -- The New York Mets have been waiting for knuckleballer R. A. Dickey to find a way to beat knuckleballer R. A. Dickey . deGrom pitched seven strong innings , Gavin Cecchini had three hits and two RBI and the Mets beat the Atlanta Braves 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . deGrom ( 15 - 9 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked two . deGrom ( 15 - 9 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked two . deGrom ( 15 - 9 ) gave up five hits and one run in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Mets have lost five of six . Dickey ( 9 - 10 ) gave up five runs , eight hits and two walks in five innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Mets have lost five of six . Dickey ( 9 - 10 ) gave up five runs , eight hits and two walks in five innings . He has lost three straight starts for the first time this season . The Braves have lost five of six . Dickey ( 9 - 10 ) gave up five runs , eight hits and two walks in five innings . He has lost three straight starts for the first time this season . The Braves have lost four of five . Dickey ( 9 - 10 ) gave up five runs , eight hits and two walks in five innings . He has lost three straight starts for the first time this season . The Braves have lost six of seven . Atlanta 's Freddie Freeman hit a solo homer in the sixth .
MIAMI -- The Miami Marlins have won the first two games of the series against the Milwaukee Brewers . Derek Dietrich homered and drove in two runs , Adam Conley won for the first time in more than a month and the Marlins beat the Brewers 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Ryan Braun homered and drove in two runs for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Adam Conley ( 7 - 7 ) allowed three runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Zach Davies ( 17 - 9 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in four innings for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Adam Conley ( 7 - 7 ) allowed three runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Ryan Braun homered and drove in two runs for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Adam Conley ( 7 - 7 ) allowed three runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six , walked three and hit a batter . Drew Steckenrider , Drew Steckenrider and Drew Steckenrider each pitched a scoreless inning to complete the three - hitter . Braun hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Davies allowed six runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring groundout by Shaw and a run - scoring groundout by Miguel Rojas .
PHILADELPHIA -- Daniel Mengden and the Oakland Athletics are on a roll . Mengden pitched a two - hitter for his first major league win , Matt Joyce hit a two - run homer and the Oakland Athletics beat the Philadelphia Phillies 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Mengden ( 1 - 1 ) struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out seven and walked none . Matt Olson hit a two - run homer and Matt Olson added a two - run shot for the A 's . Mark Leiter Jr. ( 3 - 6 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings for the Phillies . He struck out nine and walked one . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Matt Olson . Olson hit a two - run shot in the second to give the Athletics a 2 - 0 lead . Olson hit a two - run homer in the second to give the Athletics a 2 - 0 lead . Olson hit a two - out , two - run homer in the second to give the Athletics a 2 - 0 lead . Olson hit a two - out , two - run homer in the second to give the Athletics a 2 - 0 lead . Olson hit a two - out , two - run homer in the second to give the Athletics a 2 - 0 lead . Olson hit a two - out , two - run homer in the second to give the Athletics a 2 - 0 lead . Olson hit a two - run homer in the second .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Nelson Cruz had four hits , including a three - run homer , and the Seattle Mariners beat the Texas Rangers 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . Cruz hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a three - run double in the five - run fifth . He also had an RBI single in the sixth and a solo homer in the seventh . Andrew Cashner ( 9 - 10 ) lasted only 4 1/3 innings , giving up five runs and six hits . He walked five and struck out two . Cashner ( 9 - 10 ) gave up five runs , five earned , and six hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out two . Rougned Odor hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Cashner ( 9 - 10 ) allowed five runs , five earned , and six hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out two . Cashner , who was acquired in a trade with Houston on July 31 , is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Rangers have lost four of five . Cashner ( 9 - 10 ) allowed five runs , five earned , and six hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out two . Cashner , who was acquired in a trade with Houston on July 31 , was recalled from Triple-A Round Rock earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Round Rock earlier in the day . Griffin allowed five runs , five earned , and six hits in 4 1/3 innings .
ST. LOUIS -- The St. Louis Cardinals ' offense has been a problem for the St. Louis Cardinals . Luke Weaver pitched six innings of two - hit ball , Tommy Pham hit a two - run homer and the Cardinals beat the Cincinnati Reds 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Jose Martinez had two hits and drove in two runs , and Jose Martinez had two hits and drove in two runs . Luke Weaver ( 6 - 1 ) allowed one unearned run and two hits in six innings . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . Amir Garrett ( 3 - 8 ) lasted only four innings , giving up four runs and three hits . He struck out seven and walked five . The Reds have lost four of five . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost four of five . Garrett Bailey ( 3 - 3 ) allowed four runs and three hits in four innings for the Reds . He struck out seven and walked none . The Reds have lost six of their last seven games . Garrett Bailey ( 3 - 3 ) allowed four runs and three hits in four innings for the Reds . He struck out seven and walked none . Reds starter Amir Garrett ( 3 - 8 ) gave up four runs and three hits in four innings .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Cole Hamels has been pitching well lately for the Texas Rangers . Hamels allowed three runs over six innings , Shin-Soo Choo had two hits and two RBI and the Rangers beat the Seattle Mariners 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Hamels ( 10 - 3 ) allowed three runs and six hits over six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The right - hander has gone at least six innings in each of his five starts this season . Alex Claudio pitched a perfect ninth for his eighth save in nine chances . Hamels ( 10 - 3 ) allowed three runs and six hits over six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Alex Claudio pitched a perfect ninth for his eighth save in nine chances . Mitch Haniger had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Kyle Seager also went deep for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Andrew Moore pitched six innings of one - hit ball for the Mariners , giving up four runs and six hits . He struck out one and walked three . Seattle starter Andrew Moore allowed one hit and one run over six innings . He struck out one and walked one . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . Haniger hit a solo homer in the second , and Kyle Seager added a solo shot in the fourth to make it 2 - 1 . It was the second homer of the season for Haniger , who had three hits in his previous two games . Haniger had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third .
BOSTON -- Chris Sale was n't about to let the Tampa Bay Rays get back on track . Andrew Benintendi had three hits and three RBIs , Andrew Benintendi had three hits and three RBIs and the Boston Red Sox beat the Rays 9 - 0 on Tuesday night . Sale ( 16 - 7 ) allowed six hits , struck out eight and walked one in six innings . He struck out eight and lowered his ERA to 2.76 . Dustin Pedroia hit a two - run homer and Mitch Moreland had a two - run double for the Red Sox , who won for the fifth time in six games . Matt Andriese ( 5 - 3 ) gave up eight runs , six earned , and seven hits in 1 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The Red Sox have lost five of their last six games . The Red Sox have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Red Sox have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Red Sox have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Red Sox have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Red Sox have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Red Sox have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Red Sox have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Red Sox have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Red Sox have won five of their last six games and are a season - high seven games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2012 season . The Red Sox have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Red Sox have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 .
WASHINGTON -- Philadelphia Phillies manager Pete Mackanin had no idea what to expect from the Phillies . Maikel Franco homered and Cesar Hernandez had three hits , including a go - ahead single in the sixth inning , and the Phillies beat the Washington Nationals 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Rhys Hoskins , Maikel Franco and Rhys Hoskins also homered for the Phillies , who have won four of five . Mark Leiter Jr. ( 3 - 5 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings for the Phillies . Hector Neris pitched the ninth for his 20th save in 21 chances . Edwin Jackson ( 5 - 5 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is winless in his last five starts . The Nationals have lost five of six . The Nationals have lost five of six . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost five of six . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost five of six . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost five of six . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost five of six . Washington has lost six of seven . Jackson ( 5 - 5 ) allowed five runs and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals have n't had much success against the Minnesota Twins this season . Eric Hosmer had three hits and scored the go - ahead run in the eighth inning , leading the Royals to a 5 - 2 victory over the Twins on Tuesday night . Eric Hosmer had three hits , including a go - ahead single in the eighth inning , and Alex Gordon also homered for the Royals , who won for the seventh time in eight games . The Royals have lost five of six . Mike Minor ( 6 - 6 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win and Brandon Maurer worked the ninth for his 22nd save in 25 chances . The Royals have won six of their last seven games . Mike Minor ( 6 - 6 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Brandon Maurer worked the ninth for his 22nd save in 25 chances . Eduardo Escobar and Byron Buxton hit solo home runs for the Twins , who have lost three of four . Mike Minor ( 6 - 6 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Brandon Maurer worked the ninth for his 22nd save in 25 chances . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost five of six . The Twins have lost five of six . Jose Berrios allowed two runs and eight hits in seven innings .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- The Oakland Athletics have n't had much success against the Houston Astros this season . Khris Davis hit a go - ahead two - run single in the sixth inning , Daniel Gossett pitched six strong innings and the A 's beat the Astros 11 - 1 on Tuesday night . Boog Powell had two hits and two RBI for the A 's , who snapped a three - game losing streak . Daniel Gossett ( 4 - 8 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings for the A 's , who have won four of five . Gossett ( 4 - 8 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings , struck out seven and walked three . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts and is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Gossett ( 4 - 8 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings , struck out seven and walked three . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts and is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Ryan Dull , Ryan Dull and Ryan Dull completed the five - hitter . Charlie Morton ( 11 - 7 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in five innings . He struck out eight and walked three . The A 's scored three runs in the second inning off Charlie Morton ( 11 - 7 ) , who allowed three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in five innings . He struck out eight and walked three . The A 's scored three runs in the second inning , highlighted by Davis ' two - run single .
LOS ANGELES -- Taijuan Walker has been a big part of the Arizona Diamondbacks ' rotation . Walker pitched six innings of four - hit ball , and the Diamondbacks beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Walker ( 9 - 7 ) gave up one run and four hits in six innings , struck out four and walked three . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.46 ERA in his last five starts . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 36th save in 40 chances . Luis Avilan ( 2 - 2 ) gave up two runs and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a fielder 's choice grounder by Cody Bellinger . The Dodgers tied it in the second on a two - out double by Ketel Marte , a double by Ketel Marte and a double by Ketel Marte . Arizona tied it in the second on a two - out double by Ketel Marte , a double by Ketel Marte and a double by Ketel Marte . The Diamondbacks tied it in the second on a two - out double by Ketel Marte , a double by Ketel Marte and a two - out double by Ketel Marte . The Diamondbacks tied it in the second on a two - out double by Ketel Marte . The Dodgers tied it in the second on a two - out double by Ketel Marte , a double by Ketel Marte and an RBI double by Cody Bellinger . The Dodgers tied it in the second on a two - out double by Ketel Marte , who scored on a two - out double by Adam Rosales .
HOUSTON -- Houston Astros manager A. J. Hinch was n't happy with his team 's recent success . The Mets were in the thick of the NL wild - card race , and the Mets have lost four of their last five games . The Mets have lost seven of their last nine games , and the Mets have lost six of their last seven games . The Mets have lost six of their last seven games and have the worst record in the major leagues at 67 - 67 , which is the worst in the majors . The Mets have lost six of seven and are a major league - best 20 - 5 since July 26 . The Mets have lost six of seven . Joe Musgrove ( 7 - 8 ) pitched 2 1/3 scoreless innings for the win and Ken Giles pitched a perfect ninth for his 28th save . Seth Lugo ( 5 - 4 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in five - plus innings for the Mets . He struck out six and walked two . The Mets have lost three straight and six of seven . The Mets have lost six of their last seven games . The Mets have lost six of their last seven games . The Mets have lost six of their last seven games . The Mets have lost six of their last seven games . The Mets have lost six of their last seven games . The Mets have lost six of their last seven games . The Mets have lost six of their last seven games . The Mets have lost six of their last seven games . The Mets have lost five of their last six games . The Mets have lost six of seven .
DENVER -- Taijuan Walker had a simple explanation for his success against the Colorado Rockies . Walker pitched five scoreless innings , pinch - hitter Daniel Descalso hit a pinch - hit three - run homer and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the Rockies 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Walker ( 8 - 7 ) gave up three hits , struck out 10 and walked three in his third start since being recalled from Triple-A Reno . Walker ( 8 - 7 ) gave up three hits , struck out 10 and walked three . He also had an RBI single in the sixth . Kyle Freeland ( 11 - 9 ) allowed three runs and five hits in four innings . He struck out four and walked three . Freeland ( 11 - 9 ) gave up three runs and five hits in four innings . He struck out four and walked three . Freeland ( 11 - 9 ) gave up three runs and five hits in four innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when J. D. Martinez led off with a walk , stole second and scored on a single by Jake Lamb . The Rockies made it 3 - 0 in the third when Pollock singled , stole second , took third on a throwing error by catcher Chris Iannetta and scored on a sacrifice fly by Martinez . The Rockies added three runs in the seventh , highlighted by Descalso 's three - run homer . Arizona added three runs in the seventh , including a three - run homer by Daniel Descalso , who was recalled from Triple-A Reno earlier in the day from Triple-A Reno .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have been waiting for Justin Turner to get to the top of the lineup . Turner hit a three - run homer with two outs in the bottom of the ninth inning , lifting the Dodgers to a 4 - 1 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Wednesday night . Turner hit a three - run homer with two outs in the ninth off John Lackey , giving the Dodgers a 4 - 1 lead in the series opener . Kenley Jansen ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Brian Duensing ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss in relief of Rich Hill , who allowed one run and three hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked five . Kenley Jansen ( 1 - 0 ) struck out two in a perfect ninth for the win . Brian Duensing ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up a two - out single to Charlie Culberson and walking Chris Taylor to start the ninth . Lackey walked Chris Taylor and Logan Forsythe to load the bases before Turner 's three - run homer . Kenley Jansen ( 1 - 0 ) struck out two in a perfect ninth for the win . Dodgers starter Jon Lester gave up one run and three hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked five . The Dodgers tied it in the fifth on Turner 's two - out RBI single that scored Chris Taylor , who walked . The Dodgers tied it in the fifth on Turner 's two - out RBI single that scored Chris Taylor , who walked . The Dodgers tied it in the fifth on Turner 's two - out RBI single .
CLEVELAND -- Francisco Lindor and the Cleveland Indians finally found a way to beat the New York Yankees . Lindor hit a grand slam in the sixth inning , Francisco Lindor hit a grand slam and the Indians beat the Yankees 9 - 8 on Tuesday night . Lindor 's first career grand slam gave the Indians a 7 - 3 lead in the sixth . It was the first grand slam by a Cleveland player since Edwin Encarnacion did it against the New York Yankees in 2006 , according to information provided by the Indians from the Elias Sports Bureau . It was the longest home run in the history of Progressive Field , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . It was the longest home run in the history of the history of Progressive Field , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . It was the longest home run in the history of Progressive Field , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . It was the longest home run in the history of Progressive Field , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . It was the longest home run in the history of Progressive Field , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . It was the longest home run in the history of Progressive Field , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . It was the longest home run in the history of Progressive Field , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . It was the longest home run in the history of Progressive Field , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . It was the longest home run in the history of Progressive Field , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . It was the longest home run in the history of Progressive Field , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . It was the longest home run in the history of Progressive Field , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Bruce connected off David Robertson in the eighth to make it 8 - 8 . Josh Tomlin ( 1 - 0 ) struck out three in two scoreless innings for the win . Gary Sanchez hit a two - run homer in the first for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Aaron Hicks hit a two - run homer in the first for New York , which has lost four of five . The Yankees tied it in the bottom of the first on a two - run single by Carlos Santana . The Yankees tied it in the bottom of the first on a two - out , two - run single by Carlos Santana .
CLEVELAND -- Trevor Bauer did n't need much run support for the Cleveland Indians . Bauer pitched two - hit ball into the seventh inning , Jay Bruce hit a two - run homer and the Indians beat the New York Yankees 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Bauer ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two hits in 6 2/3 innings , struck out eight and walked one . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous seven starts . Cody Allen recorded the final four outs for his first save . Sonny Gray ( 0 - 1 ) lasted only 3 1/3 innings , giving up three runs and three hits . The right - hander walked four and struck out two . The Yankees have lost five of six . The Yankees have lost five of six . The Yankees have lost five of six . The Yankees have lost five of six . The Yankees have lost five of six . New York has lost four of five . The Yankees have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . New York 's Todd Frazier went 0 for 4 , ending his career - best hitting streak at 20 games -- the longest active streak in the majors . New York 's Starlin Castro had two hits for the Yankees , who have lost three straight and five of six . New York has lost three in a row for the first time this season . The Yankees have lost five of their last six games and are 2 - 6 in their last seven games . The Yankees have lost six of seven .
CLEVELAND -- Josh Tomlin did n't need much help from his teammates . Tomlin pitched 5 1/3 innings of four - hit ball , Jay Bruce hit a two - run single and the Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Tomlin ( 10 - 9 ) allowed one run and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter . Tomlin ( 10 - 9 ) allowed one run and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter . Cody Allen struck out two in a perfect ninth for his 30th save . Chris Volstad ( 1 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in six innings . Rob Brantly homered for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Chris Volstad ( 1 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out two . Volstad ( 1 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out two . Volstad ( 1 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out two . Volstad ( 1 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out two . Volstad ( 1 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out two . Volstad ( 1 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out two .
BOSTON -- Collin McHugh did n't have his best stuff of the season . The right - hander allowed three runs and five hits in six innings , striking out eight , and the Houston Astros beat the Boston Red Sox 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . McHugh ( 5 - 2 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He struck out eight and walked one . McHugh ( 5 - 2 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Tyler Clippard pitched the ninth for his fifth save in six chances . Fernando Abad ( 2 - 1 ) gave up two runs and three hits in one - third of an inning . Fernando Abad ( 2 - 1 ) gave up two runs and three hits in one - third of an inning for the Red Sox . Tyler Clippard pitched a perfect ninth for his fifth save in six chances . Boston 's Hector Clippard pitched a perfect ninth for his fifth save . Boston 's Hector Clippard pitched the ninth for his fifth save . Boston 's Hector Clippard pitched the ninth for his fifth save . Boston 's Hector Velazquez pitched the ninth for his fifth save . Boston 's Hector Velazquez pitched the ninth for his fifth save . Boston 's Hector Velazquez pitched the ninth for his fifth save . Boston 's Hector Velazquez pitched the ninth for his fifth save . Boston 's Hector Velazquez pitched the ninth for his fifth save . Boston 's Hector Clippard pitched the ninth for his fifth save . Boston 's Hector Clippard pitched the eighth and Tyler Clippard got three outs for his fifth save .
SEATTLE -- Nelson Cruz 's first home run of the season gave the Seattle Mariners their first win of the season . Cruz hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Felix Hernandez pitched 5 1/3 scoreless innings to lead the Mariners to a 2 - 1 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Cruz hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Corey Kluber ( 0 - 1 ) , who allowed two runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Kluber ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Kluber ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Indians have lost five of their last six games . Kluber ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Indians were coming off a three - game sweep of the Chicago White Sox , who have lost six of seven . Kluber ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Indians were coming off a three - game sweep of the Chicago White Sox in which they were shut out in consecutive games for the first time this season . Kluber ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Indians were coming off a three - game sweep of the New York Yankees .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Khris Davis hit a three - run homer in the fifth inning , and the Oakland Athletics rallied for a 6 - 5 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Davis hit a three - run homer in the fifth inning and added an RBI single in the seventh off Cam Bedrosian ( 0 - 1 ) , who allowed a run and two hits in 1 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Chris Hatcher ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 11th for his first major league win . Noe Ramirez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed a run and two hits in 1 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked three . Cam Bedrosian ( 0 - 1 ) gave up a run on two hits and a walk in 1 1/3 innings in his major league debut . Angels starter Garrett Richards allowed four runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out four . Angels starter Garrett Richards gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out four . The A 's took a 5 - 4 lead in the sixth when Zack Cozart hit his first homer of the season , a towering shot to left - center that landed in the first row of seats in right field . It was the first home run for the A 's in Oakland history . The A 's tied it at 4 in the fifth on a three - run homer by Davis , his first of the season . Richards allowed four runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out four .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Tyler Mahle has been a big part of the Cincinnati Reds ' rotation . Mahle struck out seven in 6 1/3 innings , Adam Duvall hit a solo homer and the Reds beat the Minnesota Twins 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Mahle ( 2 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Jose Berrios ( 2 - 3 ) gave up four runs on five hits and three walks in three - plus innings . Jason Castro had two hits and an RBI for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Jason Castro had two hits and an RBI for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Jason Castro had two hits and an RBI for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Jason Castro had two hits and an RBI for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Jason Castro had two hits and an RBI for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Jason Castro had two hits and an RBI for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Jason Castro had two hits and an RBI for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Jason Castro had two hits and an RBI for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Jason Castro had two hits and an RBI for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Jason Castro had two hits and an RBI for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Jason Castro had two hits and an RBI for the Twins , who have lost four of five .
TORONTO -- Texas Rangers manager Jeff Banister was n't happy with his team 's offense . Joey Gallo hit a two - run homer , Joey Gallo added a two - run shot and the Rangers beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Joey Gallo hit a two - run homer and Nomar Mazara had three hits , including a two - run single in the sixth , and Nomar Mazara had three hits , including a two - run single in the sixth . Mike Minor ( 2 - 1 ) allowed four runs and nine hits in six innings for the Rangers . Keone Kela pitched a perfect ninth for his fifth save in six chances . Toronto 's Mike Minor ( 2 - 1 ) allowed four runs and nine hits in six innings . He walked none and struck out four . Keone Kela pitched the ninth for his fifth save in six chances . Toronto 's Mike Minor ( 2 - 1 ) allowed four runs and nine hits in six innings . He walked none and struck out four . Keone Kela pitched a perfect ninth for his fifth save in six chances . Toronto 's Mike Minor ( 2 - 1 ) allowed four runs and nine hits in six innings . He walked none and struck out four . Keone Kela pitched a perfect ninth for his fifth save in six chances . Toronto 's Justin Smoak went 4 for 4 with two doubles and two RBI for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Justin Smoak had a career - high four hits for the Blue Jays , including a two - run double in the second . The Blue Jays tied it at 4 in the bottom of the first on a two - out RBI single by Kevin Pillar , but Toronto answered with three in the bottom half . Kevin Pillar hit an RBI single and Steve Pearce followed with a two - run double .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Matt Davidson and the Chicago White Sox are enjoying their first season with the White Sox . Davidson homered twice and drove in three runs , Lucas Giolito pitched effectively into the sixth inning and the White Sox beat the Kansas City Royals 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Davidson 's first career leadoff homer came on a 3 - 0 pitch from Jakob Junis ( 3 - 2 ) , who gave up six runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . Junis ( 3 - 2 ) was charged with six runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Jorge Soler hit a two - run homer and Alcides Escobar had an RBI single for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Lucas Giolito ( 1 - 3 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . Joakim Soria pitched the ninth for his third save in as many opportunities . Jorge Soler homered and drove in two runs for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Junis ( 3 - 2 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out five . Royals starter Jakob Junis ( 3 - 2 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out five . Jorge Soler hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Junis ( 3 - 2 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out five .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants have been waiting for a lot to celebrate this season . Brandon Belt hit a two - run homer , Mac Williamson also went deep and the Giants beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Brandon Belt hit a two - run homer and Joe Panik had three hits for the Giants , who have won four of five . Tanner Roark ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Reyes Moronta ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Hunter Strickland pitched the ninth for his fifth save in six chances . Tanner Roark ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings for the Nationals . He struck out four and walked two . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Panik doubled and scored on Belt 's first - inning wild pitch . Belt hit a two - run homer in the third to give the Giants a 3 - 0 lead . It was his first home run since Sept. 28 , 2011 , at San Francisco . Blach allowed three runs and four hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out three . Blach allowed three runs and four hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out three . Blach allowed three runs and four hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out three . Blach allowed three runs and four hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out three . Blach allowed three runs and four hits in five innings .
CLEVELAND -- Ian Happ 's first home run of the season came off Josh Tomlin . Happ hit two home runs , Tyler Chatwood pitched six strong innings and the Chicago Cubs beat the Cleveland Indians 10 - 3 on Tuesday night . Happ ( 1 - 3 ) gave up one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked five . Chatwood ( 1 - 3 ) gave up one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out five , walked five and threw two wild pitches . Willson Contreras and Willson Contreras also homered for the Cubs , who have won four of five . Chatwood ( 1 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked five . Willson Contreras and Willson Contreras also homered for the Cubs , who have won four of five . Josh Tomlin ( 0 - 3 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings . The right - hander has given up four home runs in his last three starts . Tomlin ( 0 - 3 ) was tagged for five runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings . The right - hander has given up four home runs in his last three starts . Tomlin ( 0 - 3 ) was tagged for five runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings . The right - hander has given up four home runs in his last three starts . Schwarber , who had three hits , hit a solo homer in the second and a solo shot in the third . The Cubs added three runs in the seventh , including a run - scoring groundout by Albert Almora and a run - scoring single by Javier Baez .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Johnny Cueto did n't need much run support for the San Francisco Giants . Cueto pitched six scoreless innings , Evan Longoria hit a two - run homer and the Giants beat the Los Angeles Angels 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cueto ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two hits , struck out seven and walked two . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 0.35 ERA in three starts against the Angels this season . Hunter Strickland pitched the ninth for his third save . Joe Panik had three hits for the Giants , who have won three of four . Hunter Strickland pitched the ninth for his third save in five chances . Joe Panik had three hits for the Giants , who have won three of four . Hunter Strickland pitched the ninth for his third save . Joe Panik had three hits for the Giants , who have won three of four . Hunter Strickland pitched the ninth for his third save in five chances . Joe Panik had three hits for the Giants , who have won three of four . Hunter Strickland pitched the ninth for his third save in five chances . Joe Panik had three hits for the Giants , who have won three of four . Hunter Strickland pitched the ninth for his third save . Joe Panik had three hits for the Giants , who have won three of four . Hunter Strickland pitched the ninth for his third save . Joe Panik had three hits for the Giants , who have won three of four . Hunter Strickland pitched the ninth for his third save . Joe Panik had three hits for the Giants , who have won three of four . Hunter Strickland pitched the ninth for his third save in five chances .
PHILADELPHIA -- Aaron Altherr had an RBI single in the 11th inning to lift the Philadelphia Phillies to a 3 - 2 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Altherr led off the 11th with a single off Richard Rodriguez ( 0 - 1 ) , advanced on a wild pitch and scored on Cesar Hernandez 's one - out double to right . Yacksel Rios ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Richard Rodriguez ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss . Elias Diaz hit a two - run homer in the fifth for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Yacksel Rios ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Trevor Williams had a career - high seven strikeouts in six innings for the Pirates . He allowed one hit and two runs with a season - high five walks and seven strikeouts . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth on Elias Diaz 's two - run homer . Pivetta allowed two runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . Pivetta had an RBI double in the fifth and a sacrifice fly in the fifth to tie it at 2 . Pivetta allowed two runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Pivetta gave up two runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Pivetta had an RBI double in the fifth and a sacrifice fly in the fifth . Pivetta allowed two runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings .
NEW YORK -- Jordan Montgomery did n't have his best stuff . The right - hander pitched six innings of four - hit ball , Aaron Judge hit a two - run homer and the New York Yankees beat the Toronto Blue Jays 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Montgomery ( 2 - 0 ) gave up one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . Montgomery ( 2 - 0 ) gave up one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . Marcus Stroman ( 0 - 2 ) gave up eight runs -- six earned -- five hits and four walks in 5 1/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 7.16 ERA in four starts against the Yankees this season . Stroman ( 0 - 2 ) allowed eight runs -- six earned -- and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . Stroman ( 0 - 2 ) gave up a season - high eight runs -- six earned -- and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . Judge hit a two - run homer in the third for a 2 - 0 lead . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with one out in the second , but Montgomery struck out Teoscar Hernandez and Kevin Pillar to end the threat . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with two outs in the second , but Montgomery struck out Kevin Pillar and retired Teoscar Hernandez on a fly to center . Stroman allowed a season - high eight runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings .
NEW YORK -- On a night when the Miami Marlins ' Jarlin Garcia walked off the mound in the sixth inning , the New York Yankees ' rookie right - hander did n't need much help . Garcia pitched one - hit ball for five innings , J. T. Realmuto homered and drove in four runs , and the Marlins roughed up Masahiro Tanaka and the New York Yankees 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Garcia ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one hit in five innings , walked five and struck out two . The right - hander threw 92 pitches , 48 for strikes . Tanaka ( 2 - 2 ) was tagged for seven runs -- five earned -- and seven hits in five innings . He struck out five , walked two and hit a batter . Tanaka ( 2 - 2 ) was tagged for seven runs -- five earned -- and seven hits in five innings . He struck out five , walked two and hit a batter . Tanaka ( 2 - 2 ) was tagged for seven runs -- five earned -- and seven hits in five - plus innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Yankees have lost four of five . Tanaka ( 2 - 2 ) was tagged for seven runs -- five earned -- and seven hits in five - plus innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Yankees have lost four of five . Tanaka ( 2 - 2 ) was tagged for seven runs -- five earned -- and seven hits in five - plus innings . He struck out five and walked two .
SEATTLE -- Sean Manaea has been pitching well for the Oakland Athletics . Manaea pitched seven innings of two - hit ball , Jed Lowrie hit a two - run homer and the A 's beat the Seattle Mariners 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Manaea ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one run and two hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . Blake Treinen got four outs for his third save . Hernandez ( 2 - 2 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Hernandez ( 2 - 2 ) allowed five hits and two runs in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Hernandez ( 2 - 2 ) allowed five hits and two runs in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Hernandez ( 2 - 2 ) allowed five hits and two runs in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Hernandez ( 2 - 2 ) allowed five hits and two runs in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Hernandez ( 2 - 2 ) allowed five hits and two runs in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Hernandez ( 2 - 2 ) allowed five hits and two runs in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Hernandez ( 2 - 2 ) allowed five hits and struck out seven in 6 1/3 innings .
SEATTLE -- Mitch Haniger 's first home run of the season came on a 2 - 2 pitch from reliever Chris Hatcher in the seventh inning and gave the Seattle Mariners a 7 - 4 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . It was Haniger 's first home run of the season , a three - run shot off Chris Hatcher in the seventh inning that gave the Mariners a 5 - 3 lead . It was his first homer of the season and the first of his career . He also had a two - run homer in the seventh inning of the Mariners ' 4 - 3 win over the A 's on Tuesday night . Haniger , who had been on the disabled list with a strained right hamstring , hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning off Chris Hatcher to give the Mariners a 5 - 3 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Hatcher in his first eight appearances . Dan Altavilla ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win and Edwin Diaz worked the ninth for his fifth save . Khris Davis hit two home runs for the A 's , including a two - run shot off Juan Nicasio in the first inning . Davis hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the sixth to give the A 's a 3 - 2 lead . Davis hit a two - run homer in the first off Mike Leake , who allowed seven hits and three runs in six innings . Davis hit a two - run homer in the first off Mike Leake , who allowed seven hits and three runs in six innings . Davis hit a two - run homer in the first off Mike Leake , who allowed seven hits and three runs in six innings . Davis hit a two - run homer in the first off Mike Leake , who allowed seven hits and three runs in six innings .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox needed a win . Matt Davidson hit a two - run homer off Austin Pruitt in the eighth inning , and the White Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Bruce Rondon ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Nate Jones pitched the ninth for his first save . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . Bruce Rondon ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Nate Jones pitched the ninth for his first major league save . Pruitt ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four hits and struck out one in his first major league start . Pruitt ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four hits and struck out one in his first major league start . Pruitt ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four hits and struck out one in his first major league start . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on C. J. Cron 's two - out RBI double . Shields allowed one run and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out six . Shields allowed one run and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out six . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on C. J. Cron 's RBI double . Shields allowed one run and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out six . Shields allowed one run and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out six . Shields allowed one run and four hits in 6 1/3 innings .
LOS ANGELES -- Jed Lowrie and the Oakland Athletics are on a roll . Lowrie hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs , Marcus Semien drove in four runs and the Athletics routed the Los Angeles Dodgers 16 - 6 on Tuesday night . Lowrie had three hits , including a two - run homer in the first inning , and Khris Davis added a two - run shot in the ninth for the A 's , who have won four of five . The Dodgers had 21 hits in the first two games of the series , including a three - run homer by Jed Lowrie in the first inning . Lowrie had three hits , including a two - run homer in the first and a two - run double in the fourth that made it 6 - 1 . Lowrie had three hits , including a solo homer in the fourth , and drove in three runs with a single in the first inning . He had three hits , including a two - run double in the fourth that made it 6 - 1 . Lowrie had three hits , including a solo homer in the fourth that made it 7 - 4 . The Dodgers scored three runs in the sixth to make it 9 - 4 . Matt Olson had three hits , including a run - scoring single , and Jonathan Lucroy had three hits for the A 's , who have won four of five . Daniel Mengden ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and seven hits in five innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The Dodgers scored in the first on Chase Utley 's RBI groundout . Logan Forsythe 's RBI single in the sixth gave the Dodgers a 9 - 4 lead .
MIAMI -- The New York Mets have been waiting for Jeurys Familia to get his first win of the season . Familia struck out the side in the ninth inning for his fifth save in seven chances , and the Mets beat the Miami Marlins 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Familia gave up two hits and struck out three in a scoreless ninth for his fifth save in five chances . The Mets have won four of their past five games . They 're 5 - 0 against the Marlins this season . Jose Urena ( 0 - 2 ) allowed three runs and five hits in five innings for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Jose Urena ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs and five hits in five innings for the Marlins , who have lost three of four . Syndergaard ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Syndergaard ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Syndergaard ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Syndergaard ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Syndergaard ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two .
BOSTON -- Boston Red Sox manager John Farrell said he was n't thinking about pulling closer Alex Colome out of the game . The Red Sox left - hander struck out Mookie Betts to end the eighth inning , and the Red Sox rallied for an 8 - 7 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . The Red Sox trailed 7 - 2 in the eighth , but Alex Colome ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss . Colome ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and four hits in one - third of an inning . Carson Smith ( 1 - 1 ) pitched the eighth for the win . Craig Kimbrel got the last three outs for his third save . Carson Smith ( 1 - 1 ) worked out of a bases - loaded jam in the eighth for the win . Craig Kimbrel got the final three outs for his third save . Colome ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs , four hits and three walks in two - thirds of an inning . Cron hit his first homer of the season , a solo shot in the second , and a run - scoring single by Adeiny Hechavarria in the fifth that made it 7 - 2 . Boston starter Eduardo Rodriguez gave up three runs and five hits in 3 2/3 innings . He struck out seven , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . Cron hit his first homer of the season leading off the second to tie it at 1 . The Red Sox tied it in the second on Jesus Sucre 's sacrifice fly . Cron tied it in the second with his first homer of the season .
CHICAGO -- Mike Fiers and the Detroit Tigers were on their way to a victory . Fiers pitched six innings of three - hit ball , and the Tigers beat the Chicago White Sox 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Fiers ( 1 - 0 ) struck out six and walked one in his first career start against the White Sox . He struck out six and walked one . Shane Greene pitched the ninth for his second save . Reynaldo Lopez ( 0 - 1 ) pitched seven innings for the White Sox , allowing one unearned run and two hits . He struck out five and walked five . Lopez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up only two hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked five . Lopez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up only two hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked five . Lopez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up only two hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked five . Lopez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed one unearned run and two hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked five . Lopez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed one unearned run and two hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked five . Lopez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed one unearned run and two hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked five . Lopez ( 0 - 1 ) , making his first major league start , allowed only two hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked five . Avisail Garcia singled in the seventh for Chicago 's first hit .
MILWAUKEE -- Kris Bryant and the Chicago Cubs are on quite a roll . Bryant hit a go - ahead homer in the sixth inning and the Cubs rallied for four runs in the ninth inning to beat the Milwaukee Brewers 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Bryant hit a leadoff homer in the sixth inning off Milwaukee starter Zach Davies , who allowed one run and four hits in six innings . Pedro Strop ( 2 - 0 ) got two outs for the win . Brandon Morrow pitched a scoreless ninth for his first save . The Cubs ' bullpen has struggled this season , but the Brewers ' bullpen could n't hold a 2 - 1 lead . Pedro Strop ( 2 - 0 ) got two outs for the win . Brandon Morrow pitched the ninth for his first save . Milwaukee starter Zach Davies gave up one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked three . Milwaukee starter Zach Davies gave up one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked three . Milwaukee starter Zach Davies allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked three . Milwaukee starter Zach Davies gave up one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked three . Milwaukee starter Zach Davies gave up one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked three . Milwaukee 's Zach Davies gave up one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked three . Milwaukee 's Zach Davies allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked three .
PITTSBURGH -- Eugenio Suarez has been one of the few bright spots for the Cincinnati Reds . Suarez homered and drove in five runs , Eugenio Suarez had a three - run homer and drove in five runs and the Reds beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Suarez hit a three - run homer off George Kontos ( 0 - 1 ) in the eighth to give the Reds a 7 - 4 lead . Wandy Peralta ( 1 - 0 ) struck out three in two perfect innings for the win . Raisel Iglesias pitched the ninth for his second save . Chad Kuhl allowed two runs and five hits in five innings , striking out seven and walking three . Pittsburgh 's Chad Kuhl allowed two runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Chad Kuhl allowed two runs and five hits in five innings for the Pirates . He struck out seven and walked three . Chad Kuhl allowed two runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Kuhl allowed two runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Kuhl allowed two runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Kuhl allowed two runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Kuhl allowed two runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Kuhl allowed two runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Kuhl allowed two runs and five hits in five innings .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Shohei Ohtani and the Los Angeles Angels are going to have a big hit . Ohtani hit a tiebreaking three - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Angels rallied for a 13 - 9 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Wednesday night . Ohtani connected off Blake Treinen ( 0 - 1 ) for his first homer of the season , a three - run shot that made it 12 - 9 . It was Ohtani 's second homer of the season and first since July 31 , 2011 , against Seattle . Jim Johnson ( 1 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up a solo homer to Matt Olson in the seventh . Jim Johnson ( 1 - 0 ) got the win despite allowing Matt Joyce 's homer in the seventh . Jim Johnson ( 1 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up a solo homer to Matt Olson in the seventh . Matt Olson and Matt Olson homered for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Matt Olson and Matt Olson homered for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Matt Olson and Matt Olson homered for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Oakland 's Matt Olson hit his first homer of the season , a solo shot in the seventh , and Chapman hit a two - run shot in the seventh to give the A 's 8 - 5 lead . It was Ohtani 's second homer of the season and second in two games . He also hit a two - run homer in the first inning of Tuesday night 's 4 - 2 win over the A 's .
HOUSTON -- Houston manager A. J. Hinch was n't happy with his team 's 3 - 2 win over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . The Astros ' 3 - 2 win over the Baltimore Orioles gave the Astros their first three - game winning streak of the season . Brad Peacock ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and five hits with five strikeouts in three innings for his first major league win . Houston starter Dylan Bundy allowed two runs -- one earned -- and five hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Baltimore starter Dylan Bundy allowed two runs -- one earned -- and five hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Baltimore starter Dylan Bundy allowed two runs -- one earned -- and five hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Baltimore starter Dylan Bundy allowed two runs -- one earned -- and five hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Danny Valencia drew a two - out walk and scored on Adam Jones ' fielder 's choice . Keuchel walked Danny Valencia to start the fourth , then gave up a single to Trey Mancini to load the bases . Adam Jones drove in a run with a fielder 's choice . Keuchel walked Danny Valencia with one out in the fourth , then got Manny Machado to ground into a double play . Keuchel walked Danny Valencia with one out in the fourth , then retired the next three batters .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Joey Gallo and the rest of the Texas Rangers are starting to feel good at the plate . Gallo and Joey Gallo each hit solo home runs , Cole Hamels struck out 11 in five innings and the Rangers beat the Oakland Athletics 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Hamels ( 1 - 1 ) allowed one run and four hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out a season - high 11 . Keone Kela pitched the ninth for his first career save . Hamels ( 1 - 1 ) allowed one run and four hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out a season - high 11 . Keone Kela pitched the ninth for his first career save . Chad Pinder hit a solo home run for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Chad Pinder homered for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Chad Pinder hit his first major league home run for the A 's . Chad Pinder hit a solo home run for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Chad Pinder hit a solo home run for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Graveman ( 0 - 1 ) gave up eight hits and four runs in five innings . He walked one and struck out one . Graveman allowed four runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out one . Chad Pinder hit a solo home run in the third for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Graveman allowed four runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out one .
PITTSBURGH -- Colin Moran had a big day at the plate . Moran hit his first career grand slam and Jameson Taillon struck out a career - high nine in 5 1/3 innings to lead the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 5 - 4 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Moran was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . He was called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . Lynn ( 0 - 1 ) was charged with five runs and three hits in four innings . He walked six and struck out three . The Twins have lost five of their last six games . Lynn ( 0 - 1 ) was charged with five runs and three hits in four innings . He walked six and struck out three . The Twins have lost five of their past six games . Minnesota has lost four of five . The Twins
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Shohei Ohtani did n't have his best stuff , but the Los Angeles Angels right - hander did n't need much help . Ohtani allowed three hits over six innings , Andrelton Simmons had three hits and drove in two runs and the Angels beat the Oakland Athletics 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Ohtani ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three hits and three runs -- three earned -- in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Keynan Middleton got the last two outs for his first major league save . Matt Chapman hit a three - run homer for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Ohtani ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three hits and three runs -- three earned -- in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Keynan Middleton got the last two outs for his first major league save . Matt Chapman hit a three - run homer for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Matt Chapman hit a three - run homer in the second inning for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Gossett ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and six hits in four innings . He walked two and did n't strike out a batter for the first time this season . The A 's have lost five of their last six games . Gossett ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and six hits in four innings . He walked two and did n't strike out a batter for the first time in his career . Gossett ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and six hits in four innings .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Hector Velazquez and the Boston Red Sox are on a roll . Velazquez ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and five hits in 5 2/3 innings , and the Red Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Velazquez ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . Joe Kelly pitched the ninth for his first major league save . Jose Alvarado ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss . Jose Alvarado ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss . Jose Alvarado ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing a run and one hit in four innings . Brad Miller hit his first major league homer for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 1 in the fifth when Jackie Bradley Jr. doubled and scored on a single by J. D. Martinez . The Rays tied it at 1 on Rafael Devers ' RBI single in the fifth . Miller hit his first homer of the season in the second . The Rays tied it at 1 on Rafael Devers ' RBI single in the fifth . Miller 's homer in the second gave the Rays a 1 - 0 lead . Tampa Bay tied it at 1 on Rafael Devers ' RBI single in the fifth . Miller cut the deficit to 1 - 0 on his second homer of the season in the second . Rafael Devers put the Red Sox ahead 2 - 1 on a fifth - inning RBI single . Miller 's homer in the second made it 1 - 0 .
SEATTLE -- Wade LeBlanc was just as good as he was in his first start of the season . LeBlanc pitched five innings of four - hit ball , Nelson Cruz hit a two - run homer and the Seattle Mariners beat the Texas Rangers 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . LeBlanc ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . LeBlanc ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . LeBlanc ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . Chasen Bradford worked two scoreless innings and Juan Nicasio worked the ninth for the Mariners , who have won three of four . Mike Minor ( 4 - 4 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . Minor allowed five runs and six hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . Minor gave up five runs and six hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out two . Minor allowed five runs and six hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out two . Minor allowed five runs and six hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out two . Minor allowed five runs and six hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out two . Minor allowed five runs and six hits in five innings .
ATLANTA -- Sean Newcomb did n't need much help from his defense . Newcomb pitched seven strong innings , and the Atlanta Braves beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Newcomb ( 6 - 1 ) gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out two and walked two . Newcomb ( 6 - 1 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out two and walked two . Arodys Vizcaino pitched the ninth for his 10th save . Tanner Roark ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs , seven hits and five walks in 6 2/3 innings for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Tanner Roark ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked five and struck out three . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Anthony Rendon 's sacrifice fly . The Nationals tied it in the third . Trea Turner led off with a single , stole second and scored on Anthony Rendon 's sacrifice fly . The Nationals tied it in the third . Trea Turner led off with a single , stole second and scored on Anthony Rendon 's sacrifice fly . The Nationals tied it at 2 in the third . Trea Turner led off with a single , stole second and scored on Anthony Rendon 's sacrifice fly . The Nationals tied it in the third when Turner tripled and scored on Anthony Rendon 's sacrifice fly . The Nationals tied it at 2 in the third . Trea Turner led off with a single and scored on Anthony Rendon 's sacrifice fly .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Daniel Mengden has been a big part of the Oakland Athletics ' rotation . Matt Chapman hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning , Matt Chapman also went deep and the A 's beat the Tampa Bay Rays 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Matt Chapman hit a two - run homer and Matt Olson added a solo shot for the A 's , who won for just the second time in eight games . Daniel Mengden ( 6 - 4 ) allowed three runs and six hits in eight - plus innings . He struck out five and walked two . Ryne Stanek ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss . Ryne Stanek ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and one hit in 1 1/3 innings . Tampa Bay starter Ryan Yarbrough gave up three runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out a career - high nine . Rays starter Ryan Yarbrough allowed three runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out a career - high nine . Rays starter Ryan Yarbrough allowed three runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out a career - high nine . Rays starter Ryan Yarbrough allowed three runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out a career - high nine . Yarbrough gave up three runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out a career - high nine . Yarbrough gave up three runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out nine .
SAN DIEGO -- pinch - hitter Hunter Renfroe had a pinch - hit , two - run single in the ninth inning to lift the San Diego Padres to a 3 - 2 victory over the Miami Marlins on Tuesday night . Renfroe 's pinch - hit single off Brad Ziegler ( 0 - 5 ) scored pinch - runner Matt Szczur with the winning run . Matt Strahm ( 1 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win . Brad Ziegler ( 0 - 5 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and two hits in one - third of an inning . Matt Strahm ( 1 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Brad Ziegler ( 0 - 5 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and two hits in one - third of an inning . Miami starter Clayton Richard allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . San Diego starter Clayton Richard allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings , struck out five and walked one . San Diego starter Clayton Richard allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Richard allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Richard allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out five . Richard allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out five . Richard allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings , struck out five and walked one . Richard allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings .
ATLANTA -- Charlie Culberson 's first career pinch - hit homer gave the Atlanta Braves a stunning 4 - 3 victory over the New York Mets on Friday night . Culberson hit a game - ending , two - run homer in the ninth inning to give the Braves a 4 - 3 lead . It was Culberson 's first pinch - hit homer of the season , a two - run shot off Seth Lugo ( 1 - 1 ) that gave the Braves a 4 - 3 lead . It was Culberson 's first pinch - hit homer of the season and the second game - ending hit of his career . Culberson , who had been on the disabled list with a strained right hamstring , sent a 1 - 2 pitch from Seth Lugo ( 1 - 1 ) into the right - field seats for his first career pinch - hit homer . Culberson , who had been 0 - for - 13 in the series , hit a 1 - 2 pitch from Seth Lugo ( 1 - 1 ) into the right - field seats for his first career pinch - hit homer . Culberson , who had been 0 - for - 13 in his previous three games , hit a 1 - 2 pitch from Seth Lugo ( 1 - 1 ) into the right - field seats for his first career pinch - hit homer . Culberson , who had been on the disabled list with a strained right hamstring , hit a 1 - 2 pitch from Seth Lugo ( 1 - 1 ) into the right - field seats for his first career pinch - hit homer . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on Devin Mesoraco 's two - out , two - run homer off Shane Carle ( 3 - 1 ) . It was the first homer allowed by deGrom this season . deGrom gave up five hits , one run and three walks in seven innings . He struck out eight .
NEW YORK -- Justin Verlander and the rest of the Houston Astros have been pitching well lately . Verlander pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Jose Altuve hit a solo homer and the Astros beat the New York Yankees 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 7 - 2 ) allowed five hits , struck out five and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Verlander ( 7 - 2 ) allowed five hits , struck out five and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time since July 26 , 2014 . Verlander ( 7 - 2 ) gave up five hits , struck out five and did not walk a batter . The right - hander improved to 4 - 0 in five career starts against the Yankees . The Astros have won five of their last six games and are 6 - 1 against the Yankees this season . Verlander ( 7 - 2 ) gave up five hits , struck out five and did not walk a batter . The right - hander improved to 4 - 0 in five career starts against the Yankees . The Astros have won five of their last six games and are 6 - 1 against the Yankees since the start of the 2012 season . Verlander ( 7 - 2 ) allowed five hits , struck out five and did not walk a batter . The right - hander is 5 - 0 in his last seven starts . The Astros have won five of their last six games and have won five of their last six games . The Astros have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high seven games over .500 for the first time since they were 7 - 1 on April 8 .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- The Kansas City Royals have n't had much success against the Texas Rangers this season . Jason Hammel struck out 10 in 5 1/3 scoreless innings , Drew Butera and Drew Butera homered and the Royals beat the Rangers 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Hammel ( 2 - 5 ) struck out 10 in 5 1/3 innings , allowing four hits and two walks while striking out 10 . Kelvin Herrera pitched the ninth for his 11th save in 14 chances . Cole Hamels ( 3 - 5 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 7.58 ERA in five career starts against the Royals . Hamels ( 3 - 5 ) gave up five runs , five earned , and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . Hamels ( 3 - 5 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Rangers have lost four of five . Hamels ( 3 - 5 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . The right - hander has a 3.74 ERA in four starts since being recalled from Triple-A Oklahoma City on June 8 . Hamels , who has a 3.74 ERA in four starts , has a 3.74 ERA in four starts . He has a 3.74 ERA in four starts . Hamels , who has a 3.74 ERA in four starts , has a 3.74 ERA in four starts . He has a 3.74 ERA in four starts . Hamels , who has a 3.74 ERA in four starts , has a 3.74 ERA in four starts . He has a 3.74 ERA in four starts .
NEW YORK -- The New York Yankees have been waiting for Gleyber Torres to make a big impression on his new team . Torres hit a go - ahead RBI single in the third inning , Masahiro Tanaka won his third straight start and the Yankees beat the Los Angeles Angels 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Tanaka ( 6 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings , striking out eight and walking three . The right - hander is 6 - 0 in his last seven starts . Tanaka ( 6 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked three . Aroldis Chapman worked around a walk in the ninth for his 11th save in 14 chances . The Angels have lost four of five . Masahiro Tanaka ( 6 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked three . Garrett Richards ( 4 - 4 ) gave up three runs and three hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out three . Richards ( 4 - 4 ) gave up three runs and three hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out three . Richards ( 4 - 4 ) gave up three runs and three hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out three . Richards ( 4 - 4 ) gave up three runs and three hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out three . Andrelton Simmons homered for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Richards left after walking Aaron Judge with one out in the third . Jose Alvarez relieved Richards and gave up an RBI grounder to Miguel Andujar .
DETROIT -- Daniel Palka and the Chicago White Sox are starting to come up with a big hit . Anderson homered twice and drove in four runs , and the White Sox beat the Detroit Tigers 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Abreu had four hits , including a three - run homer in the sixth , and added a three - run shot in the sixth to help the White Sox snap a three - game losing streak . The White Sox have won five of their last six games . The White Sox have won five of their last six games , and the White Sox have won five of their last six games . Abreu had four hits , including a three - run homer in the sixth , and added a three - run shot in the sixth . He also hit a solo homer in the fifth and a three - run shot in the sixth . Hector Santiago ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . Jeimer Candelario homered twice and drove in three runs for the Tigers . Hector Santiago ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Jeimer Candelario , his third of the season . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Jeimer Candelario , his third of the season . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Candelario , his third of the season . The White Sox cut the deficit to 2 - 1 in the third on a two - out double by Adam Engel , but the White Sox tied it in the fifth on a solo homer by Palka and a three - run shot by Palka .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Oakland manager Bob Melvin was happy to see the A 's win a series against the AL West leaders . The A 's won their third straight game , beating the Seattle Mariners 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Felix Hernandez ( 5 - 4 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Hernandez ( 5 - 4 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out two . Hernandez ( 5 - 4 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out two . Hernandez ( 5 - 4 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out two . Hernandez ( 5 - 4 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out two . Hernandez ( 5 - 4 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out two . Hernandez ( 5 - 4 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out two . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Mitch Haniger walked , stole second and scored on Kyle Seager 's double - play grounder . The Mariners cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the second on an RBI single by David Freitas and a run - scoring single by David Freitas in the eighth . Hernandez allowed four runs and five hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out two .
WASHINGTON -- Bryce Harper 's first home run of the season gave the Washington Nationals a much - needed win . Harper hit a tiebreaking homer in the fifth inning and the Nationals beat the San Diego Padres 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Harper hit a solo homer in the fifth inning off Jeremy Hellickson , who allowed one run and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . Franchy Cordero homered for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Sean Doolittle ( 2 - 2 ) struck out the side in the ninth to earn the win . Washington 's Eric Lauer allowed one run and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Franchy Cordero hit his first home run of the season . The Padres tied it in the fifth on a two - out homer by Franchy Cordero , his third of the season . The Padres tied it in the fifth on a two - out homer by Franchy Cordero , his third of the season . It was the first run allowed by Hellickson in his first three starts of the season . Lauer allowed one run and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Lauer allowed one run and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Lauer allowed one run and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Lauer allowed one run and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven , walked two and hit a batter .
TORONTO -- The Oakland Athletics have gone to the top of the AL East . Dustin Fowler homered and drove in two runs , Dustin Fowler added a solo shot and the Athletics beat the Toronto Blue Jays 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Fowler hit a leadoff homer in the third inning and added a two - out RBI double in the seventh . Danny Coulombe ( 1 - 1 ) worked 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Blake Treinen struck out the side in the ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . Marco Estrada ( 2 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . Estrada ( 2 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . Estrada ( 2 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . Estrada ( 2 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . Estrada ( 2 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . Estrada ( 2 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked none and struck out six . Estrada ( 2 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . Estrada ( 2 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings .
SAN DIEGO -- The Colorado Rockies ' offense has been a big problem for the Padres . Tyler Anderson pitched effectively into the sixth inning , Gerardo Parra hit a three - run homer and the Rockies beat the San Diego Padres 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Anderson ( 3 - 1 ) allowed four runs , three earned , and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . Anderson ( 3 - 1 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . Wade Davis worked the ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . The Rockies have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Manuel Margot and a throwing error by shortstop Trevor Story . The Padres tied it in the bottom of the inning on Manuel Margot 's RBI single . Lucchesi allowed three runs and six hits in five innings , struck out two and walked one . Lucchesi allowed three runs and six hits in five innings .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants have found a way to beat the Cincinnati Reds . Brandon Belt hit a three - run homer , Brandon Crawford had two hits and drove in three runs and the Giants beat the Reds 10 - 7 on Tuesday night . Brandon Belt hit a two - run double in the first inning and added a two - run double in the sixth to help the Giants snap a four - game losing streak . Kelby Tomlinson drove in two runs and Andrew McCutchen had two hits and drove in a run for the Giants , who have won four of five . Chris Stratton ( 4 - 3 ) allowed four runs and nine hits in five innings for the Giants , who have won three of four . Adam Duvall hit a two - run homer and Scott Schebler had three hits for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Chris Stratton ( 4 - 3 ) allowed four runs , four earned , and nine hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out one . Adam Duvall hit a two - run homer and Scott Schebler had three hits for the Reds , who have lost three of four . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . The Reds have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 .
DETROIT -- Niko Goodrum hit a go - ahead three - run homer in the eighth inning , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Cleveland Indians 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Mike Fiers ( 4 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Jose Ramirez homered for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Carlos Carrasco ( 5 - 2 ) allowed three runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Jose Ramirez homered for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Carlos Carrasco ( 5 - 2 ) allowed three runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Jose Ramirez homered in the first for Cleveland , which has lost four of five . The Indians have lost six of their last seven games . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . Cleveland has lost six of seven . Cleveland 's Greg Allen had three hits for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Carrasco allowed three runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Ramirez hit a solo homer in the first inning , but the Indians tied it in the bottom of the inning on Pete Kozma 's RBI groundout .
MIAMI -- Sean Newcomb was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Newcomb pitched six innings of one - hit ball , Ender Inciarte hit a three - run homer and the Atlanta Braves beat the Miami Marlins 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Newcomb ( 4 - 1 ) struck out six , walked four and hit a batter . He struck out six , walked four and lowered his ERA to 2.51 . Arodys Vizcaino gave up a three - run homer to Justin Bour in the ninth before finishing for his seventh save in nine chances . Jose Urena ( 0 - 6 ) allowed three runs and four hits in six innings for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Jose Urena ( 0 - 6 ) gave up three runs and four hits in six innings for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Urena ( 0 - 6 ) allowed three runs and four hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out five . The Marlins scored in the first when Freddie Freeman led off with a single , stole second and scored on a two - out single by Nick Markakis . Urena allowed three runs and four hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out five . Urena gave up three runs and four hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out five . Urena ( 0 - 6 ) allowed three runs and four hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out five . Urena gave up three runs and four hits in six innings . He walked two , struck out five and hit a batter .
LOS ANGELES -- The Cincinnati Reds are starting to feel good about themselves . Joey Votto hit a two - run homer and Luis Castillo struck out a season - high eight in six innings to lead the Reds to a 5 - 3 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Tuesday night . Castillo ( 3 - 4 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in six innings . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter . Raisel Iglesias pitched the ninth for his seventh save in eight chances . Castillo ( 3 - 4 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in six innings . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter . Raisel Iglesias pitched a perfect ninth for his seventh save in eight chances . The Dodgers have lost five of their last six games . The Dodgers have lost seven of their last nine games . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost four of five . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six .
DETROIT -- Ryon Healy and the rest of the Seattle Mariners ' offense came up with a big hit . Healy hit a three - run homer , Ryon Healy added a three - run shot and the Mariners beat the Detroit Tigers 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Healy hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning and a three - run shot in the fifth to give the Mariners a 6 - 2 lead . It was Seattle 's first home run since July 8 , 2011 , against the Chicago White Sox . Healy , who had three hits , hit a three - run homer in the fifth to give Seattle a 6 - 2 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Michael Fulmer ( 1 - 3 ) , who gave up six runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings . Hernandez ( 5 - 3 ) allowed five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out seven , walked two and hit a batter . Hernandez ( 5 - 3 ) allowed five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Michael Fulmer ( 1 - 3 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out five . Fulmer ( 1 - 3 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out five . Fulmer ( 1 - 3 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out five . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Cano . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Cano . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Seager . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Seager . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Seager . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Seager . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Seager 's RBI single .
DENVER -- Milwaukee Brewers manager Ron Roenicke was n't surprised to see Travis Shaw hit a game - ending RBI single in the 10th inning . Shaw hit a go - ahead single in the 10th inning , lifting the Brewers to an 11 - 10 win over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Pina 's two - out , two - run homer off Wade Davis in the ninth gave the Brewers a 10 - 8 lead . Jeremy Jeffress ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Josh Hader pitched a scoreless 10th for his sixth save in seven chances . The Brewers had a season - high 17 hits , including a season - high seven doubles . Jeremy Jeffress ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Josh Hader pitched the 10th for his sixth save in six chances . The Rockies had a season - high 17 hits , including a season - high seven doubles . Jeremy Jeffress ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Josh Hader pitched the 10th for his sixth save in six chances . Milwaukee starter Chad Bettis allowed seven runs and 10 hits in five - plus innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Ryan Braun and a run - scoring single by Christian Yelich . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Ryan Braun and a run - scoring single by Christian Yelich . Bettis allowed seven runs and 10 hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out three .
SAN DIEGO -- Jeremy Hellickson gave the Washington Nationals a glimpse of the future . Hellickson pitched shutout ball into the seventh inning , and the Nationals beat the San Diego Padres 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Hellickson ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two hits and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out eight and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . Brandon Kintzler and Brandon Kintzler each pitched a scoreless inning to finish the two - hitter . Hellickson ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two hits in 6 2/3 innings , struck out eight and walked none . The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his six starts this season . Brandon Kintzler and Brandon Kintzler each pitched a scoreless inning to finish the two - hitter . Clayton Richard ( 1 - 5 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in a career - high eight innings . He struck out a season - high eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . San Diego 's Clayton Richard ( 1 - 5 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in a career - high eight innings . He struck out a season - high eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . San Diego 's Clayton Richard ( 1 - 5 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in a career - high eight innings . He struck out a season - high eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . San Diego 's Clayton Richard ( 1 - 5 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in eight innings . He struck out a season - high eight .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Jose Iglesias hit a two - run homer in the first inning , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Texas Rangers 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Victor Martinez and Victor Martinez also homered for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Mike Fiers ( 3 - 2 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . Shane Greene struck out three in a scoreless ninth for his seventh save in eight chances . Mike Fiers ( 3 - 2 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Shane Greene struck out the side in the ninth for his seventh save in eight chances . Mike Fiers ( 3 - 2 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Victor Martinez hit a two - run homer in the first inning for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Mike Fiers ( 3 - 2 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Rangers have lost four of five . Minor ( 3 - 2 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Rangers have lost four of five . Minor allowed seven hits and five runs in seven innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season .
CHICAGO -- Eddie Rosario had a big night at the plate . Rosario hit a two - run homer and drove in five runs , Lance Lynn pitched six effective innings and the Minnesota Twins beat the Chicago White Sox 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Rosario had a career - high five RBI , including a two - run homer in the third , and added a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth . He also had a run - scoring single in the first inning and a two - run double in the fourth . Lance Lynn ( 1 - 3 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter . Hector Santiago ( 0 - 1 ) was tagged for eight runs and six hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked six and struck out two . Santiago ( 0 - 1 ) gave up eight runs , six earned , and six hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked six and struck out two . Santiago ( 0 - 1 ) allowed eight runs , six earned , and six hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked six and struck out two . The White Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Eduardo Escobar and a run - scoring single by Rosario . The White Sox cut the lead to 3 - 1 in the bottom of the first on Jose Abreu 's RBI single . The White Sox cut it to 3 - 1 in the bottom of the first on Jose Abreu 's RBI single and a run - scoring single by Jose Abreu . The White Sox cut it to 3 - 1 in the bottom of the first on Jose Abreu 's RBI single and a run - scoring single by Jose Abreu . The White Sox cut the lead to 3 - 1 in the bottom of the first on Jose Abreu 's RBI single . The White Sox cut the lead to 3 - 1 in the bottom of the first on Jose Abreu 's RBI single .
NEW YORK -- Gleyber Torres had a big night for the New York Yankees . Torres hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning , and the Yankees rallied from a five - run deficit to beat the Cleveland Indians 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Gary Sanchez and Gary Sanchez also homered for the Yankees , who won for the fifth time in six games and improved to 6 - 1 against the Indians this season . New York has won three straight and five of six overall . The Yankees have won six of their last seven games and have the best record in the American League . New York has won seven of its last eight games against the AL Central leaders . The Indians have won seven of their last nine games and have the best record in the American League . New York has won seven of its last eight games against the Indians . The Indians have won seven of their last eight games and have the best record in the American League . New York has won seven of its last eight games against the Indians . The Indians have lost four of five . Bradley Zimmer hit a three - run homer off David Robertson in the eighth , and Jose Ramirez hit a two - run homer off David Robertson in the eighth . Aroldis Chapman ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Jose Ramirez hit a tying , three - run homer off David Robertson in the eighth , and Jose Ramirez hit a two - run homer off David Robertson in the eighth . Aroldis Chapman ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Jose Ramirez hit a three - run homer off David Robertson in the eighth , and Jose Ramirez hit a two - run homer off David Robertson in the eighth to make it 5 - 5 . The Indians tied it in the top of the eighth on Bradley 's three - run homer off David Robertson , who gave up four runs in the eighth . Chasen Shreve gave up a three - run homer to Bradley Zimmer and a two - run shot by Ramirez .
ST. LOUIS -- The St. Louis Cardinals got a big lift from Matt Carpenter and Tommy Pham . Carpenter hit a tiebreaking homer in the ninth inning and the Cardinals beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Bud Norris ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Tommy Pham led off the bottom of the ninth with a home run off Joakim Soria ( 0 - 1 ) . Bud Norris ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Tommy Pham led off the bottom of the ninth with a home run off Joakim Soria ( 0 - 1 ) . Bud Norris ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Yoan Moncada drove in two runs for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Yoan Moncada had a two - run double for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Wacha allowed two runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked three . Shields allowed two hits , struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . Wacha allowed two runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked three . Shields allowed one run and two hits in six innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Shields struck out four and walked none in his first career start against the Cardinals . He struck out four and did not walk a batter for the first time this season .
CHICAGO -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting for someone to get to the top of the batting order . The White Sox have lost six of seven and have the worst record in the American League . Max Kepler drew a bases - loaded walk in the 13th inning to give the Twins a 2 - 1 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Logan Morrison also homered for the Twins , who won for just the second time in nine games . Alan Busenitz ( 2 - 0 ) escaped a bases - loaded jam in the top of the 13th to earn the win . Hector Santiago ( 2 - 3 ) took the loss for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Lucas Giolito pitched 6 1/3 innings for the White Sox , allowing one run and four hits . He struck out three and walked four . Lucas Giolito pitched 6 1/3 innings for the White Sox , allowing one run and four hits . He struck out three and walked four . Lucas Giolito pitched 6 1/3 innings for the White Sox , giving up one run and four hits . He struck out three and walked four . Morrison led off the seventh with a homer to left - center to give the Twins a 1 - 0 lead . Morrison led off the seventh with a drive into the left - field seats for a 1 - 0 lead . Morrison led off the seventh with a drive to right for his 12th homer of the season . Morrison led off the seventh with a drive to right for his 12th homer of the season . Giolito allowed one run and four hits in 6 1/3 innings .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Brandon Crawford 's first game - ending home run this season was just a matter of time . Crawford hit a game - ending home run in the bottom of the ninth inning , lifting the San Francisco Giants to a 1 - 0 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Crawford hit a 1 - 1 pitch from Harrison Musgrave ( 0 - 3 ) into the right - field seats for his first career game - ending homer . It was Crawford 's first career game - ending homer . Reyes Moronta ( 4 - 1 ) got two outs in the ninth to earn the win . Giants starter Kyle Freeland pitched seven scoreless innings , allowing four hits , striking out four and walking one . Reyes Moronta ( 4 - 1 ) retired the only two batters he faced in the top of the ninth to earn his first major league win . Will Smith , Will Smith , Will Smith and Will Smith combined to pitch four scoreless innings for the Giants . Reyes Moronta ( 4 - 1 ) retired two batters for the win . Will Smith , Will Smith and Will Smith combined to pitch four scoreless innings for the Giants . Bumgarner allowed two hits , walked two and struck out eight in seven innings . He struck out eight and lowered his ERA to 2.51 . The Rockies have lost four of five . Freeland was lifted for a pinch hitter after seven innings . He allowed four hits , struck out four and walked one . The Rockies have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Freeland pitched seven scoreless innings , allowing four hits and striking out four .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Nathan Eovaldi has been pitching well for the Tampa Bay Rays . Eovaldi pitched six innings of one - hit ball , and the Rays beat the Washington Nationals 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Eovaldi ( 2 - 3 ) struck out nine and walked two . The right - hander was coming off a three - hit shutout against the New York Yankees last week , but he was able to keep the Nationals off - balance with his fastball . Eovaldi ( 2 - 3 ) struck out nine and walked two in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained right elbow . He has allowed three runs or fewer in each of his last seven starts . Eovaldi ( 2 - 3 ) struck out nine and walked two . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in four starts against the Nationals this season . Sergio Romo got the final two outs for his sixth save . Scherzer ( 10 - 4 ) gave up four hits , three walks and struck out four in seven innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last seven starts . Scherzer ( 10 - 4 ) gave up four hits , three walks and struck out four in seven innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last seven starts . Scherzer ( 10 - 4 ) gave up four hits , three walks and struck out four in seven innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last seven starts . Scherzer ( 10 - 4 ) gave up four hits , three walks and struck out four in seven innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last seven starts .
DENVER -- Miami Marlins manager Walt Weiss said he was n't thinking about his team 's recent struggles . The Marlins ' offense did n't get much better against the Colorado Rockies . Justin Bour had two hits and drove in two runs , pinch - hitter Lewis Brinson drove in the go - ahead run with a triple in the seventh inning and the Marlins beat the Rockies 8 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Marlins took two of three from the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Nolan Arenado hit a two - run homer for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Nolan Arenado hit a two - run homer in the first for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Drew Rucinski ( 2 - 1 ) gave up three runs in 2 2/3 innings . Kyle Barraclough pitched a perfect ninth for his seventh save in nine chances . German Marquez ( 5 - 8 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Marquez ( 5 - 8 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Marquez ( 5 - 8 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Marquez ( 5 - 8 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Marquez ( 5 - 8 ) allowed six runs -- five earned -- and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings .
NEW YORK -- Cody Bellinger hit two home runs , including a go - ahead shot in the 11th inning , and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the New York Mets 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Cody Bellinger homered twice and Max Muncy also went deep for the Dodgers , who won for the fifth time in six games . The Dodgers have won five of their last six games and have the best record in the majors at 26 - 25 . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games and have won five of their last six games . Daniel Hudson ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Max Muncy led off the game with a home run and Max Muncy also went deep for the Dodgers . Daniel Hudson ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Kenley Jansen pitched the 11th for Los Angeles , which has won four of five . Daniel Hudson ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Kenley Jansen pitched the 11th for Los Angeles , which has won four of five . Daniel Hudson ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Dodgers starter Rich Hill allowed four runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . Rich Hill gave up four runs and five hits in five innings for the Dodgers . He struck out five and walked one . Rich Hill gave up four runs and five hits in five innings for the Dodgers . He struck out five and walked one . Rich Hill gave up four runs and five hits in five innings .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Tampa Bay Rays have been waiting for Wilmer Font to get his first win of the season . Font and three relievers combined on a four - hitter , Willy Adames homered and the Rays beat the New York Yankees 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Font ( 1 - 3 ) allowed three hits and struck out four in 5 2/3 innings for his first major league win . The right - hander was recalled from Triple-A Durham earlier in the day . Font ( 1 - 3 ) allowed three hits , walked one and struck out four in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in four starts since being recalled from Triple-A Durham on Aug. 1 . Chaz Roe and Sergio Romo each pitched a scoreless inning to complete the four - hitter . Sonny Gray ( 5 - 5 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Gray ( 5 - 5 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven , walked one and hit a batter with a pitch . The Yankees have lost six of their last seven games . Gray ( 5 - 5 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Yankees have lost five of their last six games . Gray ( 5 - 5 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Yankees have lost five of their last six games and have dropped five of six .
CHICAGO -- Franklin Barreto had a big night at the plate . Barreto homered twice and drove in a career - high six runs , Sean Manaea pitched seven strong innings and the Oakland Athletics routed the Chicago White Sox 11 - 2 on Tuesday night . The A 's have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2012 season . The A 's have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . The A 's have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2012 season . Oakland has won five of its last six games . The A 's have won five of their last six games . The White Sox have lost four of five . Oakland has won five of its last six games . The White Sox have lost four of five . Shields ( 2 - 9 ) gave up eight runs -- two earned -- and five hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Shields ( 2 - 9 ) gave up eight runs -- two earned -- and five hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Shields ( 2 - 9 ) gave up eight runs -- two earned -- and five hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Shields ( 2 - 9 ) gave up eight runs -- two earned -- and five hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Shields ( 2 - 9 ) gave up eight runs -- two earned -- and five hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Shields ( 2 - 9 ) allowed eight runs -- two earned -- and five hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants have been waiting for Clayton Richard to find a way to beat the San Francisco Giants . Richard pitched six solid innings and Eric Hosmer drove in two runs as the Padres beat the Giants 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Richard ( 7 - 6 ) allowed two runs and three hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Padres have won six of their last seven games . Richard ( 7 - 6 ) allowed two runs and three hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Padres have won four of their last five games . Richard ( 7 - 6 ) allowed two runs and three hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Padres have lost five of their last six games . Chris Stratton ( 8 - 5 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter . Stratton ( 8 - 5 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . San Francisco took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Pablo Sandoval hit an RBI double and scored on Pablo Sandoval 's first - inning wild pitch . Pablo Sandoval 's RBI single in the seventh made it 3 - 2 .
NEW YORK -- The New York Yankees are starting to look like a team with the best record in the majors . Miguel Andujar and Miguel Andujar each hit a two - run homer , Domingo German pitched seven solid innings and the Yankees beat the Seattle Mariners 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . German ( 2 - 4 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and two hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . German ( 2 - 4 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and two hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . Marco Gonzales ( 7 - 4 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings for the Mariners . He struck out five and walked one . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners have lost four of five . Marco Gonzales ( 7 - 4 ) gave up a season - high six runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . Gonzales ( 7 - 4 ) gave up a season - high six runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . He has given up eight home runs in his last four starts . The Mariners have lost four of five . Gonzales ( 7 - 4 ) gave up a season - high six runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Mariners have lost four of five .
PITTSBURGH -- Freddy Peralta did n't allow a hit until Starling Marte 's two - out homer in the eighth inning , and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Peralta ( 2 - 0 ) struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter . Corey Knebel pitched the ninth for his seventh save . Jesus Aguilar hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Jesus Aguilar added a solo shot in the eighth . Corey Knebel pitched the ninth for his seventh save in seven opportunities . Milwaukee starter Jameson Taillon ( 4 - 6 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Starling Marte hit a solo homer in the eighth for Pittsburgh , which has lost four of five . Taillon ( 4 - 6 ) was charged with three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Pirates have lost four of five . Taillon allowed seven hits and three runs in five innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Taillon has lost his last three starts and is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . He has given up three runs or fewer in each of his past five starts . The Pirates have lost six of their past seven games . Taillon allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Marte hit a solo home run in the eighth off Jeremy Jeffress to pull Pittsburgh within 3 - 2 .
HOUSTON -- Houston manager A. J. Hinch was n't happy with his team 's comeback . Yuli Gurriel hit a two - run double with one out in the ninth inning and the Astros rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Altuve singled off Sergio Romo ( 1 - 2 ) with one out in the ninth and scored on a single by Alex Bregman to give the Astros a 5 - 4 lead . Collin McHugh ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Houston starter Gerrit Cole allowed three hits and four runs in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked five . Joey Wendle hit a two - run single in the third for Tampa Bay , which has lost four of five . Collin McHugh ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Houston starter Gerrit Cole allowed three hits and four runs in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked five . Joey Wendle hit a two - run single in the third for Tampa Bay , which has lost four of five . Rays starter Gerrit Cole allowed three hits and four runs in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked five . Houston starter Gerrit Cole allowed three hits and four runs in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked five . Houston starter Gerrit Cole allowed three hits and four runs in seven innings . He struck out eight . Houston starter Gerrit Cole allowed three hits and four runs in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked five . Cole allowed three hits and four runs with eight strikeouts in seven innings .
CHICAGO -- Blaine Hardy did n't need much help from his defense . Hardy pitched effectively into the sixth inning , Nick Castellanos hit a two - run homer and the Detroit Tigers beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Hardy ( 3 - 1 ) allowed one run and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Joe Jimenez struck out the side in the ninth for his second save in three chances . James Shields ( 2 - 8 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings for Chicago , which has lost four of five . The White Sox lost for the fifth time in six games . James Shields ( 2 - 8 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings for Chicago , which has lost four of five . The White Sox lost for the fifth time in six games . Shields ( 2 - 8 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked four . Shields ( 2 - 8 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked four . Shields ( 2 - 8 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked four . The White Sox have lost five of six . Shields ( 2 - 8 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked four . The White Sox threatened in the second , loading the bases with one out . But Hardy struck out Charlie Tilson and retired Adam Engel on a fly ball .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Angels manager Mike Scioscia was n't happy with his team 's offense . Ian Kinsler hit a solo home run in the fourth inning and the Angels beat the Oakland Athletics 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Tyler Skaggs ( 6 - 4 ) allowed two unearned runs in seven innings , struck out eight and walked one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 2.70 ERA in his last four starts . Skaggs ( 6 - 4 ) gave up two runs -- none earned -- and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The A 's have lost five of their last six games . Tyler Skaggs ( 6 - 4 ) allowed two runs -- none earned -- and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Chris Bassitt ( 0 - 2 ) gave up six runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in four - plus innings for the A 's . He walked one and struck out three . Oakland starter Chris Bassitt ( 0 - 2 ) gave up six runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in four innings . He walked one and struck out three . The A 's scored an unearned run in the eighth off Cam Bedrosian , who gave up a run - scoring wild pitch and a wild pitch . Marcus Semien hit an RBI double in the fifth and Marcus Semien added an RBI double in the fifth to make it 8 - 2 . Oakland added an unearned run in the eighth on a wild pitch by Carlos Ramirez .
MIAMI -- Trevor Richards did n't allow a hit until Evan Longoria 's one - out single in the fourth inning , and the Miami Marlins went on to beat the San Francisco Giants 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Richards ( 1 - 3 ) allowed one run and two hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked three . Richards ( 1 - 3 ) allowed one run and two hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked three . Kyle Barraclough pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save in five chances . Chris Stratton ( 7 - 4 ) allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings for the Giants . He struck out three and walked three . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Joe Panik led off with a double and scored on Brandon Crawford 's groundout . Brandon Crawford 's RBI groundout in the first gave the Giants a 1 - 0 lead . Stratton allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked three . Stratton allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked three . Stratton allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked three . Stratton allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked three . Stratton allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked three . Stratton allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked three . Stratton allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings .
BALTIMORE -- The Boston Red Sox did n't need much help from the Baltimore Orioles . Rafael Devers hit a two - run homer in the second inning , Rafael Devers added a two - run shot and the Red Sox beat the Orioles 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Eduardo Rodriguez ( 8 - 1 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Red Sox , who took two of three from the AL East leaders . Craig Kimbrel ( 2 - 3 ) gave up five runs and five hits in 3 1/3 innings for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Eduardo Rodriguez ( 8 - 1 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning when Danny Valencia hit a two - out RBI single and scored on a two - out single by Danny Valencia . In the third , Benintendi hit a two - run homer , and Benintendi hit a two - run drive in the second . Hess gave up five runs , five hits and four walks in 3 1/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.66 ERA in four starts against the Red Sox this season . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the first inning when Danny Valencia hit a two - out RBI single and scored on a two - out single by Danny Valencia . In the third , Hess walked the bases loaded with one out before Devers hit a drive into the left - field seats . Hess gave up five runs and five hits in 3 1/3 innings .
PHOENIX -- The Arizona Diamondbacks ' offense has been a problem for the Diamondbacks . Jake Lamb hit a three - run homer , Jake Lamb hit a three - run shot and the Diamondbacks beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Jake Lamb hit a three - run homer and Daniel Descalso had a two - run triple for the Diamondbacks , who trailed 5 - 0 in the seventh inning . Archie Bradley ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Kyle Crick ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing two runs in one - third of an inning . Archie Bradley ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Joe Musgrove gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in six - plus innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by David Freese . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by David Freese . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Musgrove got out of the jam by striking out Paul Goldschmidt and Paul Goldschmidt . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by David Freese . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Musgrove got out of the jam by striking out Paul Goldschmidt and getting Paul Goldschmidt to fly out .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Seattle Mariners had a chance to win the game . Kyle Seager hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the sixth inning , James Paxton struck out 10 in seven innings and the Mariners beat the Tampa Bay Rays 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Kyle Seager added a two - run homer in the seventh for the Mariners , who won for just the second time in eight games . Paxton ( 6 - 1 ) allowed three runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out 10 and did not walk a batter . Edwin Diaz pitched the ninth for his major league - leading 23rd save . Paxton ( 6 - 1 ) allowed three runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out 10 and did not walk a batter . Edwin Diaz pitched the ninth for his major league - leading 23rd save . Seattle starter Nathan Eovaldi gave up three runs and four hits in five - plus innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Mariners have lost five of six . The Rays have lost five of six . The Rays have lost five of six . The Rays have lost five of six . The Rays have lost five of six . The Rays have lost five of six . The Rays have lost five of six . The Rays have lost five of six . The Rays have lost five of six . The Rays have lost five of six . Rays starter Nathan Eovaldi gave up three runs and four hits in five - plus innings . He struck out three and walked none .
DETROIT -- Corey Kluber has been the Cleveland Indians ' ace . The right - hander allowed five hits , struck out eight and walked none in eight innings to lead the Indians to a 9 - 2 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Kluber ( 10 - 2 ) allowed five hits , struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Kluber ( 10 - 2 ) allowed five hits , struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Indians have won five of their last six games . Cleveland has won five of its last six games . The Indians have lost five of six . The Tigers have lost four of five . Detroit has lost four of five . The Tigers have lost five of six . Detroit has lost four of five . The Tigers have lost five of six . Detroit has lost five of seven . The Tigers have lost four of five . Detroit has lost five of seven . The Tigers have lost four of five . The Tigers have lost five of their last six games . The Tigers have lost five of their last six games . The Tigers have lost five of their last six games . The Tigers have lost five of their last six games . The Tigers have lost five of their last six games . The Tigers have lost five of their last six games . The Tigers have lost five of their last six games . The Tigers have lost five of their last six games .
WASHINGTON -- The San Francisco Giants have been shut out in three of their last four games . Brandon Crawford had four hits , including a two - run homer , and Derek Holland pitched five scoreless innings to lead the Giants to a 2 - 0 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . Crawford had four hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth inning , and Derek Holland ( 4 - 6 ) allowed three hits in five scoreless innings . Hunter Strickland pitched the ninth for his 13th save . Scherzer ( 10 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out nine , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . Scherzer ( 10 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked three . Scherzer ( 10 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out nine , walked three and hit a batter . Scherzer ( 10 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out nine , walked three and hit a batter . Scherzer ( 10 - 2 ) gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked three . The Nationals have lost four of five . Scherzer ( 10 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out nine , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . He has allowed three earned runs or less in each of his last five starts . Scherzer ( 10 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked three .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Brandon Crawford 's first game - ending hit in the big leagues was just a matter of time . Crawford hit a game - ending single in the 10th inning to lift the San Francisco Giants to a 5 - 4 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night . Andrew McCutchen led off the 10th with a single against Andrew Chafin ( 0 - 2 ) and advanced to third on Andrew McCutchen 's single . Andrew Chafin ( 0 - 2 ) walked Joe Panik to load the bases , and pinch - hitter Alen Hanson hit a tying , two - run homer to tie the game . Andrew Chafin ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Paul Goldschmidt had four hits and drove in two runs for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Paul Goldschmidt had four hits and drove in two runs for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Paul Goldschmidt had four hits and drove in two runs for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Paul Goldschmidt had four hits and drove in two runs for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Paul Goldschmidt had four hits and drove in two runs for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Paul Goldschmidt had four hits and drove in two runs for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Paul Goldschmidt had four hits and drove in two runs for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Paul Goldschmidt had four hits for the Diamondbacks , including a two - run double in the third . Goldschmidt had an RBI double in the fifth and a double in the sixth to give the Diamondbacks a 4 - 2 lead .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Jurickson Profar had a big night for the Texas Rangers . Profar homered twice and drove in five runs , Bartolo Colon won his third straight start and the Rangers beat the Oakland Athletics 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Profar homered in the first inning and hit a two - run shot in the fourth for a 6 - 0 lead . It was the second multihomer game of Profar 's career and his first since Sept. 28 , 2011 , against Seattle . He also hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning of a 4 - 2 victory over the A 's on Tuesday night . The Rangers have won five of their last six games and have the best record in the American League . Colon ( 3 - 3 ) allowed two runs and six hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out one . Khris Davis hit a two - run homer for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Khris Davis hit a two - run homer in the fifth for the A 's , who have lost four of five . The A 's have lost five of six . The A 's have lost five of six . The A 's have lost five of six . Oakland has lost four of five . The A 's have lost five of six . Oakland has lost four of five . The A 's have lost five of six . Mengden ( 6 - 5 ) gave up six runs and five hits in four - plus innings . He struck out three and walked three . The A 's have lost five of six .
WASHINGTON -- Max Scherzer did n't need much run support for the Washington Nationals . Scherzer struck out a season - high 13 in eight innings , Matt Adams homered and the Nationals beat the Tampa Bay Rays 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Scherzer ( 10 - 1 ) allowed two runs and five hits in eight innings . He walked none and struck out a season - high 13 . Sean Doolittle pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save . Nathan Eovaldi ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked one . Eovaldi ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Nationals have lost five of their last six games . The Rays have lost five of their last six games . The Rays have lost five of their last six games . The Rays have lost five of their last six games . The Rays have lost five of their last six games . The Rays have lost five of their last six games . Eovaldi allowed four runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out four , walked one and hit a batter with a pitch . Eovaldi allowed four runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out four , walked one and hit a batter with a pitch . Eovaldi gave up four runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked one . Eovaldi gave up four runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked one . Eovaldi gave up four runs and four hits in five innings .
NEW YORK -- Alex Cobb and the Baltimore Orioles are on a roll . Cobb pitched two - hit ball over six innings , Manny Machado drove in the go - ahead run and the Orioles beat the New York Mets 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Cobb ( 2 - 7 ) gave up one run and two hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Brad Brach pitched the ninth for his ninth save . Jason Vargas ( 2 - 4 ) gave up two runs and five hits in five innings for the Mets . He struck out four and walked one . Cobb ( 2 - 7 ) allowed one run and two hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Brad Brach pitched the ninth for his ninth save in nine chances . Jason Vargas ( 2 - 4 ) gave up two runs and five hits in five innings for the Mets . He struck out four and walked one . The Mets have lost five of six . Vargas ( 2 - 4 ) gave up two runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Mets have lost six of their last seven games . Vargas ( 2 - 4 ) gave up two runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Mets have lost six of their last seven games and have dropped eight of their last 10 overall . Vargas ( 2 - 4 ) gave up two runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Mets have lost five of six .
SEATTLE -- Mitch Haniger has been a big part of the Seattle Mariners ' late - season surge . Haniger hit a leadoff home run in the 13th inning to give the Mariners a 4 - 3 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . It was Seattle 's first walk - off win of the season . Roenis Elias ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two hits in two scoreless innings for his first major league win . Mitch Haniger led off the 13th with a home run off Matt Andriese ( 1 - 3 ) to give the Mariners a 4 - 3 lead . Andriese ( 1 - 3 ) took the loss in relief of Austin Pruitt , who allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . Johnny Field hit his first homer of the season for Tampa Bay , a solo shot in the fifth that cut the Rays ' lead to 3 - 2 . Seattle starter Austin Pruitt gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Rays starter Austin Pruitt , recalled from Triple-A Durham earlier in the day , allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Pruitt allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Pruitt allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Pruitt allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Pruitt allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting for Eduardo Escobar to come through in a big way . Escobar hit two home runs and drove in four runs , Eduardo Escobar homered twice and the Twins beat the Cleveland Indians 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Escobar hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the seventh , giving the Twins a 7 - 4 lead . Jose Berrios ( 6 - 5 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings for the Twins . Fernando Rodney pitched a perfect ninth for his 12th save in 14 chances . Carlos Carrasco ( 6 - 4 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Jose Berrios ( 6 - 5 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings for the Twins . Fernando Rodney pitched a perfect ninth for his 12th save in 14 chances . Carlos Carrasco ( 6 - 4 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last seven starts . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost four of five . Carrasco was charged with six runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings . He has lost four of his last five starts . The Indians have lost five of their last six games and have scored only seven runs in their last five games . Carrasco was pulled after 3 2/3 innings , giving up six runs and seven hits . He walked three and struck out two . The Indians have lost four of five .
PITTSBURGH -- Gregory Polanco and the Pittsburgh Pirates did n't have much to celebrate . Polanco hit a go - ahead homer in the eighth inning and the Pirates beat the Chicago Cubs 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . David Freese had two hits and drove in two runs for the Pirates , who have won four of five . Jameson Taillon ( 8 - 8 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Pirates . Felipe Rivero worked the ninth for his 24th save . Lester ( 12 - 4 ) gave up four runs , seven hits and three walks in five innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Pirates have lost four of five . Lester ( 12 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked three . The Pirates have lost four of five . Lester ( 12 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked three . The Pirates have lost four of five . Lester ( 12 - 4 ) gave up four runs , seven hits and three walks in five innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Pirates have lost five of six . Baez 's three - run homer in the fourth tied the game at 3 - 3 . Baez had three hits , including a three - run homer in the fourth that tied the game at 3 . Baez had three hits , including a three - run homer in the fourth that tied the game at 3 .
MIAMI -- Jose Urena pitched six innings of one - hit ball , and the Miami Marlins beat the Washington Nationals 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Urena ( 3 - 10 ) allowed one hit , walked four and struck out five in six innings . He also drove in a run with a double in the fifth . Urena ( 3 - 10 ) allowed one hit in six innings . He struck out five and walked four . Jeremy Hellickson ( 4 - 2 ) allowed five runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings for the Nationals . He struck out four and walked none . Hellickson ( 4 - 2 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Hellickson ( 4 - 2 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Hellickson ( 4 - 2 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Hellickson ( 4 - 2 ) allowed five runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Miguel Rojas . The Nationals took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on Miguel Rojas ' RBI single .
HOUSTON -- Mike Minor was n't as sharp as he was in his previous start , when he gave up a home run to White Sox first baseman Adrian Beltre in the first inning of a game at Minute Maid Park . Minor ( 7 - 6 ) struck out eight in six innings , and the Texas Rangers held on for a 4 - 3 victory over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . Minor ( 7 - 6 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Keone Kela pitched the ninth for his 24th save . Lance McCullers ( 10 - 6 ) struck out a season - high 11 in 5 1/3 innings . He allowed four runs and six hits with a season - high 11 strikeouts . Houston starter Mike Minor ( 7 - 6 ) allowed four hits and two runs with eight strikeouts in six innings . Keone Kela pitched the ninth for his 24th save . Lance McCullers ( 10 - 6 ) struck out a season - high 11 in 5 1/3 innings . He allowed six hits and four runs -- three earned -- with a season - high 11 strikeouts . Houston starter Lance McCullers ( 10 - 6 ) yielded six hits and four runs -- three earned -- with a season - high 11 strikeouts in 5 1/3 innings . Houston starter Lance McCullers ( 10 - 6 ) yielded six hits and four runs -- three earned -- with a season - high 11 strikeouts in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out a season - high 11 . Houston starter Lance McCullers ( 10 - 6 ) yielded six hits and four runs -- three earned -- in 5 1/3 innings .
PITTSBURGH -- Gregory Polanco had three hits , including a go - ahead single in the seventh inning , and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the New York Mets 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Polanco had three hits and scored twice , and Adam Frazier had three hits and drove in a run for the Pirates , who have won four of five . Jacob deGrom ( 5 - 6 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in seven innings for the Mets , who have lost four of five . deGrom ( 5 - 6 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . deGrom ( 5 - 6 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . deGrom ( 5 - 6 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . deGrom ( 5 - 6 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . deGrom ( 5 - 6 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . deGrom ( 5 - 6 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . deGrom ( 5 - 6 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . deGrom ( 5 - 6 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in seven innings .
CINCINNATI -- Matt Harvey gave up a two - run homer by Rhys Hoskins in the fourth inning , and the Cincinnati Reds rallied for a 6 - 2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Harvey was pulled after five innings , allowing two hits and two runs with two walks and five strikeouts . He was pulled after 92 pitches . Jared Hughes got the last five outs for his seventh save in nine chances . Rhys Hoskins hit a two - run homer and Rhys Hoskins also went deep for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Wandy Peralta ( 2 - 2 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Jared Hughes got the last five outs for his seventh save . Rhys Hoskins hit a two - run homer for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Philadelphia 's Vince Velasquez allowed two runs and six hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out four . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Gennett . The Reds tied it in the fourth . Mason Williams led off with a single , stole second and scored on Gennett 's single . Votto 's RBI single in the fourth made it 2 - 2 . Hoskins hit a two - run homer in the fourth for a 2 - 1 lead . The Reds tied it in the fourth . Mason Williams led off with a double and scored on Hamilton 's single . Votto 's RBI single made it 2 - 2 in the fourth . Velasquez gave up six hits and two runs with four walks and four strikeouts in five innings .
MIAMI -- Brian Anderson 's first game - ending hit of the season was a game - winning hit for the Miami Marlins . Anderson hit a game - ending single in the 10th inning to lift the Marlins to a 2 - 1 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . The Nationals tied the game 1 - 1 in the ninth when Bryce Harper walked , stole second and scored on Daniel Murphy 's single . Brett Graves ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 10th inning for the win . Kyle Barraclough gave up an RBI single to Daniel Murphy in the ninth , but the Nationals tied the game 1 - 1 on Daniel Murphy 's RBI single off Kyle Barraclough in the ninth . Yadiel Rivera 's sacrifice fly in the fourth put the Marlins ahead 1 - 0 . Yadiel Rivera 's sacrifice fly in the fourth put the Marlins ahead 1 - 0 . Yadiel Rivera 's sacrifice fly in the fourth made it 1 - 0 . Yadiel Rivera 's sacrifice fly in the fourth made it 1 - 0 . Yadiel Rivera 's sacrifice fly in the fourth made it 1 - 0 . Yadiel Rivera 's sacrifice fly in the fourth put Miami ahead 1 - 0 . Yadiel Rivera 's sacrifice fly in the fourth put Miami ahead 1 - 0 . Yadiel Rivera 's sacrifice fly in the fourth put the Marlins ahead 1 - 0 . Yadiel Rivera 's sacrifice fly in the fourth put the Marlins ahead 1 - 0 . Yadiel Rivera 's sacrifice fly in the fourth made it 1 - 0 . Yadiel Rivera 's sacrifice fly in the fourth made it 1 - 0 . Yadiel Rivera 's sacrifice fly in the fourth made it 1 - 0 .
BALTIMORE -- The Tampa Bay Rays have been waiting for Austin Pruitt to get his first save in more than a month . The right - hander struck out the side in the ninth inning to earn his second save in three tries , and the Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Tampa Bay took a 4 - 2 lead in the seventh against Alex Cobb ( 2 - 14 ) , who gave up four runs and eight hits in six - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Rays have lost six of seven and are a major league - worst 10 - 26 on the road . Ryan Yarbrough ( 9 - 5 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings for the Rays . Austin Pruitt struck out three in 1 1/3 innings for his second save . Alex Cobb ( 2 - 14 ) gave up four runs , three earned , and eight hits in six - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Trevor Cahill has been a big part of the Oakland Athletics ' rotation . Cahill ( 2 - 2 ) allowed five runs and seven hits in five innings , and the A 's beat the Texas Rangers 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Cahill ( 2 - 2 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out four . Blake Treinen pitched the ninth for his 27th save in 31 chances . Bartolo Colon ( 5 - 9 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two in his first start since July 31 . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . Colon ( 5 - 9 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Rangers took a 6 - 3 lead in the fourth on Jonathan Lucroy 's sacrifice fly and Khris Davis ' run - scoring triple in the fourth . Chapman hit a solo homer in the second to give Oakland a 3 - 2 lead . The Rangers tied it at 3 in the second on a run - scoring single by Jurickson Profar and a run - scoring single by Jurickson Profar . The Rangers tied it at 3 in the second on a run - scoring single by Jurickson Profar and a run - scoring single by Jurickson Profar . The Rangers tied it at 3 in the second on a run - scoring single by Choo and a run - scoring single by Jurickson Profar . The Rangers tied it at 3 in the second on a run - scoring single by Profar , and a run - scoring single by Choo .
NEW YORK -- The New York Mets are making a habit of their own . Jose Bautista hit a two - run homer , Corey Oswalt pitched five effective innings and the Mets beat the San Diego Padres 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Jose Bautista hit a two - run homer and Kevin Plawecki added an RBI single for the Mets , who have won four of five . Anthony Swarzak pitched two scoreless innings for his second save . Clayton Richard ( 7 - 10 ) gave up six runs and five hits in five innings for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Freddy Galvis hit a two - run homer for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Freddy Galvis hit a two - run homer for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Freddy Galvis hit a two - run homer for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Richard allowed six runs and five hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out one . Richard gave up six runs and five hits in five - plus innings . He walked two and struck out one . Richard gave up six runs and five hits in five - plus innings . He walked two and struck out one . Richard allowed six runs and five hits in five - plus innings . He walked two and struck out one . Richard allowed six runs and five hits in five - plus innings . He walked two and struck out one . Richard gave up six runs and five hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out one . Richard allowed six runs and five hits in five innings .
PITTSBURGH -- Nick Kingham has been a big part of the Pittsburgh Pirates ' rotation . Kingham struck out a career - high nine in 6 1/3 innings , Colin Moran had three hits and the Pirates beat the Milwaukee Brewers 7 - 3 on Wednesday night . Kingham ( 4 - 4 ) allowed three runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings , striking out nine and walking one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.13 ERA in his last four starts . Kingham ( 4 - 4 ) allowed three runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Kyle Crick got four outs for his second save in three opportunities . Travis Shaw and Travis Shaw homered for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Kingham ( 4 - 4 ) allowed three runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Kyle Crick got four outs for his second save of the season . Travis Shaw , Travis Shaw and Travis Shaw homered for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Guerra ( 6 - 6 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in four - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . Milwaukee starter Brandon Woodruff , recalled from Triple-A Louisville earlier in the day , allowed six runs and nine hits in four - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Brewers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on Jordy Mercer 's RBI single and Jordy Mercer 's run - scoring double . Bell 's RBI double in the third made it 5 - 1 .
NEW YORK -- Brandon Nimmo 's first career pinch - hit home run gave the New York Mets a lift . Nimmo hit a three - run homer in the 10th inning , and the Mets beat the Philadelphia Phillies 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Nimmo 's pinch - hit , three - run homer off Mark Leiter Jr. ( 0 - 1 ) gave the Mets a three - run lead in the 10th . Robert Gsellman ( 6 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . Vince Velasquez pitched six innings of two - hit ball for the Phillies . He struck out three and walked one . Jacob deGrom allowed five hits in eight scoreless innings , striking out seven and walking one . He was lifted for a pinch hitter after 113 pitches . Velasquez allowed two hits and struck out three in six innings of two - hit ball . He struck out three , walked one and hit a batter . Velasquez allowed two hits in six innings . He struck out three , walked one and hit a batter . Velasquez allowed two hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . Velasquez allowed two hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . Velasquez allowed two hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . Velasquez allowed two hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . Velasquez allowed two hits and struck out three in six innings . Velasquez allowed two hits and struck out three in six innings of two - hit ball . Velasquez allowed two hits in six innings , struck out three and walked one .
BALTIMORE -- The New York Yankees have been waiting for Dellin Betances to come through in a big way . Manny Machado hit two home runs , Manny Machado hit two home runs and the Baltimore Orioles beat the New York Yankees 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Machado hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning and a two - run shot in the seventh inning , giving the Orioles a 5 - 3 lead . It was Machado 's second multi - homer game of the season and second this season . He also had a two - run double in the fourth inning and a two - run drive in the seventh . Machado hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning and a two - run drive in the seventh . He also hit a two - run double in the fourth inning and added a two - run drive in the seventh . Zach Britton ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Baltimore starter Andrew Cashner gave up five runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Baltimore starter Andrew Cashner gave up five runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Baltimore starter Andrew Cashner gave up five runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Baltimore starter Andrew Cashner gave up five runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . New York starter Andrew Cashner gave up five runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one .
SEATTLE -- Ryon Healy had a big night for the Seattle Mariners . Healy hit a three - run homer and drove in a career - high five runs , Wade LeBlanc pitched six effective innings and the Mariners beat the Colorado Rockies 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Healy hit a three - run homer off Antonio Senzatela ( 3 - 2 ) in the sixth inning and drove in a career - high five runs . He also had a career - high five RBI . Wade LeBlanc ( 5 - 0 ) allowed four runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter . Edwin Diaz struck out the side in the ninth for his major league - leading 35th save in 37 chances . Antonio Senzatela ( 3 - 2 ) allowed six runs and five hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners have lost six of their last seven games and have dropped eight of their last 10 overall . Antonio Senzatela ( 3 - 2 ) gave up six runs and five hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out two . Senzatela ( 3 - 2 ) gave up six runs and five hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out two . Senzatela ( 3 - 2 ) gave up six runs and five hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out two . Senzatela ( 3 - 2 ) gave up six runs and five hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out two . Senzatela ( 3 - 2 ) allowed six runs and five hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out two .
CHICAGO -- Addison Russell 's bases - loaded walk in the 10th inning gave the Chicago Cubs a 6 - 5 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Addison Russell hit a two - run double with one out in the bottom of the inning to give the Cubs a 5 - 4 lead . Luke Farrell ( 3 - 3 ) pitched a perfect 10th inning for the win . Brandon Farrell ( 3 - 3 ) struck out two in a perfect 10th for the win . Brandon Farrell ( 3 - 3 ) pitched a perfect 10th inning for the win . Brandon Farrell ( 3 - 3 ) struck out two in a perfect 10th for the win . Brandon Farrell ( 3 - 3 ) struck out two in a perfect 10th for the win . Brandon Farrell ( 3 - 3 ) struck out two in a perfect 10th for the win . Brandon Farrell ( 3 - 3 ) struck out two in a perfect 10th for the win . Cubs starter Luis Castillo allowed three runs and six hits in four innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run double by Javier Baez , a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Javier Baez and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Javier Baez . The Cubs tied it in the fourth on a fielder 's choice by Baez and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Javier Baez . The Reds tied it in the fourth on a fielder 's choice grounder by Baez and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Baez . The Reds tied it in the fourth on a fielder 's choice grounder by Baez and a fielder 's choice by Baez .
HOUSTON -- Yuli Gurriel and the Houston Astros are starting to look like a team . Gurriel hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs to help the Astros to a 12 - 6 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Gurriel hit a three - run homer in the third inning and added a two - run shot in the sixth inning to help the Astros to a 12 - 6 win over the White Sox on Tuesday night . Gurriel hit a three - run homer off James Shields ( 3 - 10 ) in the third inning and added an RBI single in the fifth to help the Astros to their fourth straight win . The White Sox had at least one hit in each of the first five innings against James Shields ( 3 - 10 ) , who allowed a season - high eight runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . Shields ( 3 - 10 ) allowed a season - high eight runs -- eight earned -- and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out nine . Shields ( 3 - 10 ) allowed a season - high eight runs -- eight earned -- and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out nine and walked two . Shields ( 3 - 10 ) allowed a season - high eight runs -- eight earned -- and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out nine and walked two . Shields ( 3 - 10 ) allowed a season - high eight runs -- eight earned -- and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out nine and walked two .
PHOENIX -- Zack Godley pitched six innings of four - hit ball , and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the San Diego Padres 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Godley ( 10 - 6 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Brad Boxberger pitched a perfect ninth for his 21st save in 23 chances . Joey Lucchesi ( 4 - 4 ) allowed two runs and three hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Padres . He struck out five and walked one . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI fielder 's choice by Carlos Asuaje and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Carlos Asuaje . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI fielder 's choice by Carlos Asuaje . Lucchesi allowed two runs and three hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . San Diego 's Joey Lucchesi ( 4 - 4 ) allowed two runs and three hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . San Diego 's Joey Lucchesi ( 4 - 4 ) allowed two runs and three hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . San Diego 's Joey Lucchesi ( 4 - 4 ) allowed two runs and three hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . Lucchesi allowed two runs and three hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five , walked one and hit a batter . Lucchesi allowed two runs and three hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Dallas Keuchel and the rest of the Houston Astros have been pitching well lately . Keuchel pitched seven strong innings , Josh Reddick hit a two - run homer and the Astros beat the Texas Rangers 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Keuchel ( 5 - 8 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Hector Rondon got four outs for his sixth save in seven chances . Austin Bibens-Dirkx ( 1 - 2 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in six innings for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Texas starter Austin Bibens-Dirkx ( 1 - 2 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in six innings with four strikeouts and two walks . The right - hander was recalled from Triple-A Round Rock earlier in the day . Bibens-Dirkx ( 1 - 2 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in six innings with four strikeouts and two walks . The right - hander was recalled from Triple-A Round Rock earlier in the day . Bibens-Dirkx ( 1 - 2 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in six innings with four strikeouts and two walks . The right - hander was recalled from Triple-A Round Rock earlier in the day . Bibens-Dirkx ( 1 - 2 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in six innings with four strikeouts and two walks . The right - hander was recalled from Triple-A Round Rock earlier in the day to make his first start of the season . Bibens-Dirkx ( 1 - 2 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in six innings with four strikeouts and two walks .
WASHINGTON -- The Boston Red Sox have been waiting for Eduardo Nunez to hit a three - run homer in the top of the ninth inning to make it 11 - 3 . Xander Bogaerts hit a three - run homer , Xander Bogaerts added a three - run shot and the Red Sox beat the Washington Nationals 11 - 4 on Tuesday night . Boston 's Tanner Roark ( 3 - 10 ) allowed a season - high nine runs and 10 hits in seven innings . The right - hander is 0 - 5 in his last seven starts . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost five of six . Brandon Workman ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Tanner Roark ( 3 - 10 ) allowed nine runs and 10 hits in seven innings for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Brandon Workman ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Tanner Roark ( 3 - 10 ) allowed nine runs -- nine earned -- and 10 hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . Washington 's Tanner Roark ( 3 - 10 ) allowed nine runs -- nine earned -- and 10 hits in seven innings . He struck out four , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . Martinez hit a three - run homer in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the ninth off Matt Grace . Brandon Workman ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Washington 's Tanner Roark ( 3 - 10 ) allowed nine runs and 10 hits in seven innings .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants have been waiting for Andrew Suarez to find a way to beat the New York Mets . Suarez pitched seven innings of two - hit ball , Aramis Garcia homered and drove in two runs , and the Giants beat the Mets 7 - 0 on Tuesday night . Suarez ( 6 - 9 ) allowed two hits and struck out five in seven innings to win his third straight start . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last four starts . Brandon Belt hit a two - run triple in the eighth and Chris Shaw added a sacrifice fly . Wheeler ( 9 - 7 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The Mets have lost four of five . The Mets have lost four of five . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost four of five . Wheeler was the only pitcher in the majors to pitch seven innings or fewer in each of his first five starts this season . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Mets have lost four of their last five games and have been shut out three times in their last five games . The Mets have lost six of seven .
NEW YORK -- The Washington Nationals ' 15 - 0 rout of the New York Mets on Friday night was their biggest rout of the season . Mark Reynolds hit a grand slam , Mark Reynolds added a pinch - hit homer and the Nationals routed the Mets 15 - 0 in the opener of a day - night doubleheader . Jefry Rodriguez ( 2 - 1 ) pitched six innings of two - hit ball , and Wilmer Difo hit a two - run homer in the eighth to help the Nationals snap a three - game skid . Wilmer Difo added a two - run homer in the eighth and Wilmer Difo added a two - run shot in the eighth for the Nationals . Steven Matz ( 5 - 11 ) gave up one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Mets have lost five of six . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . Matz ( 5 - 11 ) gave up five hits and one run in seven innings .
DETROIT -- Daniel Palka and the Chicago White Sox did n't have much to celebrate . Palka hit a two - run homer , Michael Kopech pitched six strong innings and the White Sox beat the Detroit Tigers 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Kopech ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Jace Fry got the final two outs for his third save . Jordan Zimmermann ( 6 - 6 ) allowed five earned runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Zimmermann ( 6 - 6 ) allowed five earned runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Detroit 's Jordan Zimmermann ( 6 - 6 ) allowed five earned runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Detroit 's Jordan Zimmermann ( 6 - 6 ) allowed five earned runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Tigers took a 5 - 0 lead in the sixth on a two - run single by Avisail Garcia and a bases - loaded walk to Avisail Garcia . Jace Fry got the final two outs for his third save . Jordan Zimmermann ( 6 - 6 ) allowed five earned runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Justin Verlander has been a big part of the Houston Astros ' rotation . Verlander pitched six - hit ball over six innings , Jose Altuve had three hits and the Astros beat the Los Angeles Angels 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 13 - 8 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings , striking out six and walking two . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . The Astros have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Verlander ( 13 - 8 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings , striking out six and walking two . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Shohei Ohtani hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Shohei Ohtani hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Angels , who have lost three straight and four of five . Shohei Ohtani hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Angels , who have lost three straight and four of five . Barria was charged with four runs and five hits in three - plus innings . He walked two and struck out one . The Angels took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Alex Bregman and a double by Altuve , who was hit by a pitch and scored on Alex Bregman 's double . Gonzalez hit a two - run homer in the fourth to cut the Angels ' lead to 4 - 2 , but the Astros responded in the bottom half with an RBI double by Altuve and a double by Gonzalez .
DETROIT -- The Chicago White Sox have lost six of their last seven games , and the White Sox have lost six of their last seven . Matthew Boyd pitched six scoreless innings , Ronny Rodriguez homered and the Tigers beat the Chicago White Sox 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Boyd ( 8 - 11 ) allowed six hits , struck out six and walked one . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his previous four starts . Boyd ( 8 - 11 ) allowed six hits , struck out six and walked one . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his previous five starts . The White Sox have lost four of five . Jose Rondon hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Jose Rondon hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Jose Rondon hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Shields ( 5 - 15 ) allowed seven runs and 10 hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . Jose Rondon hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Shields ( 5 - 15 ) allowed seven runs and 10 hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Jose Iglesias led off with a double and scored on a double by Jim Adduci . Grayson Greiner followed with a sacrifice fly .
SEATTLE -- Martin Maldonado had a big night for the Houston Astros . Maldonado had three hits , including a solo homer in the ninth inning , and the Astros beat the Seattle Mariners 10 - 7 on Tuesday night . Maldonado had three hits , including a home run , and drove in three runs , and Tony Kemp had three hits and drove in a run for the Astros , who have won four of five . Charlie Morton ( 13 - 3 ) allowed six runs and seven hits in five - plus innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Roberto Osuna pitched a perfect ninth for his 10th save in 11 chances . Marco Gonzales ( 12 - 9 ) allowed a season - high eight runs and 11 hits in three - plus innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter . Gonzales ( 12 - 9 ) gave up a season - high eight runs and 11 hits in three - plus innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter . Gonzales ( 12 - 9 ) allowed a season - high eight runs and 11 hits in three - plus innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Gonzales , who had won his previous three starts , allowed a season - high 11 hits and a season - high eight runs in three - plus innings . He struck out three without walking a batter . The Mariners scored twice in the sixth to cut the lead to 9 - 5 . Denard Span led off with a double and scored on Dee Gordon 's sacrifice fly . Dee Gordon 's sacrifice fly cut the lead to 9 - 5 and Robinson Cano 's RBI double cut the lead to 9 - 5 . Robinson Cano 's RBI double cut the lead to 9 - 5 , and Robinson Cano 's RBI double cut the lead to 9 - 5 . Mike Zunino 's sacrifice fly cut the lead to 9 - 5 , and Robinson Cano 's RBI double cut the lead to 9 - 5 . Tony Sipp got the final out of the inning and Roberto Osuna finished for his 10th save .
TORONTO -- The Toronto Blue Jays have gone deep in three straight games . Billy McKinney homered and drove in three runs , Sam Gaviglio struck out a career - high seven in seven innings and the Blue Jays beat the Baltimore Orioles 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Justin Smoak and Justin Smoak also homered for the Blue Jays , who won for the sixth time in seven games . Gaviglio ( 3 - 6 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out a career - high seven . Gaviglio ( 3 - 6 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out a career - high seven . Gaviglio ( 3 - 6 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out a career - high seven . Gaviglio ( 3 - 6 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out a career - high seven . Gaviglio ( 3 - 6 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out a career - high seven . Gaviglio ( 3 - 6 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out a career - high seven . Gaviglio ( 3 - 6 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out a career - high seven . Gaviglio ( 3 - 6 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out a career - high seven . Gaviglio ( 3 - 6 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out seven .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Mikie Mahtook and the rest of the Detroit Tigers have been waiting for him to get back on track . Mahtook hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs , Mikie Mahtook hit a three - run homer and the Tigers beat the Minnesota Twins 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Tigers have won three straight and six of seven to move a season - high 10 games over .500 . The Tigers have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Carpenter ( 1 - 1 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Shane Greene got four outs for his 26th save in 31 chances . Joe Mauer homered and had three hits for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer homered and had three hits for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer homered and had three hits for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer homered and had three hits for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer homered and had three hits for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer homered and had three hits for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer homered and had three hits for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer homered and had three hits for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer homered and had three hits for the Twins , who have lost four of five .
CLEVELAND -- Carlos Carrasco and the Cleveland Indians are going to need a lot of run support . Carrasco pitched seven innings of three - hit ball , Jose Ramirez hit a two - run homer and the Indians beat the Baltimore Orioles 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Carrasco ( 15 - 6 ) allowed three hits , struck out six and walked one in seven innings . Jose Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Jose Ramirez added a solo shot for the Indians , who have won six of seven . Cody Allen pitched the ninth for his 24th save in 28 chances . David Hess ( 2 - 7 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost six of seven . David Hess ( 2 - 7 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Hess allowed two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked four . Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the first off Hess to give the Indians a 2 - 0 lead . Ramirez 's homer in the first gave Cleveland a 2 - 0 lead . Hess allowed two runs and five hits in six innings .
NEW YORK -- The New York Yankees have n't been able to find a way to beat the New York Yankees . Mallex Smith homered and drove in two runs , Mallex Smith homered and drove in two runs , and the Rays beat the Yankees 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Mallex Smith homered and drove in two runs , and Mallex Smith homered and drove in two runs for the Rays , who have won four of five . Ryan Yarbrough ( 11 - 5 ) pitched four scoreless innings for the win . Mallex Smith homered and drove in two runs for the Rays , who have won four of five . Ryan Yarbrough ( 11 - 5 ) pitched four scoreless innings in relief of Sonny Gray , who gave up five runs and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings . Cessa , recalled from Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre before the game , gave up five runs and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out four . Cessa was recalled from Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre to make his first start of the season in place of injured right - hander Luis Cessa ( 1 - 3 ) . He allowed five runs and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings . Cessa was recalled from Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre to make his first start of the season . He allowed five runs and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out four . Cessa was recalled from Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre to make his first start of the season . He allowed five runs and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings . Cessa was recalled from Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre to make his first start of the season . He allowed five runs and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings .
PHILADELPHIA -- Wilson Ramos had a big night at the plate . Ramos had three hits , including a go - ahead double in the seventh inning , and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Boston Red Sox 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Ramos had three hits and three RBI , and Wilson Ramos had three hits and three RBI for the Phillies . Tommy Hunter ( 4 - 2 ) got one out in the seventh for the win . Seranthony Dominguez got the final four outs for his 13th save in 16 chances . Joe Kelly ( 4 - 1 ) took the loss for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Tommy Hunter ( 4 - 2 ) got one out for the win . Seranthony Dominguez got the final four outs for his 13th save . Boston starter Nathan Eovaldi allowed three runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in five innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The Red Sox jumped ahead 3 - 0 in the third on Moreland 's three - run double . Velasquez gave up three runs and four hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out two . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the third on Moreland 's bases - clearing double . The Red Sox cut it to 3 - 2 in the fourth on Maikel Franco 's RBI groundout and Franco 's run - scoring single . Philadelphia cut it to 3 - 2 in the fourth on Franco 's RBI double . Franco followed with a run - scoring single to tie it at 3 .
ATLANTA -- Ronald Acuna Jr. is making his first start of the season . Acuna hit a leadoff home run and drove in three runs , Touki Toussaint pitched six strong innings and the Atlanta Braves beat the Miami Marlins 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Acuna 's homer was his first of the season , a solo shot off Pablo Lopez ( 2 - 3 ) in the first inning . He also walked twice , walked twice and scored three times . Toussaint ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and two hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth . Kurt Suzuki led off with a single , stole second , advanced to third on a wild pitch and scored on Freddie Freeman 's sacrifice fly . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Johan Camargo 's RBI double and Freddie Freeman 's sacrifice fly . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Johan Camargo 's RBI double and a run - scoring double by Charlie Culberson . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Johan Camargo 's RBI double and Freddie Freeman 's sacrifice fly . Lopez ( 2 - 3 ) gave up six runs , five earned , and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Johan Camargo 's RBI double and Freddie Freeman 's sacrifice fly . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Johan Camargo 's RBI double and Freddie Freeman 's sacrifice fly .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The St. Louis Cardinals are on a roll . Jack Flaherty struck out nine in seven innings , Jose Martinez hit a two - run homer and the Cardinals beat the Kansas City Royals 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Flaherty ( 6 - 6 ) gave up two runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked three . Jordan Hicks got the final four outs for his third save . Danny Duffy ( 7 - 11 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings for Kansas City , which has lost four of five . The Royals have lost five of six . Danny Duffy ( 7 - 11 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings for Kansas City , which has lost three straight . Alcides Escobar hit a two - run homer in the fifth for Kansas City , which has lost four of five . Duffy ( 7 - 11 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . The right - hander is winless in his last three starts . Alcides Escobar hit a two - run homer in the fifth for Kansas City , which has lost four of five . Duffy ( 7 - 11 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . The right - hander is winless in his last three starts . The Royals scored three runs in the third , including a two - run homer by Alcides Escobar and a two - run shot by Alcides Escobar that cut the Cardinals ' lead to 4 - 2 . Escobar hit a two - run homer in the fifth to cut the deficit to 4 - 2 .
WASHINGTON -- Gio Gonzalez did n't need much help from his teammates . Gonzalez pitched seven solid innings , and the Washington Nationals beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Gonzalez ( 7 - 8 ) allowed one run and six hits , struck out three and walked one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Gonzalez ( 7 - 8 ) allowed one run and six hits over seven innings . He struck out three and walked one . Gonzalez ( 7 - 8 ) allowed one run and six hits over seven innings . He struck out three and walked one . Gonzalez ( 7 - 8 ) allowed one run and six hits over seven innings . He struck out three and walked one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Gonzalez ( 7 - 8 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Atlanta starter Anibal Sanchez pitched two innings , giving up four runs and six hits . He walked three and struck out three . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a bases - loaded walk to Juan Soto and an RBI double by Daniel Murphy . The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the third . Rendon led off with a double and scored on Anthony Rendon 's sacrifice fly . Ryan Zimmerman followed with a run - scoring double and Ryan Zimmerman added a run - scoring double . The Braves added a run in the sixth on Rendon 's sacrifice fly .
CLEVELAND -- Francisco Lindor hit a three - run homer with two outs in the ninth inning to lift the Cleveland Indians to a 5 - 2 win over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Lindor hit a three - run homer off Trevor Hildenberger ( 2 - 3 ) with two outs in the bottom of the ninth to give the Indians a 5 - 2 win over the Twins on Tuesday night . Lindor hit a three - run homer off Trevor Hildenberger ( 2 - 3 ) with two outs in the ninth to give the Indians a 5 - 2 lead . Cody Allen ( 4 - 4 ) got the win despite allowing a tying homer to Miguel Sano in the top of the ninth . Cody Allen ( 4 - 4 ) got the win despite allowing a tying homer to Miguel Sano in the top of the ninth . Cody Allen ( 4 - 4 ) got the win despite giving up a tying homer to Miguel Sano in the top of the ninth . Logan Forsythe 's RBI double in the fourth tied the score 1 - 1 . The Indians tied it in the fourth on Logan Forsythe 's RBI double . Sano led off the top of the ninth with a homer off Cody Allen ( 4 - 4 ) , who allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . Cleveland 's Mike Clevinger allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . The right - hander is winless in his last five starts . Clevinger gave up five hits and one run in seven innings . The right - hander , who had won his previous three starts , allowed one earned run and four hits over seven innings .
CHICAGO -- Giancarlo Stanton 's first career grand slam put the New York Yankees ahead to stay . Stanton hit a grand slam , Luis Severino pitched seven strong innings and the Yankees beat the Chicago White Sox 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Stanton hit a grand slam off Lucas Giolito ( 7 - 9 ) to give the Yankees a 6 - 2 lead in the second inning , and Aaron Hicks added a solo homer in the fifth . Severino ( 15 - 5 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and did not walk a batter . Lucas Giolito ( 7 - 9 ) gave up seven runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Tim Anderson homered for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Giolito ( 7 - 9 ) gave up seven runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Tim Anderson homered for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Giolito ( 7 - 9 ) gave up seven runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Tim Anderson homered for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Giolito ( 7 - 9 ) allowed seven runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Tim Anderson homered for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Giolito gave up seven runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Tim Anderson homered for the White Sox .
CHICAGO -- Daniel Palka and the Chicago White Sox are on a roll . Palka hit a go - ahead , three - run homer in the eighth inning and the White Sox rallied for a 6 - 4 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . Palka , who had a pinch - hit , three - run homer in the eighth inning to give Chicago a 6 - 3 lead , hit a three - run homer off Jason Hammel to make it 6 - 3 in the eighth . Xavier Cedeno ( 1 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up a three - run homer to Whit Merrifield . Luis Avilan got the final two outs for his first career save . Whit Merrifield hit a three - run homer off Xavier Cedeno ( 1 - 0 ) with two outs in the eighth to give the Royals a 3 - 2 lead . Xavier Cedeno ( 1 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up a two - run homer to Whit Merrifield . Luis Avilan got the final two outs for his first career save . Whit Merrifield hit a three - run homer off Xavier Cedeno ( 1 - 0 ) with two outs in the eighth to give the Royals a 3 - 2 lead . Xavier Cedeno ( 1 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up a two - run homer to Whit Merrifield . Luis Avilan got the final two outs for his first career save . Brad Keller allowed two runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings for the Royals . He struck out a career - high nine and walked three . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on a two - out RBI single by Tim Anderson .
LOS ANGELES -- Max Muncy and the Los Angeles Dodgers are on a roll . Kemp hit a go - ahead home run in the fifth inning and the Dodgers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Kemp 's pinch - hit , two - run double in the ninth off Brad Boxberger ( 2 - 5 ) gave the Dodgers a 3 - 2 lead . Kenley Jansen ( 1 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Brad Boxberger ( 2 - 5 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and four hits in one - third of an inning . Kenley Jansen ( 1 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Brad Boxberger ( 2 - 5 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and four hits in one - third of an inning . The Dodgers tied it at 1 in the seventh on Alex Avila 's sacrifice fly . The Dodgers tied it in the seventh on Alex Avila 's sacrifice fly . The Dodgers tied it at 1 in the seventh on Alex Avila 's sacrifice fly . The Dodgers tied it in the seventh on Alex Avila 's sacrifice fly . The Dodgers tied it in the seventh . Paul Goldschmidt led off with a double and scored on Alex Avila 's sacrifice fly . The Diamondbacks tied it in the seventh . Paul Goldschmidt led off with a double and scored on Alex Avila 's sacrifice fly . The Diamondbacks tied it in the seventh on Alex Avila 's sacrifice fly . Descalso hit a leadoff homer in the top of the ninth to give the Diamondbacks a 1 - 0 lead . Descalso hit a solo shot in the ninth .
WASHINGTON -- Milwaukee Brewers manager Ron Roenicke was n't thinking about his team 's 9 - 4 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . Christian Yelich hit a go - ahead , three - run homer in the fifth inning and Keon Broxton added a grand slam , helping the Brewers to a 9 - 4 victory . Keon Broxton hit a three - run homer and Keon Broxton added a three - run shot for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Brandon Woodruff ( 3 - 0 ) pitched four innings of three - hit ball , striking out five and walking none in his fourth major league start . Christian Yelich hit a three - run homer and Keon Broxton added a three - run shot for the Brewers , who have won three of four . Jefry Rodriguez ( 2 - 2 ) gave up seven runs , seven hits and seven walks in 4 2/3 innings . The Nationals have lost four of five . Mark Reynolds had two hits and drove in two runs for Washington . Mark Reynolds had two hits and drove in two runs for Washington . Mark Reynolds had two hits and drove in two runs for Washington . Mark Reynolds had two hits and drove in two runs for Washington . Mark Reynolds had two hits and drove in two runs for Washington . Mark Reynolds had two hits and drove in two runs for Washington . Mark Reynolds had two hits and drove in two runs for Washington . Mark Reynolds had two hits and drove in two runs for Washington . Mark Reynolds had two hits and drove in two runs for Washington . Mark Reynolds drove in two runs for Washington .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The New York Mets have been waiting for Yoenis Cespedes to go to the plate in the bottom of the 11th inning , and the New York Mets could n't wait to see if they were going to make a run at the plate . Rosario hit a sacrifice fly in the 11th inning , leading the Mets to a 2 - 1 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night . With runners on first and second and one out in the 11th , Wilmer Flores lined a 1 - 2 pitch from Hunter Strickland ( 3 - 4 ) over the head of right fielder Gorkys Hernandez , who threw home for the final out . Jerry Blevins ( 2 - 2 ) pitched one inning for the win and Robert Gsellman worked a perfect 11th for his ninth save . Jerry Blevins ( 2 - 2 ) pitched one inning for the win and Robert Gsellman worked the 11th for his ninth save . Evan Longoria homered for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Jerry Blevins ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Robert Gsellman worked the 11th for his ninth save . Evan Longoria hit a solo homer for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Derek Holland allowed one run and four hits in six innings for San Francisco . He struck out three and walked three . Evan Longoria hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Holland allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out three . Holland , who had won his previous three starts , allowed one run and four hits in six innings .
