WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Ryan Zimmerman 's first home run of the season came on the first pitch he saw from Peter Moylan , and the Washington Nationals rallied to beat the Atlanta Braves 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Ryan Zimmerman 's solo homer with two outs in the ninth inning off Peter Moylan ( 0 - 1 ) gave the Nationals a 3 - 2 lead . It was the first walk - off homer of the season for Zimmerman , who had been 0 - for - 4 with two strikeouts in his first two at - bats . It was the second game - ending homer of his career , and his first at - bat against the Braves this season . It was the second game - ending homer of the season for Zimmerman , who had been 0 - for - 8 in his career against the right - hander . It was the first game - ending homer of Zimmerman 's career , and his first at - bat against the Braves this season . It was the second game - ending homer of the season for Zimmerman , who came into the game leading the NL in batting average ( .250 ) and RBIs ( < unk > ) . Zimmerman 's homer was his first of the season , and his first at - bat against the Braves this season . It was the second game - ending homer of the season for Zimmerman , who came into the game leading the NL in batting average ( .250 ) and RBIs ( < unk > ) . He has homered in three straight games . Jon Rauch ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Chipper Jones homered for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Atlanta starter Tim Hudson allowed two runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Washington starter Odalis Perez gave up one run and four hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked one .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Braden Looper had a 2 - 0 lead in the second inning , but the St. Louis Cardinals ' bullpen could n't hold it . Looper pitched six strong innings , Rick Ankiel had three hits and drove in two runs and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Cincinnati Reds 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Looper ( 4 - 1 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . Jason Isringhausen worked a perfect ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . Aaron Harang ( 1 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings for the Reds . He struck out four and walked three . Edwin Encarnacion homered for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Cincinnati took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Brendan Ryan and a run - scoring single by Ryan Freel , who had three hits . Edwin Encarnacion homered for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Cincinnati took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Ryan Freel and a run - scoring single by Ryan Freel . The Cardinals tied it in the third on a two - out RBI single by Ankiel , who had three hits and drove in a run with a single in the third . The Cardinals took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Ryan Freel and a two - out RBI single by Ryan Freel . The Reds tied it in the bottom half on Ankiel 's two - out RBI single .
MIAMI ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Dodgers had a big night at the plate . James Loney hit a bases - loaded triple , Rafael Furcal had a career - high five hits and the Los Angeles Dodgers routed the Florida Marlins 13 - 1 on Tuesday night . Billingsley ( 1 - 4 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked four . Matt Kemp had three hits and three RBIs , and Russell Martin also went deep for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Scott Olsen ( 3 - 1 ) gave up four runs , four earned , and seven hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked two . Billingsley ( 1 - 4 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked four . The Marlins , who have won three of their past four games , have lost four of five . Florida 's Blake Tankersley allowed DeWitt 's two - run triple in the eighth , and the Dodgers added three runs in the eighth . DeWitt hit a two - out triple off reliever Taylor Tankersley , and DeWitt hit a bases - clearing triple to make it 13 - 1 . DeWitt hit a three - run triple in the eighth . The Dodgers ' Blake DeWitt hit a three - run triple in the eighth , and the Dodgers added three runs in the eighth off reliever Justin Miller . The Marlins ' Blake DeWitt hit a three - run triple in the eighth , and the Dodgers added three runs in the eighth off Matt Lindstrom , who gave up a two - run triple to Blake DeWitt and a run - scoring single to Jeremy Hermida .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- Jason Giambi and the Cleveland Indians did n't need much offense . Giambi hit two of Cleveland 's three home runs , Paul Byrd pitched 5 2/3 innings and the Indians beat the New York Yankees 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Peralta hit a three - run homer in the fifth and a two - run shot in the fifth to give the Indians a 4 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Giambi , who hit a two - run shot in the fourth off Andy Pettitte ( 3 - 2 ) to give the Indians a 4 - 3 lead . It was the second multihomer game of his career and first since July 24 , 2006 , against the Chicago White Sox . Giambi 's solo shot in the sixth gave the Indians a 5 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Giambi , who hit a two - run shot in the fourth to give the Indians a 4 - 3 lead . It was the second multihomer game of his career and first since July 24 , 2006 , against the Chicago White Sox . Giambi 's solo shot in the sixth gave the Indians a 5 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Giambi , who hit a two - run shot in the fourth to give the Indians a 4 - 3 lead . It was the second multihomer game of his career and first since July 24 , 2006 , against the Chicago White Sox . Giambi 's solo shot in the sixth gave the Indians a 5 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Giambi , who hit a two - run shot in the fourth to give the Indians a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of his career and first since July 26 , 2006 , against the Chicago White Sox . Byrd ( 1 - 2 ) allowed four runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out none and did n't walk a batter . Rafael Betancourt pitched a perfect ninth for his second save .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- The Houston Astros have n't been able to find a way to get back to the playoffs . Lance Berkman hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , Jack Cassel pitched five solid innings and the Houston Astros beat the Cincinnati Reds 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Berkman had three hits , including a two - run homer in the first inning off Johnny Cueto ( 1 - 2 ) , who gave up five runs and eight hits in seven innings . He also hit a batter , walked two and threw a wild pitch . The Astros have won six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Astros have lost seven of their last 10 games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park this season . The Astros have won six of their last seven games . The Astros have lost three of their last four games . The Astros have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Astros have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Astros have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Astros have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Astros have lost three of their last four games . The Astros have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Astros have lost three of their last four games . The Astros have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Astros have lost three of their last four games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Astros have lost three of their last four games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Astros have lost three of their last four games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Astros have lost three of their last four games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Astros have lost three of their last four games . They 've lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost three of their last four games . They 've lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost three of their last four games . They 've lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost three of their last four games . They 've lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost three of their last four .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- Pittsburgh Pirates manager Clint Hurdle was n't worried about his team 's 7 - 4 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Wednesday night . The Pirates ' offense was n't much better . Jason Bay hit a two - run homer , Troy Glaus had a two - run double and Adam Kennedy added a two - run single as the Pirates won for the seventh time in eight games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games and have won six of their last seven . The Pirates have lost four of five and are a season - high 16 games over .500 . Damaso Marte ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win . Matt Capps pitched a perfect ninth for his sixth save in as many chances . The Pirates have won five of six and have the best record in the majors at 21 - 11 . The Cardinals have lost five of six and are a season - worst 10 games over .500 for the first time this season . St. Louis starter Ian Snell gave up four runs and eight hits in six innings . The right - hander walked four and struck out one . The Cardinals took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on Troy Glaus ' two - run double and Adam Kennedy 's two - run single . Adam Kennedy 's two - run single made it 2 - 0 in the first , and Bay tied it with a two - run homer in the fifth . It was the second time this season the Pirates have hit back - to - back home runs . Bay hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Cardinals a 4 - 4 lead , but the Cardinals answered with three runs in the bottom of the inning . Ryan Doumit led off with a double and scored on Jose Bautista 's single to center . The Cardinals added a run in the eighth on pinch - hitter Doug Mientkiewicz 's pinch - hit , two - run pinch - hit single .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- Gabe Kapler had a chance to get his first career game - winning hit . Gabe Kapler 's single drove in the winning run in the 12th inning and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the St. Louis Cardinals 9 - 8 on Tuesday night . Gabe Kapler hit a game - ending single in the 12th inning to give the Brewers a 9 - 3 win over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . The Cardinals scored three times in the seventh to take a 8 - 8 lead . Gabe Kapler hit an RBI single off Jason Isringhausen ( 1 - 1 ) , and Aaron Miles and Cesar Izturis had run - scoring singles before Pujols drew a bases - loaded walk to force in a run . Gabe Kapler 's RBI single off Eric Gagne in the bottom of the ninth made it 8 - all . Seth McClung ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 12th inning for his first major league win . Brewers starter Adam Wainwright left in the fifth inning with tightness in his right shoulder . He was replaced by Brad Thompson , who gave up a sacrifice fly to Rickie Weeks and a run - scoring single to Prince Fielder to make it 8 - 3 . Wainwright was replaced by Mitch Riske , who walked Jason Kendall to load the bases with one out in the seventh . Riske was replaced by Mitch Stetter , who walked pinch - hitter Jason LaRue to load the bases . Aaron Miles , who had four hits , drove in a run with a single , and Troy Glaus scored on a wild pitch to make it 7 - 3 . Milwaukee starter Manny Parra allowed three runs and nine hits in five - plus innings . He walked two and struck out two . Milwaukee starter Kyle Lohse gave up four runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . He had an RBI single in the second and a run - scoring single in the third . Ryan Braun hit a two - run double in the third and Weeks added a three - run triple in the sixth to give the Cardinals a 7 - 3 lead . Milwaukee tied it at 8 - all in the seventh on an RBI single by Miles and a run - scoring single by Prince Fielder . The Cardinals tied it at 8 in the seventh on an RBI single by Miles and a run - scoring single by Pujols .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Cliff Lee has been the Cleveland Indians ' Opening Day starter . Lee pitched eight innings of two - hit ball , Casey Blake homered and drove in three runs , and the Indians beat the Minnesota Twins 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Lee ( 3 - 0 ) allowed two hits , struck out eight and walked one . The right - hander has allowed two earned runs or less in six of his eight starts this season . The right - hander has allowed two earned runs or less in six of his eight starts this season . The Indians have won five of their last six games against the Twins , who have the worst record in the majors at 21 - 11 . The Twins have lost four of five . Liriano ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs and four hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out three . Blake gave the Indians a 4 - 0 lead with a two - run single in the second . Blake gave the Indians a 4 - 0 lead in the seventh with his first homer of the season . Blake gave the Indians a 4 - 0 lead in the seventh with a solo homer off Juan Rincon . Blake gave the Indians a 4 - 0 lead in the seventh with his first homer of the season . Blake gave the Indians a 4 - 0 lead in the seventh with his first homer of the season . Blake gave the Indians a 4 - 0 lead with a leadoff homer in the seventh . Blake gave the Indians a 4 - 0 lead in the seventh with his seventh homer of the season .
BOSTON ( AP ) -- The Boston Red Sox had a lot of chances against Daisuke Matsuzaka . David Ortiz hit a grand slam and Daisuke Matsuzaka won for the first time in four starts , leading the Boston Red Sox to an 11 - 3 victory over the Texas Rangers on Tuesday night . Matsuzaka ( 4 - 0 ) allowed three runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Hank Blalock hit a two - run homer and Dustin Pedroia hit a two - run shot for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Luis Mendoza ( 0 - 2 ) gave up seven runs , five hits and three walks in three innings for the Rangers , who have lost five of six . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Ortiz hit a three - run homer off Josh Rupe in the third inning to give the Red Sox a 9 - 1 lead . It was the first grand slam of the season for Ortiz , who hit a three - run homer in the first game of the series . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Jed Lowrie and a sacrifice fly by Josh Hamilton . Pedroia hit a two - run homer off Josh Rupe in the sixth to make it 9 - 3 . Matsuzaka gave up three runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four , walked two and hit a batter . Josh Rupe , recalled from Triple-A Round Rock earlier in the day , allowed two runs and four hits in four innings in his major league debut . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Josh Hamilton , but the Red Sox responded with three runs in the bottom half . Jason Varitek had an RBI double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Jed Lowrie . Jacoby Ellsbury 's RBI triple made it 5 - 1 in the fourth , and Blalock 's two - run homer made it 9 - 1 in the sixth .
ANAHEIM , Calif. ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Angels have been waiting for Richie Sexson to come off the disabled list . Sexson homered twice and drove in four runs , Torii Hunter had three hits and three RBIs and the Angels beat the Seattle Mariners 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Sexson went 2 - for - 4 with a pair of homers and drove in four runs for the Angels , who have won four of five . Saunders ( 3 - 0 ) gave up four runs and six hits in eight innings , striking out two and walking none . The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a < unk > ERA in his previous four starts . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth for his seventh save in as many chances . R. A. Dickey ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in six innings for the Mariners , who have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . Sexson hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the seventh , his first multihomer game of the season . Hunter had three hits , including a three - run homer in the first inning that gave the Angels a 3 - 0 lead . It was the first multihomer game of his career and the first of his career . Sexson hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the seventh . Hunter had three hits , including a three - run homer in the first inning that gave the Angels a 3 - 0 lead . It was the first multihomer game for Sexson , who hit a three - run homer in the Angels ' 3 - 1 victory over the Mariners on Opening Day . The Angels added a run in the sixth on an RBI single by Mike Napoli and a run - scoring single by Maicer Izturis .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) -- The New York Mets are on a roll . Johan Santana struck out 10 in seven strong innings , David Wright went 4 - for - 4 with two RBIs and the New York Mets beat the Philadelphia Phillies 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Santana ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs and four hits , striking out 10 in seven innings . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 3.25 ERA in his last five starts . The Mets have won three straight and five of six . Chase Utley homered for the second straight game and Greg Dobbs hit a three - run shot for the Phillies . Cole Hamels ( 2 - 2 ) allowed five runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in seven innings for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . The Phillies have lost three straight and five of six . They 've lost five of six . The Phillies have lost three straight and five of six . They 've lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost three straight and five of six . They 've lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Phillies have lost three straight and five of six . They 've lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) -- The San Francisco Giants are on the verge of a playoff berth . Conor Jackson homered and drove in three runs , Randy Winn hit a two - run single and the San Francisco Giants beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Keiichi Yabu ( 1 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win , and Brian Wilson worked the ninth for his fourth save in four chances . Conor Jackson hit a two - run homer and Justin Upton added an RBI single for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Jackson allowed four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Orlando Hudson led off with a double and scored on Jackson 's wild pitch . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Jackson and a run - scoring single by Justin Upton . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Jackson and a run - scoring double by Jackson . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Jackson and a run - scoring double by Jackson . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Jackson and a run - scoring double by Jackson . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Jackson and a run - scoring double by Jackson .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Brian Bannister has n't had much success against the Minnesota Twins . Bannister pitched a three - hitter for his first career complete game , Alex Gordon homered and the Kansas City Royals beat the Minnesota Twins 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Bannister ( 3 - 0 ) , who had been 0 - 4 in his previous six starts , allowed three hits , walked one and struck out three . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 0.86 ERA in three starts against the Twins this season . Bannister is 1 - 4 with a 0.86 ERA in his last five starts . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 0.86 ERA in three starts against the Twins this season . Alex Gordon homered off Francisco Liriano ( 0 - 1 ) leading off the eighth , and Billy Butler walked with the bases loaded to force in a run . Bannister ( 3 - 0 ) gave up three hits , walked one and struck out three . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 0.86 ERA in three starts against the Twins this season . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Justin Morneau 's two - out RBI single . Esteban German 's RBI single in the fourth made it 4 - 1 , and Gordon added a solo homer off Juan Rincon in the eighth . It was the first time the Royals had scored more than three runs in a game this season . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Esteban German 's two - out RBI single . The Twins took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom half on Billy Butler 's RBI single .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- Lenny Crosby and the Oakland Athletics have been waiting for the Cleveland Indians . Crosby hit a three - run homer , Lenny Crosby added a three - run shot and Oakland beat the Cleveland Indians 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . The A 's won for the sixth time in seven games and moved within a half - game of first - place Texas in the AL West . DiNardo ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs and six hits in five innings . The right - hander struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The right - hander , who signed a $ 36 million , three - year deal with the A 's in the offseason , struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Bobby Crosby 's three - run homer in the seventh gave the Indians a 7 - 2 lead . It was the first three - run homer of the season for Crosby , who hit a three - run shot off Fausto Carmona ( 1 - 1 ) in the seventh . It was the first three - run homer of the season for Crosby , who hit a three - run shot in the 10th inning of Tuesday 's 6 - 4 win over the Chicago White Sox . Bobby Denorfia drew a bases - loaded walk in the fourth , and Daric Barton hit a two - run single in the third to give the Athletics a 2 - 0 lead . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a bases - loaded walk to Chris Denorfia and a run - scoring groundout by Casey Blake . Oakland took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on a two - run single by Chris Denorfia and a two - run single by Ryan Garko . The Indians added a run in the sixth on a bases - loaded walk to Chris Denorfia and Crosby 's three - run homer .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Livan Hernandez was n't sure what to expect from the Minnesota Twins . Hernandez pitched seven shutout innings , Matt Tolbert had three hits and the Minnesota Twins beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Hernandez ( 3 - 0 ) allowed seven hits , struck out three and walked one . The right - hander , who was 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous five starts , allowed seven hits , walked one and struck out three . Matt Tolbert had three hits and drove in a run for the Twins , who have won four of five . Meche ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked four . The Royals have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Royals have lost six of their past seven games . The Royals have lost six of their past seven games . The Royals have lost seven of their past nine games . The Royals have lost seven of their past nine games . The Royals have lost seven of their past nine games . The Royals have lost seven of their past nine games . The Royals have lost seven of their past nine games . The Royals have lost seven of their past nine games . The Royals have lost six of their past seven games . The Royals have lost six of their past seven games . The Royals have lost six of their past seven games . The Royals have lost six of their past seven games . The Royals have lost six of seven .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- Edwin Jackson and the Tampa Bay Rays are on a roll . Jackson pitched eight innings of two - hit ball and the Rays beat the Seattle Mariners 7 - 0 on Tuesday night . Jackson ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two hits , struck out six and walked four in his second start of the season . The right - hander was coming off a three - hit shutout against Tampa Bay in his previous start , a 6 - 2 win over the New York Yankees . Jackson 's two - run single off Miguel Batista ( 0 - 2 ) gave the Rays a 4 - 0 lead in the seventh . Eric Hinske , B. J. Upton and Jonny Gomes also had two hits apiece for the Rays , who have won four of five . The Mariners , who have lost four of five , have lost four of five . Jackson ( 2 - 0 ) struck out six , walked four and allowed only one runner to reach second base . He walked four and struck out six . Mark Lowe , Mark Lowe and Trever Miller each worked a scoreless inning to complete the two - hitter . Eric Hinske and DiFelice hit back - to - back homers in the fourth to give the Mariners a 1 - 0 lead . Seattle added two more in the seventh on DiFelice 's RBI single and DiFelice 's wild pitch . The Rays scored three times in the seventh to take a 7 - 0 lead . Upton 's two - run single off Roy Corcoran made it 4 - 0 and chased Seattle starter Miguel Batista ( 0 - 2 ) , who gave up four runs and eight hits in six - plus innings .
CHICAGO -- Jason Kubel and the Minnesota Twins did n't look like the game 's best . Kubel hit a grand slam and drove in six runs , Scott Baker won his second straight start and the Minnesota Twins beat the Chicago White Sox 12 - 5 on Tuesday night . Nick Swisher and Paul Konerko also went deep for the Twins , who have won four of five . Kubel 's grand slam capped a six - run sixth inning against John Danks ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up seven runs and seven hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . Baker ( 2 - 0 ) allowed three runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Brian Bass pitched four innings for his first major league save . He allowed a two - out RBI single to Pablo Ozuna in the ninth before retiring Jim Thome on a fly ball for his first career save . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Kubel 's sacrifice fly and Carlos Gomez 's two - run double . Kubel 's sacrifice fly in the second gave the Twins a 2 - 0 lead . Kubel 's sacrifice fly in the second made it 3 - 0 , and the Twins added three more in the third . Craig Monroe drew a bases - loaded walk and Lamb followed with a run - scoring single to make it 7 - 0 . Harris homered in the bottom half to make it 7 - 2 . The White Sox scored five runs in the sixth to take a 12 - 3 lead . Lamb led off with a triple and scored on Lamb 's double to make it 12 - 4 .
ANAHEIM , Calif. ( AP ) -- Jake Westbrook did n't make it out of the fifth inning in his first start of the season , giving up a two - run homer to Travis Hafner and a two - run homer to Vladimir Guerrero in a 4 - 3 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Westbrook ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and seven hits over his first complete game of the season . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander , who had been 0 - 4 in his previous six starts , was charged with three runs and six hits in his second career complete game . Asdrubal Cabrera hit a two - out , two - run single with two outs in the fifth to give the Indians a 2 - 0 lead . Guerrero tied it at 3 with a two - out , two - run homer off Justin Speier ( 0 - 1 ) in the ninth . It was his third homer of the season and first since Aug. 1 . Hafner hit a two - out , two - run homer off Justin Speier ( 0 - 1 ) in the ninth to give the Indians a 4 - 3 lead . Hafner hit a two - out , two - run homer in the ninth off Justin Speier ( 0 - 1 ) to give the Indians a 4 - 3 lead . Hafner hit a two - out , two - run homer off Justin Speier in the ninth to give the Indians a 4 - 3 lead . It was Hafner 's team - leading 12th homer of the season and second in two days . Westbrook allowed two runs and six hits in six innings , struck out five and walked three . The right - hander was 0 - 3 in his first five starts with the Indians , including a 1 - 0 loss to the Los Angeles Angels on April 8 . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth on a sacrifice fly by Gary Matthews Jr. and a two - run single by Asdrubal Cabrera . The Angels tied it in the bottom half on Guerrero 's two - out homer .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Hanley Ramirez and Dan Uggla each hit a three - run homer , and the Florida Marlins beat the Washington Nationals 10 - 7 on Tuesday night . Ramirez hit a three - run homer off Tim Redding ( 1 - 1 ) in the third inning and added a three - run shot in the third to give the Marlins a 7 - 3 lead . It was the first time the Marlins had scored at least seven runs in a game this season . Ramirez hit a three - run homer off Andrew Miller in the third , and Uggla tied it at 6 with a solo shot in the sixth . It was the first homer allowed by Miller , who gave up six runs and eight hits in 3 1/3 innings . Renyel Pinto ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 2 2/3 scoreless innings for his first major league win . Kevin Gregg got four outs for his first save of the season . Andino 's pinch - hit , two - run homer off Jon Rauch in the ninth gave the Marlins a 10 - 7 lead . It was the first pinch - hit homer of Andino 's career and the first pinch - hit homer of his career . It was the first pinch - hit homer of Andino 's career and the first pinch - hit homer of his career . It was the third time this season the Marlins have hit back - to - back homers . Ramirez , who had three hits , added a three - run homer in the third , his first of the season . The Marlins tied it at 6 in the fourth on a two - run double by Lastings Milledge and a two - run double by Alfredo Amezaga . The Nationals tied it at 6 in the fourth on a two - run single by Lastings Milledge and a two - run single by Cristian Guzman . The Nationals tied it in the bottom half on a two - run homer by Robert Andino and a two - run shot by Ramirez .
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting for a long time in the past week . Brian Roberts had three hits and drove in two runs , Melvin Mora hit a two - run homer and the Orioles beat the Seattle Mariners 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Brian Roberts had three hits and drove in two runs for the Orioles , who took two of three from the Mariners . Dennis Sarfate ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings of hitless relief for the win . George Sherrill worked a perfect ninth for his fourth save . Eric O'Flaherty ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and one hit in one - third of an inning . Seattle starter Daniel Cabrera gave up four runs and five hits in six innings . The right - hander struck out five and walked four . Seattle starter Carlos Silva allowed four runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Raul Ibanez hit a solo home run in the first inning for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Baltimore took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning . Yuniesky Betancourt drew a leadoff walk and scored on a double by Roberts , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Suzuki hit a leadoff homer in the first , and Mora hit a two - run shot in the third . It was Mora 's fourth homer of the season and second in two games . The Orioles tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI double by Roberts , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Scott Baker 's first win of the season was a good thing for the Minnesota Twins . Baker pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Justin Morneau and Billy Butler each drove in a run and the Twins beat the Kansas City Royals 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Baker ( 1 - 0 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Joe Nathan pitched a scoreless ninth for his second save . John Bale ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in 6 1/3 innings for Kansas City . He struck out two and walked one . The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Jose Guillen and a run - scoring single by Billy Butler . The Royals tied it in the second on an RBI single by Mark Grudzielanek and a run - scoring single by Adam Everett . The Royals took a 4 - 3 lead in the fourth on an RBI single by Justin Morneau and a run - scoring single by Joe Mauer , who was 2 - for - 4 with an RBI and a run scored . The Twins took a 4 - 3 lead in the fourth on an RBI single by Adam Everett and a run - scoring groundout by Adam Everett . But the Royals got a run back in the fourth on an RBI single by John Buck and a run - scoring groundout by Adam Everett . But the Twins could n't get the ball out of the infield , but the Twins could n't score .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Angels have been waiting for a long time to get back to the playoffs . Jon Garland pitched eight strong innings , Vladimir Guerrero had three hits and three RBIs and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Minnesota Twins 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Garland ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and six hits in eight innings , striking out none and walking one . The right - hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts , including a 4 - 0 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Monday . The Angels have won four straight and six of seven . Boof Bonser ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in six innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Mike Napoli homered and Garret Anderson had three hits and drove in two runs for the Twins , who have lost three of four . The Twins have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Twins have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Twins have lost six of their last seven games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Target Field this season . The Twins have lost six of their last seven games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Target Field this season . The Twins have lost six of their last seven games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Target Field this season .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Cody Ross and the New York Mets have been waiting for a big hit . Ross homered twice and drove in four runs , Fernando Tatis had a two - run double in the 12th inning and the New York Mets beat the Florida Marlins 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . David Wright led off the 12th with a single off Justin Miller ( 1 - 2 ) and advanced to second on Carlos Beltran 's sacrifice . After Hanley Ramirez flied out , Alfredo Amezaga hit a drive to right - center for his 12th homer of the season and first since July 26 . The Mets have won five of their last six games . Duaner Sanchez ( 1 - 0 ) earned his first major league win with two innings of one - hit relief , striking out two in two innings of relief . Florida starter Oliver Perez gave up five runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out seven , walked four and hit a batter . Luis Castillo hit a two - run homer in the first inning , and Mike Rabelo hit a solo shot in the third to give the Marlins a 2 - 1 lead . Ross led off the fifth with a drive to right - center off Oliver Perez , who gave up four runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out seven , walked four and hit a batter . Ross hit a solo shot in the fifth to give the Mets a 4 - 2 lead . It was Reyes ' first multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . It was the first multihomer game of his career and first since July 26 , 2011 , against the Mets . Ross hit a solo shot in the fifth for a 4 - 2 lead . It was his second homer of the season and second in two days . Ross led off the fifth with a drive to left - center for his second homer of the season and first since July 26 . He also hit a two - run shot in the first inning of the Marlins ' 3 - 2 win over the Marlins on Tuesday night . Ross hit his first homer of the season in the fifth to make it 4 - 2 . It was Reyes ' first multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . It was the first time the Mets hit back - to - back homers this season . Mike Jacobs hit a solo shot in the third for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Florida starter Scott Olsen gave up four runs and six hits in five innings .
CLEVELAND -- The Chicago White Sox finally got to Cleveland 's bullpen . Jhonny Peralta hit a go - ahead two - run homer in the seventh inning and the White Sox rallied for a 6 - 5 win over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Chicago 's Gavin Floyd ( 5 - 3 ) allowed five runs and eight hits over six - plus innings . He struck out seven and walked none . Bobby Jenks pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 16 chances . Rafael Betancourt ( 1 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up three hits and one run in two - plus innings . Carlos Quentin drove in three runs and A. J. Pierzynski had a run - scoring double for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Jermaine Dye hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Cleveland 's Jake Westbrook gave up three runs and five hits in five innings . The right - hander struck out three and walked two . Floyd ( 5 - 3 ) allowed five runs , four earned , and eight hits over six - plus innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the second time in four starts . The right - hander has allowed three runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a run - scoring single by Victor Martinez and a run - scoring single by David Dellucci . The White Sox tied it in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Jamey Carroll and a sacrifice fly by Ben Francisco . The White Sox tied it in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Quentin and a run - scoring double by David Dellucci . Chicago tied it at 2 in the fifth on a sacrifice fly by Joe Crede and an RBI double by A. J. Pierzynski . Chicago tied it at 3 in the seventh on Quentin 's sacrifice fly .
BALTIMORE -- The New York Yankees were in the midst of their worst slump of the season , and the New York Yankees did n't need much offense . Aubrey Huff hit a run - scoring single in the 11th inning , and the Orioles beat the New York Yankees 10 - 9 on Tuesday night to end a four - game losing streak . The Orioles have won five of six and are 5 - 1 against the Yankees this season . New York has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 in extra - inning games . New York has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost five of six and are 1 - 8 in extra - inning games . New York has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their current 10 - game road trip . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their current 10 - game road trip . The Yankees have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their current 10 - game road trip . The Yankees have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their current 10 - game homestand . The Yankees have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their current 10 - game homestand . The Yankees have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their current 10 - game homestand . New York has lost four of five . The Yankees have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their current 10 - game road trip . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 against the Orioles this season . New York has lost four straight and eight of 10 to fall into a first - place tie with Toronto in the AL East . The Orioles have lost six of seven . New York went up 9 - 8 in the bottom of the 11th , but Melvin Mora hit a two - run homer off Matt Albers ( 3 - 1 ) to make it 8 - 8 . Aubrey Huff singled in a run , Hideki Matsui singled in a run and Alex Cintron came home on a wild pitch .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Jose Reyes and the rest of the Florida Marlins have been waiting for a big hit . Reyes homered twice , Ricky Nolasco won for the first time in four starts and the Marlins beat the New York Mets 7 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight win . Reyes hit a solo homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the second inning , his second of the season , in the second inning off Mike Pelfrey ( 2 - 6 ) . It was his second multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Luis Gonzalez hit a three - run double and Matt Treanor had two hits and drove in a run for the Marlins , who have won four of five . Ricky Nolasco ( 4 - 3 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in five innings for the Marlins , who have won four of five . Mike Pelfrey ( 2 - 6 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- and six hits in four innings for the Mets . He walked three and struck out three . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on Matt Treanor 's RBI single and Reyes ' solo homer in the bottom half . The Marlins took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Matt Treanor and a run - scoring double by Mike Jacobs . Reyes homered leading off the bottom half to give the Marlins a 2 - 0 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Reyes , who hit a three - run shot in Tuesday 's 3 - 2 win over the Mets . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Dan Uggla and a run - scoring double by Matt Treanor . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by David Wright and a run - scoring double by Matt Treanor .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- Matt Garza pitched into the eighth inning , and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Garza ( 3 - 1 ) allowed four hits , walked four and struck out four . The right - hander was 0 - 3 in his previous five starts , including a 4 - 1 loss to the New York Yankees on April 8 . The right - hander allowed four hits , walked four and struck out four in 7 1/3 innings . The right - hander was coming off a three - hit shutout against Tampa Bay in his previous start , a 5 - 0 win over the New York Yankees . The Rays have won four of five and have won six of seven . The Orioles have lost four of five . Guthrie ( 2 - 5 ) gave up one run and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost four of five . The Orioles have lost four of five . The Orioles have lost four of five . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore went ahead 1 - 0 on Carl Crawford 's two - out single in the fifth . Carlos Pena added a sacrifice fly in the eighth for the Rays . Troy Percival pitched a perfect ninth for his 14th save in 16 opportunities . The Orioles have lost four of five . The Orioles have lost four of five . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore went ahead 1 - 0 on Carl Crawford 's RBI single in the fifth . The Orioles had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Troy Percival struck out Evan Longoria to end the threat .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Doug Davis did n't need much run support for the Arizona Diamondbacks . Chris Young hit a two - run homer , Davis pitched seven strong innings and the Diamondbacks beat the Atlanta Braves 11 - 1 on Tuesday night . Davis ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and five hits , struck out four and walked two . The right - hander was coming off a 1 - 1 loss to the Braves in his previous start , a 1 - 0 loss to the Los Angeles Dodgers on Wednesday . The Diamondbacks have won six of their last seven games . Davis hit a two - run homer in the sixth off Chris Resop , and Mark Reynolds added a solo shot in the eighth . Young 's two - run homer in the sixth gave the Diamondbacks a 10 - 1 lead . Young 's two - run homer in the sixth gave the Diamondbacks a 10 - 1 lead . It was the first homer of the season for Young , who hit a two - run shot in the ninth off Rafael Soriano to give the Diamondbacks a 10 - 1 lead . It was the first time Arizona had scored more than three runs in a game this season . Stephen Drew hit a solo homer in the first and Conor Jackson added a solo shot in the fifth for the Braves . Eric Byrnes also went deep for the Braves , who have won five of six . The Braves have lost six of seven . Reyes ( 0 - 2 ) gave up eight runs and six hits , including three homers , in five innings . He walked three and struck out four . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Braves have lost six of seven . Atlanta has lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . Atlanta has lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- The Milwaukee Brewers have been waiting for a long time to find a way to beat the Pittsburgh Pirates . Mike Cameron hit a two - run homer , Manny Parra pitched into the sixth inning and the Brewers beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Jason Bay hit a two - run homer in the ninth for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Parra ( 2 - 2 ) allowed four hits , struck out six and walked one in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Pirates have lost four of five . Paul Maholm ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 6 1 - 3 innings for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Brewers this season . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 since the All-Star break . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Brewers this season . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Pirates this season . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . The Pirates have lost four of five . Pittsburgh 's Corey Hart hit a solo homer in the ninth off Eric Gagne , who came on with the bases loaded and one out . Gagne walked Nate McLouth and Bill Hall to load the bases before striking out Adam LaRoche and getting Prince Fielder on a fly ball to end the game . The Pirates had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - hitter Luis Rivas reached on an error by third baseman J. J. Hardy , but Adam LaRoche was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second on Nate McLouth 's grounder to third . The Pirates had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Salomon Torres struck out Rickie Weeks and Bay to end the threat .
TORONTO -- John Lackey 's first win of the season came in the first inning . Lackey pitched seven innings to win for the first time in four starts , Brad Wilkerson hit a leadoff homer and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Toronto Blue Jays 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Lackey ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and seven hits in seven innings to win for the first time in four starts . He walked three and struck out six . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth for his 18th save in as many chances . Dustin McGowan ( 2 - 4 ) allowed three runs , two earned , and five hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He walked four and struck out four . Brad Shields worked the eighth and Scott Downs worked the eighth , and Francisco Rodriguez finished for his 18th save in 21 chances . Brad Wilkerson hit his first career leadoff homer for the Angels , who have lost five of six . Toronto 's Casey Kotchman hit a two - out RBI double in the third , but the Blue Jays reclaimed the lead in the seventh . Gary Matthews Jr. led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Vladimir Guerrero . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Garret Anderson . Toronto tied it in the third when Wilkerson doubled , took third on a wild pitch and scored on a sacrifice fly by Vladimir Guerrero . Blue Jays left - hander Jason Frasor came on in the seventh and gave up an RBI double to Casey Kotchman , but was replaced by Jason Shields . Jason Frasor came on and gave up an RBI single to Scutaro .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- Edinson Volquez has been a big part of the Cincinnati Reds ' rotation . Volquez pitched six innings of four - hit ball , Joey Votto hit a two - run homer and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Cleveland Indians 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Volquez ( 7 - 1 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings , striking out five and walking four . The right - hander has won his last three starts against the Indians , who have won four of five . Lee ( 6 - 1 ) gave up six runs , five earned , and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out two . Adam Dunn hit a solo homer for the Indians , who have lost three of their last four . The Indians have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park since the start of the 2006 season . The Reds have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 since the All-Star break . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park since the start of the 2006 season . The Reds have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 since the All-Star break . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Indians have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park since the start of the 2006 season . The Reds have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 since the All-Star break . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Indians have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park since the start of the 2006 season . The Reds have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park since the start of the 2006 season . The Reds have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park since the start of the 2006 season . The Reds have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park this season .
PHOENIX ( AP ) -- Randy Johnson has been a big part of the Arizona Diamondbacks ' four - game winning streak . The right - hander pitched seven shutout innings , Chris Young drove in three runs and the Diamondbacks beat the Detroit Tigers 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Johnson ( 4 - 1 ) allowed six hits , struck out five and walked one . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous five starts . The right - hander allowed six hits , struck out five and walked one . Johnson had a two - run double off Nate Robertson ( 1 - 5 ) in the fifth inning and a two - run double in the fifth to give the Diamondbacks a 2 - 0 lead . Chris Young had a two - run double in the fifth and Chris Young drove in three runs with a bases - loaded walk in the sixth . Chris Young had a two - run double in the fifth , and Chris Young drove in three runs with a bases - loaded walk in the sixth . Chris Young had a two - run double in the fifth , and Chris Young drove in three runs with a bases - loaded walk in the sixth . Chris Young had a two - run double in the fifth , and Chris Young drove in three runs with a bases - loaded walk in the sixth . Chris Young had a two - run double in the fifth , and Chris Young drove in three runs with a bases - loaded walk in the sixth . Young walked with the bases loaded to force in a run in the sixth .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Omar Infante has been waiting for the Atlanta Braves to get a chance to play in the field . The Atlanta Braves have n't been able to do much this season . Infante drove in two runs with a pinch - hit triple in the eighth inning , and the Atlanta Braves beat the Oakland Athletics 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Reyes ( 2 - 1 ) gave up two runs on eight hits and two walks in five innings . He struck out six . Bobby Crosby , Yunel Escobar and Brian McCann also drove in runs for the Braves . Justin Duchscherer ( 3 - 3 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Oakland has lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . Crosby gave the Braves a 1 - 0 lead in the first with a solo homer to left - center field . The Braves tied it at 1 in the bottom half on Escobar 's two - out , two - run single . Escobar had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . The Braves took a 3 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first . Gregor Blanco led off with a single , stole second and scored on Brian McCann 's ground - rule double to left - center . Escobar 's two - out , two - run single in the second gave the Braves a 3 - 1 lead . Escobar had three hits , including a two - run single in the second . Escobar had three hits , including a two - run double in the sixth that made it 3 - 2 .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Rich Harden 's first win in more than a month helped the Oakland Athletics end a four - game losing streak . Harden pitched seven strong innings , Ryan Sweeney hit a three - run homer and the Oakland Athletics beat the Atlanta Braves 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Harden ( 2 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits , struck out eight and walked one . The right - hander , who has a 2.91 ERA over his last five starts , has a 2.91 ERA over his last five starts . Harden is 2 - 0 with a 2.91 ERA in four starts against the Braves this season . Jack Cust hit a solo homer in the first off Tim Hudson ( 6 - 3 ) , who gave up five runs , five earned , and five hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out three . Sweeney hit a three - run homer in the second , and Sweeney 's three - run shot in the second gave the A 's a 4 - 0 lead . Sweeney hit a three - run homer in the second , and Daric Barton had a bases - loaded walk in the third to make it 5 - 1 . Hudson gave up five hits and five runs in five innings . He walked five and struck out three . The Braves scored three runs in the ninth off Huston Street , who blew his third save of the season . Street gave up a run - scoring single to Gregor Blanco and a run - scoring fielder 's choice grounder by Jeff Francoeur to cut the lead to 5 - 4 . Street blew a save for the third time in nine chances . Street gave up three runs in the ninth , including a run - scoring triple by Kelly Johnson and a run - scoring single by Gregor Blanco . Street gave up three runs and three hits in the ninth .
BOSTON ( AP ) -- The Boston Red Sox had a chance to win the game in the ninth inning . Mike Lowell hit a two - run homer , Craig Counsell had a two - run double and the Boston Red Sox rallied for a 7 - 6 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . The Red Sox won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 6 - 1 against the Brewers this season . The Red Sox scored two runs in the seventh to take a 5 - 0 lead . Lowell 's two - out , two - run double in the first gave Boston a 2 - 0 lead . Lowell 's two - out , two - run double in the first gave Boston a 2 - 0 lead . Lowell 's two - out , two - run double in the first gave Boston a 2 - 0 lead . Lowell 's two - out , two - run double in the first gave Boston a 2 - 0 lead . Lowell 's two - out , two - run double in the first gave Boston a 2 - 0 lead . Lowell 's two - out , two - run double in the first gave Boston a 2 - 0 lead . Lowell 's two - out , two - run double in the first gave Boston a 2 - 0 lead . Lowell 's two - out , two - run double in the first gave Boston a 2 - 0 lead . Lowell 's two - out , two - run double in the first gave Boston a 2 - 0 lead . Lowell 's two - out , two - run double in the first gave Boston a 2 - 0 lead . Lowell 's two - out , two - run double in the first gave Boston a 2 - 0 lead . Lowell 's two - out , two - run double in the first gave Boston a 2 - 0 lead . Lowell 's two - out , two - run double in the first gave Boston a 2 - 0 lead .
PHOENIX -- Brandon Webb has been a big part of the Arizona Diamondbacks ' rotation . Webb pitched into the eighth inning , Chris Snyder hit a three - run homer and the Diamondbacks beat the Colorado Rockies 8 - 5 on Tuesday night . Webb ( 9 - 0 ) allowed three runs and six hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Brandon Newman , Doug Slaten , Doug Slaten , Chad Qualls and Brian Fuentes combined to hold the Rockies to one run over the final three innings . Lyon earned his 12th save with a scoreless ninth . Stephen Drew had a career - high four hits and Orlando Hudson had two hits and two RBIs for the Diamondbacks . Cook ( 6 - 2 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out six . Chris Young had a pair of doubles and scored three runs for the Rockies , who have lost three of four . Chris Young had a three - run homer and Justin Upton added a two - run triple for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Colorado scored three runs in the eighth to cut it to 8 - 5 . Scott Podsednik had an RBI single and Ryan Spilborghs hit a sacrifice fly to cut it to 8 - 5 . Clint Barmes followed with a run - scoring groundout and Matt Holliday 's run - scoring single cut it to 8 - 5 . Brandon Lyon came on to strike out pinch - hitter Micah Owings for his 12th save in 13 chances . The Diamondbacks scored three runs in the first inning to take a 1 - 0 lead . Chris Young led off with a double and scored on Hudson 's single to center . Drew 's two - out , three - run homer in the fifth gave Colorado a 5 - 0 lead . Snyder 's three - run homer in the fifth gave the Diamondbacks a 5 - 0 lead . Drew 's two - run homer in the fifth made it 5 - 0 .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) -- Cole Hamels pitched a four - hitter for his second shutout of the season , and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Atlanta Braves 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Hamels ( 5 - 3 ) struck out six and walked two in his second career shutout and second this season . He had been 0 - 3 in his previous five starts . He had been 0 - 3 in his previous five starts . Hamels was 2 - 0 with a 2.89 ERA in three previous starts against the Braves , including a no - hitter in his last start . He had been 0 - 3 in his previous five starts . Hamels was 2 - 0 with a 2.89 ERA in three previous starts against the Braves , including a no - hitter in his last start . He had been 0 - 3 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous five starts . The Phillies were shut out for the third time this season . Ryan Howard and Shane Victorino each hit a two - run homer for the Phillies , who have won four of five . James James ( 2 - 3 ) gave up five runs and six hits in four innings . He walked five and struck out none . Pedro Feliz hit a solo homer in the second inning for the Braves , who have lost four straight and seven of nine . The Braves have lost four straight and seven of nine . The Braves have lost four straight and eight of 10 . They 've lost six of seven . Atlanta has lost four straight and eight of 10 . The Braves have lost four straight and seven of nine . They 've lost four straight and eight of 10 . The Braves have lost four straight and seven of nine . The Braves have lost four straight and eight of 10 . They 've lost six of seven .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- The Kansas City Royals ' offense has been the biggest problem for the Kansas City Royals . Jose Guillen hit a solo homer and drove in three runs , Matt Joyce hit a solo homer and the Royals beat the Detroit Tigers 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Meche ( 3 - 5 ) allowed three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Royals ' Kenny Rogers ( 3 - 4 ) gave up seven runs and 11 hits in four - plus innings . He walked three and struck out one . Jose Guillen hit a solo homer and drove in three runs for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Butler 's two - run double highlighted a three - run first inning off Kenny Rogers ( 3 - 4 ) , who gave up seven runs and 11 hits in four - plus innings . He walked three and struck out one . Magglio Ordonez had an RBI double in the eighth and Jose Guillen added an RBI single in the eighth for the Royals , who have won five of six . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals scored three runs in the first inning off Kenny Rogers ( 3 - 4 ) , who allowed a career - high seven runs and 11 hits in four - plus innings . He walked three and struck out one . The Royals scored three runs in the first , including a run - scoring single by Joey Gathright , and a run - scoring single by Curtis Granderson . Joyce 's sacrifice fly in the second scored Miguel Olivo , who led off the inning with a double and scored on Mark Teahen 's single . The Royals scored three runs in the first , including a two - run double by Butler and a run - scoring single by Joey Gathright , and a run - scoring single by Curtis Granderson . Joyce homered in the seventh .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- The Chicago Cubs have been waiting for Alfonso Soriano to come out of the game . Alfonso Soriano homered and drove in three runs , Tadahito Iguchi drove in three runs and the Cubs beat the San Diego Padres 8 - 5 on Tuesday night . Alfonso Soriano also homered and drove in three runs , and Geovany Soto hit a two - run homer for the Cubs . Ted Lilly ( 4 - 4 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out 11 and walked one . Chicago 's Jake Peavy ( 4 - 3 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in four - plus innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Alfonso Soriano homered and drove in three runs for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Padres manager Bud Black said he was n't worried about his team 's recent struggles . The Padres scored four runs in the fifth to take a 4 - 0 lead . Soriano 's two - out , two - run single gave the Cubs a 3 - 0 lead . Soriano 's two - out , two - run single in the second gave the Cubs a 3 - 0 lead . Soto 's two - run homer in the fifth gave the Cubs a 6 - 3 lead . Peavy ( 4 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out 11 and walked one . Peavy ( 4 - 3 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in four - plus innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The Padres scored four runs in the fifth to take a 4 - 0 lead . Soriano hit a two - run single and Soto added a two - run homer to make it 6 - 3 . The Cubs scored three times in the fifth to take a 4 - 0 lead . Kosuke Fukudome led off with a double and scored on Aramis Ramirez 's double . Aramis Ramirez followed with an RBI double to make it 4 - 0 . Soto hit a two - run homer off Wil Ledezma in the fifth to give the Cubs a 6 - 3 lead . Peavy ( 4 - 3 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in four innings . He struck out eight and walked two .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Toronto Blue Jays have n't been able to find a way to get back to the postseason . Matt Stairs hit a grand slam in the first inning , Roy Halladay pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Blue Jays beat the Minnesota Twins 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Halladay ( 4 - 5 ) allowed four runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight without a walk . Justin Morneau hit a two - run homer for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Boof Bonser ( 2 - 5 ) gave up five runs , five hits and three walks in six innings for the Twins , who have lost five of six . Scott Downs pitched a perfect ninth for his fifth save in five chances . Halladay ( 4 - 5 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Blue Jays scored four runs in the first inning off Boof Baker ( 2 - 5 ) , who gave up a run - scoring single to Michael Cuddyer and a run - scoring single to Brad Wilkerson . The Blue Jays took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Jason Kubel and a run - scoring single by Brad Wilkerson . The Blue Jays took a 4 - 0 lead in the first . Aaron Hill led off with a double and Stairs followed with his second homer of the season , a drive into the right - field seats . It was the first grand slam of the season for Stairs , who had a career - high four RBIs . The Blue Jays took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Brad Wilkerson and a run - scoring groundout by Michael Cuddyer .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- The New York Yankees are headed to the playoffs . Mike Mussina pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Robinson Cano had four hits and the Yankees beat the Tampa Bay Rays 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Mussina ( 6 - 3 ) allowed one run and five hits in 6 1/3 innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out four and walked one . Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth for his 11th save . James Shields ( 4 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 7 1/3 innings for the Rays , who have lost four of five . The Rays have lost five of six and are 1 - 4 on their current homestand . Tampa Bay has lost four of five . The Rays have lost six of seven . Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 0 in the fourth on Bobby Abreu 's RBI double , but the Yankees tied it in the fifth on a two - out RBI single by Dioner Navarro . Tampa Bay went up 2 - 0 in the fifth on Cano 's two - out RBI single . Cano had a two - out RBI single in the fifth to make it 2 - 0 . Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 0 in the fourth on Bobby Abreu 's two - out RBI double . Tampa Bay went up 2 - 0 in the fifth on a two - out RBI single by Bobby Abreu , who was 0 - for - 4 with two strikeouts . Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 0 in the fourth on a two - out RBI single by Pena .
CHICAGO -- Carlos Zambrano took a few steps toward the mound to watch the Chicago Cubs ' 12 - 3 win over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night . Zambrano pitched seven strong innings , Alfonso Soriano hit a two - run homer and the Cubs roughed up Randy Wolf in a 12 - 3 victory over the San Diego Padres . Zambrano ( 6 - 1 ) allowed three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . Wolf ( 2 - 3 ) gave up seven runs -- seven earned -- and eight hits in four - plus innings . He walked five and struck out two . Jody Gerut hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Padres , who have lost five of six . Soriano 's two - run homer in the fifth gave the Cubs a 3 - 2 lead . Soriano 's two - run shot in the fifth gave the Cubs a 3 - 2 lead . Soriano 's two - run shot in the fifth gave the Cubs a 3 - 2 lead , and the Cubs broke it open with five runs in the fifth . Aramis Ramirez hit a run - scoring single and Kosuke Fukudome walked with the bases loaded to force in a run . Geovany Soto followed with a two - run single , and Mark DeRosa added a run - scoring single to make it 7 - 2 . DeRosa added an RBI single in the fifth , and Soriano hit a two - run homer off Justin Germano in the fifth to give the Cubs a 3 - 2 lead . Soriano 's two - run homer in the fifth gave the Cubs a 3 - 2 lead . It was Soriano 's third homer of the season and second in two days . Soriano 's two - run shot in the fifth gave the Cubs a 3 - 2 lead . It was Soriano 's third homer of the season and second in two days . Soriano 's two - run shot in the fifth gave the Cubs a 3 - 2 lead . It was Soriano 's third homer of the season and second in two days . The Cubs scored three times in the fifth to take a 12 - 2 lead . Aramis Ramirez hit a run - scoring single and Mark DeRosa added a run - scoring single to make it 7 - 2 . The Padres added three more in the sixth on a two - run single by DeRosa and a run - scoring single by Edgar Gonzalez .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- The Pittsburgh Pirates have been waiting for the Atlanta Braves to get back to .500 . Zach Duke pitched six innings of five - hit ball and Adam LaRoche hit a two - run homer , leading the Pirates to a 5 - 0 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . Duke ( 2 - 2 ) allowed five hits , walked five and struck out three . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous five starts . The Pirates have won five of six and are a season - worst five games under .500 . Jair Jurrjens ( 3 - 3 ) allowed three runs and three hits in five innings for the Braves , who have lost three of four . The Braves have lost four of five . Atlanta 's Chipper Jones went 3 - for - 4 with a walk and is batting .410 ( 20 - for - 40 ) with three homers and nine RBIs in his last 10 games . The Pirates have lost four of five . Atlanta 's Freddy Sanchez hit a three - run double in the fifth inning to give the Pirates a 3 - 0 lead . Sanchez 's two - run homer off Manny Acosta in the eighth made it 5 - 0 . LaRoche added a two - run shot in the eighth off Manny Acosta . It was his third homer of the season and second in two games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games against the Braves , who have lost four of five . Atlanta has lost four of five . The Braves have lost four of five . Atlanta has lost four of five .
ARLINGTON , Texas ( AP ) -- Emil Brown and the Oakland Athletics finally got a big hit . Brown hit a three - run homer in the first inning , Emil Brown added a three - run shot and the A 's beat the Texas Rangers 12 - 6 on Tuesday night . Brown hit a three - run homer in the first inning and added a run - scoring single in the sixth to give the A 's a 5 - 4 lead . The A 's scored four runs in the sixth to take a 6 - 5 lead . Ian Kinsler led off the inning with a single , stole second and came home on a wild pitch by Franklyn German ( 1 - 1 ) . Brown hit a three - run homer in the first and Brown added a two - run shot in the ninth for the A 's , who have won four of five . Santiago Casilla ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two hits in 1 1/3 innings for the win . Daric Barton hit a two - run homer in the ninth for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Texas starter Sidney Ponson ( 2 - 0 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . The right - hander walked five and struck out one . The Rangers took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Frank Thomas and a run - scoring double by Jack Cust . Milton Bradley 's RBI double in the bottom of the first gave Texas a 4 - 4 lead , but the Rangers tied it in the bottom of the inning on a two - run homer by Brown and a two - run shot by Brown .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- The Baltimore Orioles have n't been able to find a way to get back into the postseason . Aubrey Huff hit a three - run homer , Alex Gordon also went deep and the Orioles beat the Kansas City Royals 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Melvin Mora and Aubrey Huff each hit a two - run homer , and Steve Trachsel ( 2 - 4 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Orioles , who have won four of five . George Sherrill pitched the ninth for his 12th save . Meche ( 2 - 5 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out two . Gordon hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Huff hit a three - run shot in the fifth to give the Orioles a 5 - 2 lead . Huff hit a three - run homer in the fifth to give the Orioles a 5 - 2 lead . The Orioles added two more runs in the seventh on a run - scoring single by John Buck and a run - scoring single by Kevin Millar . Melvin Mora hit a two - run homer in the third for the Royals , who have lost five of six . The Royals had a chance to score in the first when Brian Roberts led off with a single , stole second and went to third on a wild pitch . But Trachsel struck out Ross Gload and got Huff to ground into an inning - ending double play . Royals right - hander Yasuhiko Yabuta , who was recalled from Triple-A Norfolk before the game , pitched two scoreless innings .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- The Tampa Bay Rays are on the verge of a playoff berth . James Shields threw a one - hitter , Evan Longoria hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Los Angeles Angels 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Shields ( 4 - 2 ) struck out eight and walked none in his second complete game of the season . The right - hander struck out eight and walked none in his second complete game of the season . Tampa Bay 's Jon Garland pitched eight innings of four - hit ball in his first career complete game . The right - hander struck out two and walked three . Jon Garland pitched eight innings of four - hit ball for the Angels , who have won four of five . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven .
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- The Texas Rangers have been in first place in the AL West . Vicente Padilla pitched two - hit ball over seven innings , Milton Bradley homered and the Texas Rangers beat the Seattle Mariners 2 - 0 on Friday night . Padilla ( 5 - 2 ) allowed two hits and struck out eight in seven innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out eight , walked two and threw 57 of his 91 pitches for strikes . He struck out a season - high eight and walked two . The Rangers have won six of their past eight games and have won six of their last seven . Erik Bedard ( 2 - 2 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings for the Mariners . He struck out five and walked one . Brandon Boggs hit a two - out triple in the fourth to give the Rangers a 1 - 0 lead . Milton Bradley homered in the sixth for a 2 - 0 lead . It was Bradley 's second homer of the season and second in two days . It was the second time this season the Rangers have hit back - to - back home runs . Brandon Boggs had a two - out RBI triple in the fourth to give the Rangers a 1 - 0 lead . It was the second time this season the Rangers have hit back - to - back home runs . Bradley led off the sixth with a line drive into the left - field seats . It was his fourth of the season and second in two days . Bradley 's homer in the sixth gave the Rangers a 2 - 0 lead .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Garret Anderson and the Los Angeles Angels are on a roll . Anderson homered and drove in five runs , Darren Oliver ( 2 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings and Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth for his 14th save in as many chances as the Angels beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Anderson had three hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in five runs for the Angels , who have won four of five . Anderson had three hits , including a three - run homer off Brian Bannister ( 3 - 4 ) that put the Angels ahead 3 - 3 in the fourth . Anderson hit a three - run homer in the fourth and added an RBI single in the seventh . Darren Oliver ( 2 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth for his 14th save in 16 chances . Bannister ( 3 - 4 ) gave up five runs and 13 hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . Royals starter Nick Adenhart gave up three runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out three . The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Alex Gordon and a run - scoring double by Ross Gload . Anderson hit a three - run homer in the fourth to give the Angels a 3 - 0 lead . Anderson hit a three - run homer in the fourth to give the Angels a 3 - 0 lead .
TORONTO -- The Chicago White Sox needed a strong outing from Dustin McGowan . McGowan pitched four - hit ball into the eighth inning , Matt Stairs homered and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the White Sox 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . McGowan ( 2 - 2 ) allowed four hits in 7 1/3 innings , struck out six and walked none . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his past six starts . Shawn Camp got two outs in the eighth and B. J. Ryan worked the ninth for his fifth save in as many chances . Javier Vazquez ( 3 - 3 ) allowed one run and eight hits in 7 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out a season - high nine . Matt Stairs hit a solo homer in the seventh for the White Sox , who have lost three of four . Chicago 's Shannon Stewart had three hits , and Shannon Stewart had three hits for the Blue Jays , who have lost three of four . Chicago 's Shannon Stewart had three hits , extending his hitting streak to a career - high 13 games . The Blue Jays have lost six of their past eight games . Chicago 's Shannon Stewart had three hits , extending his hitting streak to a career - high 13 games . The Blue Jays have lost six of their past eight games . Chicago 's Carlos Quentin went 0 - for - 4 and is hitless in his past 21 at - bats . He is hitless in his past 16 at - bats .. .. White Sox LHP Bobby Jenks , who was activated off the 15 - day disabled list to make his first start of the season , was activated from the 15 - day disabled list to make his first start of the season . He was activated from the 15 - day disabled list before the game .
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- The Seattle Mariners have been waiting for Wladimir Balentien and the rest of the Seattle Mariners . Wladimir Balentien hit a three - run homer in the third inning , Milton Bradley had a two - run double and the Mariners beat the Texas Rangers 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Wladimir Balentien hit a three - run homer in the third inning and Richie Sexson also went deep for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Washburn ( 2 - 4 ) allowed three runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Seattle 's Kevin Millwood ( 2 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in three - plus innings . He struck out two and walked one . Wladimir Balentien hit a three - run homer in the third inning for the Rangers , who have lost five of six . The Rangers have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Rangers have lost six of seven . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas has lost four of five . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas has lost four of five . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas has lost four of five . The Rangers scored three runs in the first inning off Kevin Millwood ( 2 - 3 ) . Jose Lopez and Raul Ibanez had RBI singles in the inning to give the Mariners a 3 - 0 lead . Balentien 's three - run homer in the third made it 7 - 0 .
DENVER -- Aaron Cook pitched effectively into the eighth inning , Andre Ethier and Andre Ethier homered and the Colorado Rockies beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cook ( 5 - 1 ) allowed two runs and nine hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Taylor Buchholz got the last four outs for his first career save , and Taylor Buchholz got the last four outs for his first save . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Matt Holliday 's RBI single and Omar Quintanilla 's RBI double . Chris Iannetta followed with a sacrifice fly to make it 3 - 0 . Andre Ethier hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Lowe ( 2 - 2 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Chris Iannetta and a run - scoring double by Omar Quintanilla . The Rockies made it 3 - 0 in the second on a run - scoring single by Holliday and a run - scoring single by Garrett Atkins . The Dodgers made it 5 - 1 in the fifth on a run - scoring single by Chris Iannetta and a run - scoring single by Omar Quintanilla . The Dodgers took a 5 - 1 lead in the fifth on a run - scoring single by Holliday and a run - scoring single by Omar Quintanilla . The Dodgers added a run in the sixth on an RBI single by Omar Quintanilla and a run - scoring single by Jonathan Herrera .
PHOENIX -- The New York Mets ' pitching staff had a lot to do with it . Ryan Church hit a solo homer and drove in three runs , Jose Reyes had four hits and the Mets beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Mets starter John Maine ( 3 - 2 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out six and walked two . David Wright had three hits , including a two - run homer , for the Mets , who have won four of five . Micah Owings ( 4 - 1 ) gave up seven runs , six earned , and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Owings had a career - high four hits and scored three runs for the Mets , who have lost four of five . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on Ryan Church 's sacrifice fly and a run - scoring single by Chris Young . Church 's sacrifice fly in the second made it 4 - 0 , and Wright 's two - run homer in the sixth gave the Mets a 7 - 2 lead . It was the second time this season the Mets have hit back - to - back home runs . Wright 's two - run homer in the sixth gave the Mets a 7 - 2 lead . It was the first time the Mets scored at least 10 runs in a game this season , according to information provided to the Mets by the Elias Sports Bureau . It was the second time this season the Mets have hit back - to - back home runs . The Diamondbacks scored three runs in the first inning off Owings , who had allowed only one run in his previous three starts combined . Reyes led off with a double and scored on Miguel Montero 's double . Church followed with a sacrifice fly to make it 4 - 2 . Wright 's two - run homer in the sixth made it 7 - 2 .
MIAMI ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Dodgers ' bullpen could n't hold the lead . Matt Kemp singled in the go - ahead run in the ninth inning and the Dodgers rallied for a 5 - 3 victory over the Florida Marlins on Tuesday night . The Dodgers won for only the second time in eight games . The Dodgers have lost four of five . Gregg ( 3 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing two runs , one earned , and one hit in one inning . Florida 's Hiroki Kuroda allowed three runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked none . Joe Beimel ( 3 - 0 ) got the final out in the eighth for the win . Takashi Saito pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save in four chances . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Andre Ethier 's RBI single . Hanley Ramirez 's RBI double in the third gave the Marlins a 1 - 0 lead . The Marlins tied it in the fourth on a two - run double by Juan Pierre and a run - scoring single by Andre Ethier . Ross allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . Florida starter Burke Badenhop allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Andre Ethier 's RBI single . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Chin-lung Hu hit a two - out single , stole second and scored on a single by Andre Ethier .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- The New York Yankees are on the verge of a playoff berth . Scott Feldman pitched effectively into the sixth inning , Alex Rodriguez homered and the Texas Rangers beat Mike Mussina and the New York Yankees 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Mussina ( 10 - 6 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Feldman ( 2 - 3 ) gave up one run and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last four starts , including a 4 - 3 loss to the Yankees in his last outing . The Rangers have won four of five and have won six of their last seven . The Rangers have won four straight and seven of nine . They have won six of their last seven games and have won eight of their last 11 against the Yankees . The Rangers have lost six of seven and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . They have won eight of their last 10 games against the Yankees , who have the best record in the majors at 21 - 11 . They 've lost six of their last seven games and are 2 - 4 against the Rangers this season . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand .
LOS ANGELES -- John Lackey took a no - hitter into the eighth inning , and the Los Angeles Angels ' bullpen did the rest . Lackey pitched three - hit ball into the ninth inning , Mike Napoli hit an RBI single and the Angels beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Lackey ( 6 - 1 ) allowed three hits in 8 2/3 innings , struck out nine and walked two . Francisco Rodriguez got the final out for his 32nd save in 34 chances . Derek Lowe ( 5 - 8 ) gave up one run and five hits in seven innings , struck out seven and walked two . The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 2.77 ERA in three starts against the Angels this season . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Mike Napoli 's RBI single . Mike Napoli drove in the Angels ' first run with a two - out single in the second . The Angels had runners on first and second with one out in the second , but Lowe escaped the jam by getting Lowe to ground into a double play . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Juan Rivera led off with a single and scored on Mike Napoli 's two - out single . The Angels had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Lowe escaped the jam by getting Lowe to ground into a 1 - 2 - 3 double play . Los Angeles loaded the bases with one out in the second , but Lowe escaped the jam by getting Lowe to ground into a double play .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- Jason Bay 's first game - ending home run of the season came off the Tampa Bay Rays ' closer . Bay hit a game - ending homer with two outs in the 13th inning , lifting the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 4 - 3 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . The Pirates won for the sixth time in seven games . Jason Hammel ( 3 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up one run and one hit in 1 2/3 innings . John Van Benschoten ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a perfect inning for the win , and Jason Bartlett hit a solo homer in the eighth for the Rays , who have won four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . The Rays have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- Evan Longoria and the Tampa Bay Rays are on a roll . Longoria went 4 - for - 5 with a home run and three RBIs , and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 10 - 5 on Tuesday night . Longoria had four hits , including a three - run homer in the first inning and a two - run single in the fourth . He also doubled and scored in the seventh . Longoria had four hits , including a three - run homer in the first inning , and a two - run single in the fourth . He also doubled and scored in the seventh . Longoria had four hits , including a three - run homer in the first , and an RBI single in the fourth . He also doubled and scored in the seventh . Eric Hinske hit a three - run homer and Carl Crawford also went deep for the Pirates , who have won four of five . Rays starter Scott Kazmir ( 7 - 3 ) gave up four runs , three earned , and five hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . Barthmaier ( 0 - 1 ) gave up seven runs and seven hits in 2 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked two and struck out two . Freddy Sanchez and Eric Hinske also homered for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Pittsburgh has lost five of six . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Rays this season . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Pirates this season . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Pirates this season . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Pirates this season . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Pirates this season . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Pirates this season . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Pirates this season .
BOSTON ( AP ) -- Tim Wakefield 's knuckleball was n't a problem for the Boston Red Sox . Wakefield pitched two - hit ball over seven innings , Kevin Cash hit a three - run homer and the Boston Red Sox beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Wakefield ( 5 - 5 ) allowed two hits , struck out six and walked one in seven innings to win for the first time in four starts . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last six starts . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games . Johnson 's three - run homer in the eighth off Craig Hansen gave the Red Sox a 5 - 0 lead . Kevin Cash added a three - run homer in the eighth . Jonathan Papelbon got the final out for his 23rd save in 26 chances . Coco Crisp had three hits and Mike Lowell had two hits and scored three runs for the Red Sox , who have won four of five . Johnson ( 4 - 6 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Brandon Moss and a run - scoring double by Dustin Pedroia . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Brandon Moss and a sacrifice fly by Brandon Moss . The Diamondbacks added a run in the sixth on a double by Crisp and a sacrifice fly by Brandon Moss . Lowell doubled and scored on Brandon Moss ' sacrifice fly in the sixth .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Jose Reyes and the New York Mets have been waiting for a lot of home runs . Jose Reyes hit a three - run homer , John Maine pitched six solid innings and the New York Mets beat the Seattle Mariners 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Wright hit a two - run shot in the second inning and a three - run shot in the third , his first home run since July 29 , 2009 , against the New York Mets . Reyes hit a three - run homer in the third inning and a three - run shot in the third . He also stole a base and scored on a sacrifice fly by Ichiro Suzuki . Maine ( 8 - 5 ) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out three and walked two . The right - hander is 5 - 0 in his last six starts . The Mets have won six of their last seven games , and the Mets have lost six of seven . Miguel Batista ( 3 - 10 ) allowed a career - high eight runs and five hits in 2 2/3 innings . He walked five and struck out three . Wright hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Reyes added a three - run shot in the third to give the Mets a 4 - 0 lead . Wright hit a two - run shot in the second and Reyes added a three - run shot in the third to give the Mets a 4 - 0 lead . It was the first homer for Reyes , who hit a three - run shot in the first game of the series against the New York Mets . Wright hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Reyes added a three - run shot in the third to give the Mets a 4 - 0 lead .
LOS ANGELES -- Eric Stults pitched a four - hitter for his second career shutout , and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Chicago White Sox 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Stults ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a four - hitter for his first career shutout and the Dodgers beat the White Sox 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . The White Sox have won three of their past four games and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . Eric Stults ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a four - hitter for his second career shutout and second this season . He pitched a four - hitter for his first career shutout and second this season . The right - hander , who threw a no - hitter in his previous start against the Los Angeles Dodgers , pitched a four - hitter for his first career shutout and second shutout of the season . The right - hander was 0 - 4 in his previous six starts against the White Sox , including a no - hitter in his previous start , when he pitched seven innings of one - hit ball in a 5 - 0 victory . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous six starts against the White Sox , including a no - hitter in his previous start , when he gave up six runs in 4 1/3 innings of a 10 - 0 loss to the Chicago White Sox . Gavin Floyd ( 8 - 4 ) gave up five runs , four earned , and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts against the Dodgers .
CHICAGO -- The Baltimore Orioles have n't been able to find a way to make the playoffs . Jeremy Guthrie pitched six solid innings , Brian Roberts had three hits and an RBI and the Orioles beat the Chicago Cubs 7 - 5 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight win . Kosuke Fukudome and Nick Markakis each had a pair of RBI doubles , and Luke Scott had a two - run triple for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Guthrie ( 4 - 7 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked one . George Sherrill got the final four outs for his 26th save in 30 chances . Sean Marshall ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings for Chicago . He struck out seven and walked one . Jim Edmonds hit a three - run homer in the seventh for the Cubs , who have lost five of six . The Orioles have lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . They 've scored just four runs in their last three games . The Cubs have lost four in a row and six of seven . The Orioles have lost four of five . The Cubs have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Cubs have lost four of five . The Cubs have lost four of five . The Cubs have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros are on the verge of a playoff spot . Brian Moehler pitched into the seventh inning and Lance Berkman hit a two - run homer , leading the Astros to a 4 - 3 victory over the Texas Rangers on Tuesday night . Moehler ( 4 - 3 ) allowed one run and five hits with five strikeouts in 6 1/3 innings . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 2.41 ERA in his last five starts . Jose Valverde got the final four outs for his 19th save in 21 chances . Ramon Vazquez hit a two - run homer in the ninth for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Eric Vazquez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings for the Rangers . He walked three and struck out one . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Michael Young 's RBI single . Ty Wigginton had a run - scoring single in the second inning and Humberto Quintero doubled in a run in the second . Houston tied it at 1 - all in the second when Ty Wigginton hit a two - out single and scored on a two - out double by Humberto Quintero . The Rangers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second when Berkman doubled and scored on a single by Michael Young to make it 2 - 1 . The Rangers tied it in the bottom of the inning when Miguel Tejada drew a leadoff walk and scored on a single by Humberto Quintero . The Rangers tied it in the bottom of the inning on Berkman 's two - run homer off Joaquin Benoit .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- Brandon Backe did n't need much run support for the Houston Astros . Backe pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Carlos Lee hit a two - run homer and the Houston Astros beat the Tampa Bay Rays 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Backe ( 5 - 8 ) allowed two runs and six hits over 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . The right - hander has won his last three starts against the Rays , who have won five of six . The Astros have won six of seven and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . Scott Kazmir ( 6 - 3 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Longoria put the Astros up 3 - 2 with a two - run homer in the second off Scott Kazmir ( 6 - 3 ) , who gave up three runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . Longoria put the Astros up 3 - 2 with a two - run homer in the second off Scott Kazmir ( 6 - 3 ) , who gave up three runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander struck out seven and walked two . Carlos Lee cut the deficit to 3 - 2 with a two - run homer in the sixth . Pence led off the fifth with a homer to left - center off Kazmir , who gave up three runs and four hits over 5 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Longoria put the Astros up 3 - 2 with a two - run homer in the second . Pence led off the fifth with a homer to left - center off Kazmir .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- The Chicago Cubs have been waiting for Aramis Ramirez to come off the disabled list . Aramis Ramirez homered and drove in four runs , Jason Marquis won for the first time in four starts and the Cubs beat the Chicago White Sox 11 - 7 on Tuesday night . Aramis Ramirez hit a three - run homer and Dewayne Wise added a two - run shot for the Cubs , who have won four of five . Marquis ( 6 - 3 ) allowed five runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . Jermaine Dye hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Dewayne Wise added a two - run shot in the fourth to give the White Sox a 9 - 4 lead . Mike Fontenot also homered for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Contreras gave up a season - high nine runs and 10 hits in 3 1/3 innings . He struck out a season - high 10 and walked two . Chicago 's Jose Contreras ( 6 - 6 ) gave up a career - high nine runs and 10 hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out one . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Jim Edmonds ' second two - run homer of the game and a two - run shot by Dewayne Wise . The White Sox took a 6 - 4 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring single by A. J. Pierzynski and a run - scoring single by Kosuke Fukudome . The White Sox tied it at 4 in the fourth on a two - run homer by Jermaine Dye and a two - run shot by Aramis Ramirez off Boone Logan . The White Sox took a 6 - 4 lead in the fourth on a two - run homer by Jim Edmonds and a two - run shot by Dewayne Wise . The White Sox took a 6 - 4 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Eric Patterson and a run - scoring single by Kosuke Fukudome . The White Sox scored three times in the fourth to take a 10 - 4 lead . Ramirez hit a three - run homer off Boone Logan , who was making his major league debut after being recalled from Triple-A Charlotte earlier in the day . Boone Logan gave up a run - scoring single to Eric Patterson and a run - scoring single to Mark DeRosa . The White Sox scored three times in the fourth to take a 10 - 4 lead . Quentin led off with a double and scored on Kosuke Fukudome 's single . Ramirez followed with a three - run homer to give the Cubs a 9 - 4 lead . It was the third time this season the Cubs have hit back - to - back home runs . Dye hit a two - run shot in the fourth to make it 3 - 1 , but the White Sox responded in the bottom half on a two - run homer by Ramirez .
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) -- The San Diego Padres are on the verge of a playoff berth . Curtis Granderson hit a leadoff homer in the first inning and the San Diego Padres beat the Detroit Tigers 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Padres have won three straight for the first time since a three - game winning streak from July 26 - 29 . The Padres have won five of six . The Tigers have lost six of seven . Maddux allowed one run and five hits in seven innings , struck out four and walked one . The right - hander was coming off his worst start of the season , when he gave up seven runs in 4 1/3 innings of a 10 - 1 loss at San Diego . The Tigers , who have lost five of six , took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Curtis Granderson 's leadoff homer and Chase Headley 's solo shot in the fourth . Headley tied it at 1 in the fourth with his second homer of the season . It was his second of the season and second in two games . Headley tied it at 1 in the fourth with his second homer of the season . It was the first time the Padres hit back - to - back homers this season . Headley tied it at 1 in the fourth with his second homer of the season . It was the first time the Padres hit back - to - back homers this season . The Tigers tied it at 1 in the bottom of the inning when Edgar Gonzalez singled , stole second and scored on Jody Gerut 's double - play grounder . The Tigers tied it at 1 in the bottom half on Polanco 's two - out solo homer .
MILWAUKEE -- Prince Fielder and the Milwaukee Brewers did n't need much offense . Prince Fielder and Russell Branyan hit three - run homers , Dave Bush pitched eight strong innings and the Brewers beat the Toronto Blue Jays 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Corey Hart hit a two - run double in the first inning , and Russell Branyan hit a three - run homer in the third to give Milwaukee a 6 - 0 lead . Bush ( 3 - 7 ) allowed one run and two hits in eight innings . He struck out two and walked one . Salomon Torres got the final out in the ninth for his 10th save . Burnett ( 6 - 7 ) gave up eight runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out five . Toronto 's Joe Inglett hit a three - run homer in the ninth off Tim Riske , who was making his major league debut . Lyle Overbay hit a two - run homer in the ninth for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Toronto has won four of five . The Blue Jays have won five of their last six games against the Blue Jays , who have the worst record in the majors at 21 - 11 . The Blue Jays have lost four of their last five games . The Blue Jays scored two runs in the first inning off A. J. Burnett ( 6 - 7 ) , who allowed eight runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out five . Branyan hit a three - run homer in the third and Fielder added a solo shot in the fifth to give the Brewers a 6 - 0 lead . Fielder led off the fifth with his 14th homer of the season , a two - run shot that made it 6 - 0 . Branyan hit a three - run homer in the third to make it 6 - 0 . The Blue Jays added two more runs in the eighth on Alex Rios ' RBI single .
PHOENIX -- Justin Upton was n't surprised to see Keith Foulke ( 0 - 2 ) intentionally walked Mark Ellis to load the bases with one out in the eighth inning . Upton hit the first pitch of the eighth inning into the right - field seats , sending the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 2 - 1 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . The Diamondbacks took two of three from the A 's , who have won five of six . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . The A 's have lost five of six . The A 's have lost five of six . The A 's have lost six of seven . Upton hit a 1 - 2 pitch from Keith Foulke ( 0 - 2 ) into the left - field seats for his first home run of the season . It was the second time this season the Diamondbacks have hit back - to - back homers . Justin Upton hit a solo homer in the eighth off reliever Ramon Pena ( 1 - 1 ) to give the A 's a 1 - 0 lead . The A 's tied it in the sixth when Mark Reynolds walked , stole second and scored on a sacrifice fly by Chris Young . Oakland starter Doug Davis struck out eight in six innings , allowing one run and three hits . He walked two and struck out eight . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Jack Cust 's RBI single , but the A 's tied it in the sixth on a sacrifice fly by Chris Young and a sacrifice fly by Chris Young . Oakland starter Greg Smith allowed one run and three hits in five innings .
DENVER -- Jeff Francis was n't surprised to see the Colorado Rockies get a win . Francis pitched six solid innings , Jeff Baker and Jamey Carroll each drove in a run and the Rockies beat the Cleveland Indians 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Francis ( 3 - 6 ) allowed one earned run and five hits in six innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter . Brian Fuentes pitched the ninth for his 12th save . Aaron Laffey ( 4 - 4 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in six innings for the Indians . He walked three and struck out one . Omar Quintanilla had two hits and drove in two runs for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Cleveland took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning on Omar Quintanilla 's RBI double and Jamey Carroll 's RBI double . Baker led off the fourth with his 12th homer of the season and second in two games . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Omar Quintanilla 's RBI double and Jamey Carroll 's two - out RBI double . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Omar Quintanilla 's RBI double and a run - scoring double by Omar Quintanilla . Cleveland took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Baker led off with a single , stole second and scored on Quintanilla 's double to right . Baker led off the fourth with a homer to right , his third of the season and first since July 26 . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Jamey Carroll .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- The Tampa Bay Rays are on the verge of a playoff berth . Evan Longoria and Cliff Floyd homered , Scott Kazmir struck out seven in 4 2/3 innings and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Chicago Cubs 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Kazmir allowed one run and three hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Grant Balfour ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Troy Percival gave up a run in the ninth but earned his 16th save in 18 opportunities . The Rays have won six of seven , including a three - game sweep of the Cubs at Wrigley Field in which they dropped two of three to the Rays . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs , who have lost four of five , have lost six of seven . The Cubs , who have lost four of five , took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Ryan Theriot 's RBI single . The Cubs tied it at 1 in the fifth on a two - out RBI single by Ryan Theriot . The Cubs tied it at 1 on Floyd 's first homer of the season in the bottom half . The Rays tied it at 1 in the fifth on a two - out solo homer by Floyd off Neal Cotts ( 0 - 1 ) . The Rays tied it at 1 in the fifth on a two - out solo homer by Floyd off Ryan Dempster . It was the first home run allowed by Dempster in five starts this season . Dempster gave up two runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked two .
ARLINGTON , Texas ( AP ) -- Tim Hudson has been a big part of the Texas Rangers ' pitching staff . Vicente Padilla pitched two - hit ball into the seventh inning , Brian McCann hit a three - run homer and the Rangers beat Tim Hudson and the Atlanta Braves 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Hudson ( 9 - 5 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . Padilla ( 9 - 3 ) allowed two runs , one earned , and two hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his previous five starts . The Rangers have lost five of six . Atlanta 's Marlon Byrd hit a solo homer in the sixth , and Omar Infante hit a solo shot in the sixth for a 7 - 2 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Padilla in his last five starts , and he has allowed three runs or fewer in each of his last six starts . The Rangers have won five of six . The Braves , who have lost four of five , took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by David Murphy . Hamilton 's homer in the first gave the Rangers a 1 - 0 lead . It was the third time this season the Rangers have hit back - to - back homers . Milton Bradley had a two - run single in the third , and Hamilton 's RBI groundout made it 6 - 0 in the fifth . The Braves scored three times in the sixth to make it 6 - 2 . McCann hit a three - run homer off Jeff Guardado to make it 7 - 5 . It was McCann 's eighth homer of the season and second in two games .
DENVER -- Jair Jurrjens had a simple explanation for his success against the Colorado Rockies . Jurrjens pitched into the eighth inning , Chipper Jones had two hits and two RBIs and the Atlanta Braves beat the Colorado Rockies 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Jurrjens ( 6 - 3 ) allowed eight hits , walked two and struck out seven . He also hit a batter , walked two and threw a wild pitch . The Rockies have won five of six and are a season - high 15 games over .500 . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 1 - 7 ) gave up three runs , two earned , and four hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked five . Jeff Francoeur had a two - run double in the seventh for the Braves , who have won four of five . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Coors Field this season . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Coors Field this season .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- Seth McClung was n't surprised to see Mike Cameron hit a home run . Cameron hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the sixth inning and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the Minnesota Twins 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . McClung ( 4 - 3 ) gave up two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the second time in his last four starts . Salomon Torres pitched a perfect ninth for his eighth save in 10 chances . Mike Cameron hit a two - run homer and Jason Kubel also went deep for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Baker ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked two . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Brendan Harris hit a one - out double and scored on a single by Russell Branyan . The Twins tied it in the fifth on a sacrifice fly by Alexi Casilla . The Twins tied it in the bottom half when Cameron hit a two - out double and scored on Russell Branyan 's single . The Twins tied it at 1 in the fifth on a two - out homer by Jason Kubel , who was activated from the 15 - day disabled list earlier in the day . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Alexi Casilla 's sacrifice fly . Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Russell Branyan 's RBI single . The Twins tied it in the fifth on a two - out homer by Kubel .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- The Pittsburgh Pirates had a chance to take a 4 - 0 lead in the ninth inning . Adam LaRoche singled in the go - ahead run in the 10th inning , and the Pittsburgh Pirates rallied to beat the Baltimore Orioles 5 - 4 on Wednesday night . Baltimore trailed 4 - 2 before scoring four runs in the ninth off George Sherrill ( 2 - 2 ) . Jason Bay drew a one - out walk and Brian Roberts hit a tying two - run homer off Matt Capps ( 1 - 2 ) . Adam LaRoche followed with a run - scoring single , and Adam LaRoche followed with an RBI single to make it 5 - 4 . Adam LaRoche followed with an RBI single off George Sherrill ( 2 - 2 ) , and Oscar Salazar walked to load the bases . Adam LaRoche followed with an RBI single to make it 5 - 4 , and Brian Roberts hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Matt Capps ( 1 - 2 ) . Jim Johnson worked two perfect innings , and Jim Johnson worked two perfect innings . Nate McLouth homered and Jason Michaels had a two - run single for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Aubrey Huff homered for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore starter Paul Maholm gave up two runs and four hits in six innings . The right - hander struck out four and walked three . Baltimore starter Daniel Cabrera gave up four runs and six hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out two . The Orioles took a 3 - 0 lead in the third . Bay drew a one - out walk and scored on a single by Jose Bautista , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Huff homered in the bottom half to cut the lead to 4 - 2 . The Orioles loaded the bases with no outs in the bottom half , but failed to score . Pittsburgh loaded the bases with no outs in the bottom half , but failed to score . Pittsburgh loaded the bases with no outs in the bottom half , but failed to score . The Orioles loaded the bases with no outs in the bottom half , but failed to score . The Orioles loaded the bases with no outs in the bottom half , but failed to score . Baltimore loaded the bases with no outs in the bottom half , but failed to score . The Orioles loaded the bases with no outs in the bottom half , but failed to score . The Orioles loaded the bases with no outs in the bottom half , but failed to score . The Orioles loaded the bases with no outs in the bottom half , but failed to score . Baltimore loaded the bases with no outs in the bottom half , but failed to score . The Orioles loaded the bases with no outs in the bottom half , but failed to score . The Orioles loaded the bases with no outs in the bottom half , but failed to score . The Orioles loaded the bases with no outs in the bottom half , but failed to score . The Orioles loaded the bases with no outs in the bottom half , but failed to score . The Orioles loaded the bases with no outs in the bottom half , but failed to score . The Orioles loaded the bases with no outs in the bottom half , but failed to score . In the bottom half , Baltimore loaded the bases with one out , but failed to score . The Orioles loaded the bases with no outs in the bottom half , but failed to score . The Orioles loaded the bases with no outs in the bottom half , but failed to score . The Orioles loaded the bases with no outs in the bottom half , but failed to score . The Orioles loaded the bases with no outs in the bottom half , but failed to score . In the bottom half , Baltimore loaded the bases with one out , but failed to score . The Orioles loaded the bases with no outs in the bottom half , but failed to score . In the bottom half , Baltimore loaded the bases with one out , but failed to score . The Orioles loaded the bases with no outs in the bottom half , but failed to score .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Kyle Lohse has been the St. Louis Cardinals ' stopper . Lohse pitched eight innings of four - hit ball , Adam Kennedy hit a two - run homer and the Cardinals beat the Philadelphia Phillies 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Lohse ( 8 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits in eight innings . Ryan Franklin worked a perfect ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . Pat Burrell hit a two - run homer and Ryan Ludwick added a run - scoring single for the Phillies , who have lost three of four . Adam Eaton ( 2 - 4 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . Burrell hit a two - run homer in the fourth to cut the deficit to 3 - 2 . Burrell 's two - run homer in the fourth made it 3 - 2 , and Kennedy 's two - run shot in the fourth made it 3 - 2 . The Phillies have homered in three straight games for the first time this season . Burrell hit a two - run shot off Adam Wainwright in the fourth to cut the deficit to 3 - 2 . Kennedy 's two - run homer in the fourth made it 3 - 2 , and Kennedy 's two - run shot in the fourth gave the Cardinals a 2 - 0 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Eaton , who gave up three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . Burrell hit a two - run homer in the fourth to cut the deficit to 3 - 2 . Kennedy 's two - run homer in the fourth made it 3 - 2 , and Kennedy 's two - run homer in the fourth gave the Cardinals a 2 - 0 lead .
PHOENIX ( AP ) -- The Kansas City Royals are on the verge of a playoff spot . John Buck hit a three - run homer , Mike Aviles had a career - high four hits and the Royals beat Randy Johnson and the Arizona Diamondbacks 12 - 3 on Tuesday night . Johnson ( 4 - 4 ) allowed eight runs -- seven earned -- and 10 hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Aviles had four hits , including a solo homer , and drove in two runs for the Royals , who have won four of five . David DeJesus homered and Orlando Hudson had three hits and drove in a run for the Diamondbacks , who have lost three of four . Arizona has lost six of seven . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . The Diamondbacks had a season - high 16 hits . Hochevar ( 4 - 5 ) allowed three runs and 10 hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Jose Guillen and a run - scoring groundout by Mark Grudzielanek . Buck hit a three - run homer off Billy Buckner in the fifth to make it 10 - 2 . Aviles led off the sixth with a triple and scored on Miguel Montero 's two - out double to make it 4 - 2 . Aviles led off the fourth with a triple and scored on Alex Gordon 's groundout . Aviles led off the sixth with a triple and scored on Esteban German 's pinch - hit double .
ST. LOUIS -- Ryan Howard and the rest of the Philadelphia Phillies ' lineup did n't help . Howard homered twice and drove in five runs , Carlos Ruiz had four hits and four RBIs and the Phillies routed the St. Louis Cardinals 20 - 2 on Tuesday night . Chase Utley and Skip Schumaker also homered for the Phillies , who pounded out 16 hits . Kendrick ( 6 - 2 ) allowed eight hits , walked one and struck out one . The right - hander is 6 - 0 with a 1.91 ERA in his last seven starts . The Phillies have won five of six and have won six of their last seven games . The Cardinals have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Cardinals have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Cardinals have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 against the Phillies this season . The Cardinals have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Phillies this season . The Cardinals have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Cardinals have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . Wellemeyer ( 6 - 2 ) allowed one earned run and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out one and walked one . The Cardinals scored three runs in the first off Ron Villone , who was making his first start of the season . Utley hit a two - out , two - run single in the fourth to make it 13 - 1 . Ruiz added an RBI single in the eighth .
TORONTO ( AP ) -- A. J. Burnett did n't need much run support for the Chicago Cubs . Matt Stairs hit a two - run homer , Burnett won for the first time in four starts and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Chicago Cubs 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Burnett ( 6 - 6 ) allowed two runs and four hits in five innings to win for the first time in four starts . He walked four and struck out seven . Scott Rolen and Matt Stairs homered for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Cubs starter Sean Gallagher ( 3 - 3 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out five . The right - hander is winless in his past four starts . The Cubs have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Cubs have lost six of seven and have lost seven of their past nine . The Cubs have lost six of seven . Cubs right - hander Scott Downs pitched a scoreless eighth and B. J. Ryan worked the ninth for his 14th save in 16 chances . Ryan Rios had three hits for the Blue Jays , who have lost six of seven . Cubs right - hander Kerry Wood ( 0 - 1 ) , winless in his past three starts , allowed four runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Cubs have lost three straight and seven of nine . The Cubs have lost six of seven and are 2 - 6 against the Blue Jays this season . Chicago has lost six of seven .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- The Boston Red Sox could n't do much against the Boston Red Sox . Jay Bruce and Adam Dunn hit back - to - back homers in the fourth inning , Aaron Harang pitched seven solid innings and the Reds beat the Boston Red Sox 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . The Reds have won five of their last six games against the Red Sox , who have the worst record in the majors . The Red Sox have lost six of their last seven games . The Red Sox have lost seven of their last nine games . The Red Sox have lost seven of their last nine games . The Red Sox have lost seven of their last 10 games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . Harang ( 3 - 9 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth for his 13th save in 14 chances . Masterson ( 3 - 1 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out nine . Jay Bruce and Adam Dunn hit back - to - back homers off Harang in the first inning , giving the Red Sox a 2 - 1 lead . Joey Votto 's RBI double in the fourth gave the Reds a 3 - 1 lead . Dunn tied it at 1 in the fourth with his 22nd homer of the season , a drive into the right - field seats on a 3 - 2 pitch . It was his third homer of the season and second in two games .
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) -- The San Diego Padres are on the verge of winning the NL West . Randy Wolf pitched seven strong innings , Jody Gerut drove in the go - ahead run and the San Diego Padres beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Wolf ( 5 - 4 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings , struck out nine and walked one . The right - hander is 2 - 0 in his last four starts . Trevor Hoffman pitched the ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . Andy LaRoche hit a solo homer for the Dodgers , who have lost three of four . Billingsley ( 4 - 7 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in seven innings , struck out three and walked one . He has lost three straight starts for the first time this season . San Diego 's Edgar McAnulty extended his hitting streak to a career - high 14 games with a leadoff single in the seventh . He was replaced by pinch - runner Scott Hairston , who pinch - hit for Wolf in the seventh . Hairston pinch - hit for Wolf in the seventh and grounded into a double play with runners on first and second . San Diego 's Edgar Gonzalez hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth . Greene hit his first homer of the season in the second inning , a solo shot that landed in the second deck in left field . It was his third of the season and first since July 26 . Greene hit a two - out solo homer in the second , his 15th , to pull the Dodgers to 3 - 1 . Greene hit his first homer of the season in the fourth . It was his second of the season . Greene hit a two - out homer in the second , his 15th , to pull the Dodgers to 3 - 1 . Jody Gerut 's RBI single in the seventh made it 4 - 1 .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- Ian Snell knew he was going to make the most of the opportunity . The right - hander pitched six strong innings , Ryan Doumit homered and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Washington Nationals 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Snell ( 3 - 6 ) allowed one run and six hits in six innings , striking out six and walking three . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in his last four starts . Matt Capps pitched the ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . John Lannan ( 4 - 7 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Doumit had three hits , including a solo homer in the fifth that made it 2 - 0 . Doumit 's solo shot in the fifth gave the Pirates a 2 - 0 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Lannan in five starts this season . Doumit hit a solo homer in the fifth to give the Pirates a 2 - 0 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Lannan in five starts this season . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jason Bay 's RBI double , but the Pirates answered in the bottom of the inning . Freddy Sanchez led off with a single , stole second and scored on Xavier Nady 's two - out single to center . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Nate McLouth led off with a single , stole second and scored on Elijah Dukes ' single to right . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Doumit 's two - out homer , his third of the season .
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are on their longest winning streak of the season . Russell Martin had three hits and three RBIs , Matt Kemp had a two - run single and the Dodgers beat the San Diego Padres 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Dodgers starter Greg Maddux gave up one run and six hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out one . Martin had three hits , including a two - run single in the seventh that gave the Dodgers a 5 - 2 lead . Martin had three hits , including a two - run single in the seventh that gave the Dodgers a 5 - 2 lead . Martin had three hits , including a two - run single in the seventh that gave the Dodgers a 5 - 2 lead . Martin had three hits , including a two - run single in the seventh that gave the Dodgers a 5 - 2 lead . Martin had three hits , including a two - run single in the seventh that gave the Dodgers a 5 - 2 lead . Martin had three hits , including a two - run single in the seventh that gave the Dodgers a 5 - 2 lead . Martin had three hits , including a two - run single in the seventh . Scott Proctor ( 1 - 0 ) got two outs in the seventh for the win . Jonathan Broxton struck out four in 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Justin Guevara ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing two runs , one earned , and one hit in two - thirds of an inning . Padres starter Clayton Kershaw allowed two runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out five and walked four .
DETROIT ( AP ) -- Edgar Renteria has been a big part of the Detroit Tigers ' recent success . Renteria hit a tiebreaking grand slam in the eighth inning and the Tigers beat the Cleveland Indians 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Renteria hit a three - run homer off Masa Kobayashi ( 3 - 3 ) in the eighth to give the Tigers an 8 - 3 lead . It was the first grand slam of the season for Renteria , who had three hits , including a three - run homer in the eighth that gave the Tigers an 8 - 3 lead . Marcus Thames added a solo homer in the eighth for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Detroit 's Aaron Miner allowed two runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Aaron Miner ( 3 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Tigers . The right - hander struck out two and walked two . Carlos Guillen hit a two - run homer for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Cleveland 's Kenny Rogers gave up three runs -- one earned -- and five hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out three . Todd Jones got the last out in the ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . The Indians took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Ryan Garko and a sacrifice fly by Ryan Garko . Detroit added a run in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Ryan Garko . The Indians tied it in the fourth on Kelly Shoppach 's RBI double .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Garrett Olson pitched into the seventh inning and Nick Markakis hit a two - run homer , leading the Baltimore Orioles to a 3 - 2 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Olson ( 5 - 1 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out one and walked one . George Sherrill pitched the ninth for his 20th save in 23 chances . Brian Bass ( 2 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up one run and two hits in two - plus innings . Adam Jones led off the seventh with a homer off Brian Albers , who was recalled from Triple-A Rochester earlier in the day . Adam Jones led off the seventh with a homer off Scott Baker , who allowed two earned runs and five hits in five innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Baker gave up two runs and five hits in five innings , striking out three and walking one . He has n't won since May 21 , a span of seven starts . The Twins have scored only seven runs in their last six games . Baltimore 's Mike Redmond had three hits , including an RBI double in the first inning . He had an RBI double in the first and a two - out RBI double in the fifth to give the Twins a 2 - 1 lead . Markakis hit a two - run homer in the third to give the Orioles a 2 - 1 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Baker in his last five starts . Casilla had an RBI single in the fifth to give the Orioles a 2 - 1 lead .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) -- Cole Hamels pitched a three - hitter for his first career shutout , and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Cincinnati Reds 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Hamels ( 6 - 4 ) allowed three hits , struck out four and walked three in his second shutout of the season . The right - hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts . Hamels was 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous five starts . He was 0 - 3 in his previous five starts . Hamels was 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous five starts . He was 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous five starts . Hamels was 0 - 3 in his previous five starts . He was 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous five starts . Hamels was 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous five starts . He was 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous six starts . Hamels was 0 - 4 in his previous six starts . He was 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous six starts . Hamels was 0 - 4 in his last six starts . He was 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous five starts . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Homer Bailey ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs -- two earned -- and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out one . Jenkins homered off Hamels in the sixth to make it 4 - 0 . Jenkins added a solo shot in the sixth for a 4 - 0 lead . Shane Victorino had an RBI single in the fifth to make it 3 - 0 . Jenkins homered in the sixth to make it 4 - 0 .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- Zach Duke has been the Pittsburgh Pirates ' Opening Day starter . Duke pitched into the eighth inning and Raul Chavez drove in three runs , leading the Pirates to a 5 - 2 victory over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . Duke ( 3 - 4 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings , walking two and striking out two . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.91 ERA in his last four starts . Matt Capps struck out two in a perfect ninth for his 12th save . Ty Wigginton homered for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Oswalt ( 4 - 6 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Astros took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Carlos Lee and a run - scoring single by Nate McLouth . Adam LaRoche 's RBI single in the bottom of the inning tied the game at 1 . The Pirates took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth when Jack Wilson led off with a double and scored on Xavier Nady 's single to center . Pittsburgh scored three times in the fourth to take a 4 - 1 lead . Jack Wilson led off with a single , stole second and scored on Carlos Lee 's two - out single . The Pirates added two runs in the sixth on a sacrifice fly by Nate McLouth and a sacrifice fly by Chavez . The Astros added a run in the eighth on a sacrifice fly by Chavez .
ARLINGTON , Texas ( AP ) -- David Murphy had a big night at the Texas Rangers ' new ballpark . Murphy had a career - high four hits , including a homer , and drove in two runs , leading the Texas Rangers to a 12 - 7 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Murphy went 4 - for - 4 with a homer and two doubles , including a run - scoring single in the first inning and a solo homer in the sixth . David Murphy had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer , and drove in two runs for the Rangers , who have won four of five . The Indians have won five of their last six games and have lost four of five . Frank Francisco ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings for the win . Tom Padilla ( 5 - 5 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 1 1/3 innings for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Josh Hamilton hit a two - run homer in the first for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Jarrod Saltalamacchia had three hits , including a solo homer , and Milton Bradley homered twice for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Cleveland 's A. J. Murray gave up one run and six hits in 2 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He struck out three and walked one . Murray gave up one run and six hits in 2 2 - 3 innings . He struck out three , walked one and hit a batter . The Rangers scored four runs in the first inning to take a 4 - 0 lead . Mastny ( 0 - 1 ) allowed five runs -- five earned -- and six hits in 1 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Indians scored two runs in the first and two in the third . Murphy had a run - scoring single in the third and a solo homer in the sixth . Bradley hit a solo homer in the eighth and a solo shot in the ninth .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- Prince Fielder and the Milwaukee Brewers have been waiting for the Arizona Diamondbacks . Fielder hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth inning and the Brewers held on for a 4 - 3 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night . Prince Fielder also homered for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Fielder had three hits , including a solo homer off Doug Slaten ( 0 - 2 ) in the eighth that put Milwaukee ahead 4 - 3 . Fielder also had three hits , including a solo homer in the eighth . Guillermo Mota ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Salomon Torres pitched the ninth for his sixth save in seven chances . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Chris Young 's two - out double , but Milwaukee tied it in the bottom half on Snyder 's RBI double and Mark Reynolds ' RBI single . The Diamondbacks tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Stephen Drew and a sacrifice fly by Bill Hall . Milwaukee starter Doug Davis allowed three runs -- one earned -- and six hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out three . Milwaukee starter Jeff Suppan allowed three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Snyder 's two - out RBI double . Milwaukee tied it in the bottom half on Reynolds ' two - out RBI single . Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Snyder 's two - out RBI double .
ANAHEIM , Calif. ( AP ) -- Los Angeles Angels manager Mike Scioscia had n't seen his team win a game for the first time this season . Maicer Izturis hit a game - ending RBI single with two outs in the ninth inning , giving the Los Angeles Angels a 4 - 3 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night . Maicer Izturis hit a two - out RBI single off B. J. Ryan ( 1 - 1 ) , and Howie Kendrick tied it with a bases - loaded infield hit . Jose Arredondo ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 2 1/3 innings of two - hit relief for the win , and Rod Barajas hit a solo homer for the Angels , who have won four of five . Sean Rodriguez homered and Scott Rolen had three hits for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Toronto starter Jon Garland gave up three runs and five hits in five innings , struck out three and walked four . The Blue Jays ' A. J. Burnett pitched eight innings of three - hit ball in his first career complete game . He struck out eight and walked three . Burnett allowed two runs and three hits in eight innings , struck out eight and walked three . The right - hander struck out eight , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a sacrifice fly by Marco Scutaro and a two - run homer by Sean Rodriguez . The Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half on Lyle Overbay 's two - out , bases - loaded walk . Barajas homered in the third for a 2 - 0 lead .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Johan Santana has been a big part of the New York Mets ' recent success . Santana pitched effectively into the eighth inning , David Wright had three hits and drove in two runs , and the Mets beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Santana ( 7 - 3 ) allowed one run and six hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Santana hit a two - run homer in the third , and Ryan Church added a two - run shot in the third . Carlos Beltran hit a two - run homer and Matt Kemp had three hits and drove in a run for the Mets . Hiroki Kuroda ( 2 - 5 ) gave up six runs , six earned , and seven hits in 2 2/3 innings for the Dodgers , who have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six and are 2 - 7 against the Mets this season . New York has lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Justin Morneau hit a three - run homer , and the Minnesota Twins beat the Chicago White Sox 10 - 6 on Tuesday night . Jason Kubel hit a three - run homer and Jermaine Dye added a two - run shot for the Twins , who have won four of five . The White Sox have won five of six and are a half - game behind first - place Detroit in the AL Central . Thome hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the fifth to give the Twins a 3 - 0 lead . It was the third time this season the Twins have hit back - to - back homers . Morneau hit a three - run shot off Matt Thornton ( 4 - 3 ) in the fifth to give the Twins a 7 - 4 lead . Dye 's two - run shot off Octavio Dotel in the eighth gave the Twins a 7 - 4 lead , and Joe Mauer had an RBI single in the eighth to make it 10 - 6 . Jesse Crain ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win , and Jim Thome hit a two - run homer for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox scored four runs in the fifth to take a 4 - 0 lead . Orlando Cabrera led off with a single , moved to third on a groundout and scored on A. J. Pierzynski 's groundout . Minnesota starter Scott Baker struck out eight in six innings , allowing four runs and five hits with three walks and eight strikeouts .
MIAMI ( AP ) -- Anibal Sanchez has been a big part of the Florida Marlins ' 12 - 2 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Friday night . The Marlins ' Anibal Sanchez ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings to win for the first time in four starts . The right - hander struck out four and walked two . Jorge De La Rosa ( 5 - 6 ) gave up seven runs , five hits and four walks in 1 2/3 innings for the Rockies , who have lost five of six . Jorge Cantu homered for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Colorado scored five runs in the second inning , including a two - run single by John Baker , and a two - run single by Hanley Ramirez . The Marlins scored five runs in the second inning to take a 7 - 0 lead . Jorge De La Rosa ( 5 - 6 ) was charged with seven runs , four earned , and five hits in 1 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Marlins scored four runs in the second inning to take a 7 - 0 lead . Jeremy Hermida had three hits , including a two - run single , and Josh Willingham drew a bases - loaded walk to make it 7 - 1 . Dan Uggla hit a two - run double in the inning to give the Marlins a 7 - 0 lead . Sanchez ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Rockies scored four runs in the second inning to take a 7 - 0 lead . Cantu hit a two - out homer in the first and Ramirez hit a solo shot in the fifth to make it 11 - 1 .
TORONTO ( AP ) -- Matt Garza had his best stuff of the season . Garza pitched a five - hitter , Evan Longoria hit a two - run triple and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Toronto Blue Jays 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Garza ( 9 - 6 ) allowed five hits , walked one and struck out five . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.99 ERA in his past four starts . The Blue Jays have won six of seven . Halladay ( 12 - 8 ) allowed three runs and six hits in eight innings . He walked three and struck out eight . Eric Hinske homered for the second straight game , a solo shot in the third , but the Blue Jays lost for the seventh time in nine games . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Halladay , who has lost three straight starts , allowed three runs and six hits in eight innings . He walked three and struck out eight . The Blue Jays have lost five of their past six games . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of their past seven games . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of their past seven games . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of their past seven games . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of their past seven games .
CLEVELAND -- Paul Byrd has been the Cleveland Indians ' most consistent starter . The right - hander pitched 7 2/3 innings of four - hit ball , Asdrubal Cabrera hit a two - run homer and the Indians beat the Detroit Tigers 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Byrd ( 5 - 10 ) allowed four hits and struck out four in 7 2/3 innings to win for the first time in four starts . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 4.93 ERA in his last six starts . Byrd 's two - run homer in the sixth off Kenny Rogers ( 8 - 7 ) gave the Indians a 5 - 0 lead . Kelly Shoppach homered and Jhonny Peralta drove in two runs for the Indians , who have won four of five . The Tigers have lost six of seven . Byrd 's two - out , two - run homer in the sixth gave the Indians a 5 - 0 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Rogers , who gave up five runs and nine hits in 5 2/3 innings . Byrd 's two - run homer in the sixth gave the Indians a 5 - 0 lead . Kelly Shoppach led off the sixth with a homer to make it 5 - 0 . Rogers ( 8 - 7 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out one . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Tigers have lost four of five . Detroit has lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of seven . Detroit has lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of seven .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- The San Francisco Giants have n't been able to find a way to get back to the playoffs . Kevin Correia ( 2 - 5 ) allowed six runs -- four earned -- and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings , and the Giants beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 7 - 6 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Correia ( 2 - 5 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out five and walked none . The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 2.37 ERA in four starts against the Dodgers this season . Brian Wilson pitched a perfect ninth for his NL-leading 28th save in 32 chances . Hiroki Kuroda ( 5 - 8 ) gave up seven runs -- seven earned -- and nine hits in 3 2/3 innings , struck out two and walked none . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 7.16 ERA in his last five starts . The Giants scored four runs in the fourth to take a 7 - 0 lead . Jose Castillo had an RBI single and Fred Lewis drove in a run with a single . The Giants scored four times in the fifth to take a 7 - 0 lead . Angel Berroa had an RBI single and Andre Ethier had an RBI single before Andruw Jones ' run - scoring single made it 7 - 0 . Jose Castillo had an RBI single in the fourth , and Randy Winn added an RBI single in the fifth to make it 7 - 0 . Angel Berroa had an RBI single in the fifth and pinch - hitter Mark Sweeney had a two - run double in the fifth that made it 7 - 1 . The Giants scored three times in the fifth to take a 7 - 0 lead . Andruw Jones hit a two - out RBI single , and pinch - hitter Mark Sweeney hit a two - run double in the fifth to make it 7 - 2 . The Dodgers scored three times in the fifth to take a 7 - 0 lead . Casey Blake led off with a double and scored on a single by Mark Winn , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a triple . The Dodgers took a 7 - 0 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Jose Castillo and a run - scoring single by Angel Berroa . The Dodgers scored three times in the fifth to take a 7 - 0 lead . Rich Aurilia led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on catcher Bengie Molina 's throwing error . Jose Castillo followed with an RBI single , and Angel Lewis drove in a run with a single to center to make it 7 - 0 . The Dodgers scored three times in the fifth to take a 7 - 0 lead . Andre Ethier had an RBI single and pinch - hitter Mark Sweeney hit a two - run double , but Correia got out of the inning with a double - play grounder .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- The Colorado Rockies have n't been able to find a way to get back to the playoffs . Garrett Atkins homered and drove in three runs , Ubaldo Jimenez pitched six shutout innings and the Colorado Rockies beat the Cincinnati Reds 11 - 0 on Tuesday night . Jeff Baker had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Troy Tulowitzki had a two - run single for the Rockies . Jimenez ( 7 - 9 ) gave up five hits , walked one and struck out two . The right - hander has won his last three starts against the Reds , who have won six of their last seven . Chris Iannetta homered for the Reds , who have lost five of six . Fogg gave up seven runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked three and struck out four . Atkins had a two - run homer in the fourth inning and a two - run shot off Todd Coffey in the fourth . Baker had three hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth inning that made it 7 - 0 . Fogg ( 1 - 3 ) lasted only 3 2/3 innings , giving up eight hits and seven runs -- seven earned -- with three walks and four strikeouts . Chris Iannetta homered for the Reds , who have lost five of six . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . They 've lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . They 've lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . They 've lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games .
ST. LOUIS -- Rickie Weeks ' three - run homer in the fifth inning gave the Milwaukee Brewers a three - run cushion , and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the St. Louis Cardinals 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Weeks hit a three - run homer in the fifth to put Milwaukee ahead 3 - 2 . Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer in the fifth for a 3 - 2 lead . Bill Hall , who had three hits , led off the 10th with a homer off Ryan Franklin ( 3 - 3 ) . Rickie Weeks had three hits , including a three - run homer in the fifth that put Milwaukee ahead 3 - 2 . Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer in the fifth for a 3 - 2 lead . Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer in the fifth for a 3 - 2 lead . Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer in the fifth for a 3 - 2 lead . Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer in the fifth for a 3 - 2 lead . It was the first homer for Weeks , who hit a three - run shot off Pineiro in the fifth to give the Cardinals a 2 - 0 lead . Weeks hit a three - run homer in the fifth to give the Brewers a 2 - 0 lead . Weeks hit a three - run homer off Pineiro in the fifth to make it 3 - 2 . It was Weeks ' 13th homer of the season and second in two games . The Brewers added a run in the ninth on Schumaker 's sacrifice fly . Torres allowed three runs in six innings .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Texas Rangers have been in first place in the AL West since the All-Star break . Vicente Padilla pitched three - hit ball over seven innings , Taylor Teagarden homered and the Texas Rangers beat the Minnesota Twins 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Padilla ( 11 - 5 ) allowed three hits , walked two and struck out none in seven innings . C. J. Wilson worked the ninth for his 23rd save in 27 chances . Baker ( 6 - 3 ) allowed just two hits and one run in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Taylor Teagarden hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Teagarden hit a solo homer in the sixth off Baker ( 6 - 3 ) to give the Rangers a 1 - 0 lead . It was Teagarden 's first home run since July 29 , 2011 , against the Chicago White Sox . Teagarden hit his first homer of the season in the sixth to give the Rangers a 1 - 0 lead . It was Teagarden 's first homer since May 29 . Teagarden hit his first homer of the season in the sixth to give the Rangers a 1 - 0 lead . It was Teagarden 's first homer since July 21 , a span of 51 at - bats . Teagarden hit his first homer of the season in the sixth to give the Rangers a 1 - 0 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Baker in five starts this season , and he has allowed two earned runs or fewer in eight of his nine starts this season . The Rangers have lost six of seven .
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) -- Chipper Jones and the Atlanta Braves were n't going to have a chance to win a game for the first time in more than a month . Jones hit a sacrifice fly in the sixth inning , Brian McCann homered and drove in three runs and the Braves beat the San Diego Padres 12 - 3 on Tuesday night . Mark Teixeira hit a two - run double in Atlanta 's three - run first inning off Randy Wolf ( 6 - 9 ) , who gave up six runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He walked three and struck out one . Campillo ( 4 - 4 ) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings , struck out four and walked two . The right - hander was coming off a 1 - 0 loss at San Francisco on Tuesday night , when he allowed three runs in the first inning . The Braves scored three runs in the first inning off Padres starter Randy Wolf ( 6 - 9 ) , who allowed six runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He walked three and struck out one . Mark Kotsay had two hits and drove in a run and Brent Lillibridge had three hits and drove in two runs for the Braves , who have won five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost six of seven .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- Jason Bay and the Pittsburgh Pirates did n't need much offense . Bay hit a pair of two - run homers , Troy Glaus added a solo shot and the Pirates beat the St. Louis Cardinals 12 - 11 on Tuesday night . Bay hit a two - run homer in the 10th inning off Chris Perez ( 2 - 1 ) , and Troy Glaus added a solo shot in the 10th for the Pirates . Denny Bautista ( 3 - 2 ) pitched one inning for the win , and Ryan Franklin gave up a two - run homer to Nate McLouth in the ninth . Ryan Ludwick hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs for the Pirates , who have won four of five . The Pirates have won five of six and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Adam LaRoche homered for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Cardinals starter Yoslan Herrera lasted only 4 1/3 innings , allowing six runs and 11 hits . He walked four and struck out four . Cardinals starter Todd Wellemeyer gave up four runs and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out two . The Pirates scored twice in the third to take a 2 - 0 lead . Albert Pujols had a sacrifice fly and Yadier Molina followed with a run - scoring single to give the Cardinals a 3 - 2 lead . The Pirates added three runs in the fourth , including a two - run double by Rick Ankiel and a run - scoring single by Adam Kennedy . Ludwick 's two - run homer in the fourth gave the Pirates a 5 - 2 lead , and Glaus added an RBI single in the sixth .
LOS ANGELES -- Chris Volstad has been a big part of the Florida Marlins ' recent success . Volstad took a shutout into the ninth inning , Jeremy Hermida hit a two - run homer and the Marlins beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Volstad ( 2 - 0 ) gave up one run and five hits in 8 2/3 innings , struck out six and walked one . The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 0.84 ERA in four starts against the Dodgers this season . Kevin Gregg got the final out for his 19th save in 20 chances . Eric Stults ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings for Los Angeles . He struck out a season - high six and walked three . Jorge Cantu led off the game with a homer , and Jeremy Hermida hit a two - run shot in the first for a 3 - 0 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Stults in five starts this season . Hermida , who hit a two - run homer in the first inning Friday night , hit a two - run shot in the first inning to give the Marlins a 2 - 0 lead . It was the first homer for Hermida , who hit a three - run shot in the Dodgers ' 3 - 2 win over the Dodgers on Tuesday night . Hermida , who hit a three - run homer in the Dodgers ' 3 - 2 win over the Dodgers on Friday night , hit a two - run homer in the first inning to give the Marlins a 2 - 0 lead . It was Hermida 's fourth of the season and second in two games . The Dodgers scored three times in the ninth off Kevin Gregg , who got the final out for his 19th save in 20 attempts .
DETROIT ( AP ) -- Minnesota 's Glen Perkins gave up a run in the seventh inning , and the Twins took advantage of the Tigers ' 2 - 2 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Perkins ( 6 - 2 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . Joe Nathan pitched a perfect ninth for his 26th save . Armando Galarraga ( 7 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out five . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out RBI double by Nick Punto . The Twins tied it in the fourth on Carlos Guillen 's RBI single . The Twins tied it in the fourth when Alexi Casilla doubled , stole third and scored on a sacrifice fly by Delmon Young . The Tigers tied it in the sixth when Matt Joyce doubled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Placido Polanco . The Tigers took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth on Punto 's sacrifice fly . The Twins tied it in the seventh on Placido Polanco 's sacrifice fly . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Punto 's sacrifice fly . Detroit tied it in the fourth when Jason Kubel walked , stole second , moved to third on a groundout and scored on a sacrifice fly by Delmon Young . The Tigers took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring double by Punto and a run - scoring single by Carlos Guillen . Detroit tied it in the bottom half on Placido Polanco 's sacrifice fly .
DETROIT ( AP ) -- Justin Verlander did n't need much run support for the Detroit Tigers . Marcus Thames homered and drove in three runs , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Cleveland Indians 9 - 2 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 6 - 9 ) allowed two runs and two hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a two - run shot in the fifth to give the Tigers a 6 - 2 lead . Marcus Thames hit a two - run homer in the fifth for the Indians . Jeremy Sowers ( 0 - 5 ) allowed seven runs -- six earned -- and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out one and did n't walk a batter . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third and a two - run shot in the fifth . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fifth , and Thames added a two - run shot off Brian Slocum in the fifth to make it 6 - 2 . Thames added a two - run shot off Brian Slocum in the fifth to make it 6 - 2 . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Tigers a 6 - 2 lead . Thames added a two - run shot in the fifth to make it 6 - 2 . Sowers gave up seven runs -- six earned -- and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out one and did n't walk a batter . Jhonny Peralta hit a two - out , two - run homer in the first for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Cleveland took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Thames .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) -- The New York Mets are on a roll . Fernando Tatis hit a two - run homer with two outs in the bottom of the 12th inning to lift the Mets to a 4 - 2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Fernando Tatis hit a two - run homer off Chad Durbin ( 2 - 2 ) in the 12th to give the Mets a 2 - 0 lead . Fernando Maine ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 12th for the win . Jayson Werth hit a tying two - run homer in the ninth for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Joe Smith ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 2 1/3 scoreless innings for his first major league win . Carlos Beltran homered and drove in two runs for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Carlos Delgado singled with two outs in the 12th against Chad Durbin ( 2 - 2 ) , and Tatis followed with a drive to right to make it 4 - 2 . It was Tatis ' eighth homer of the season . Carlos Delgado singled with two outs in the ninth off Billy Wagner , and Tatis followed with a two - run homer to right . It was the first time this season the Mets have hit back - to - back homers . Carlos Beltran had a two - out RBI single in the ninth for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Philadelphia 's Kyle Kendrick gave up one run and eight hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Phillies have lost four straight and seven of nine . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand .
MILWAUKEE -- Bill Hall and the Milwaukee Brewers did n't need much offense . Hall hit a two - run homer in the second inning , and the Brewers beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Bill Hall had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Ben Sheets ( 10 - 2 ) allowed one run and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Brewers , who have won four of five . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games and have won six of their last seven . The Pirates have lost four of five . Hall hit a two - run homer in the second inning off Tom Gorzelanny ( 6 - 6 ) , who gave up a career - high eight runs and 11 hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out four . The Pirates have lost five of six and have n't won a road series since taking two of three from the Chicago Cubs from July 26 - 29 . The Pirates have lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games . The Pirates have lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost four of five . Hardy had four hits , including a two - run homer in the fifth that gave the Brewers a 5 - 1 lead . It was the third time this season the Brewers have hit back - to - back home runs . Hall 's two - run shot in the second gave the Brewers a 2 - 0 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Gorzelanny in five starts this season . Hardy 's two - run homer in the fifth gave the Brewers a 5 - 1 lead , and Hall added a run - scoring double in the sixth to make it 9 - 1 . Carlos Villanueva pitched the final 3 1/3 innings for his first save .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- The Tampa Bay Rays ' 11 - 2 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Wednesday night was a good thing . Carlos Pena hit a grand slam and drove in five runs , Carl Crawford had three hits and drove in a pair of runs , and Edwin Jackson pitched eight strong innings to lead the Rays to an 11 - 2 victory over the Kansas City Royals . Jackson ( 5 - 6 ) allowed two runs and four hits , walked one and struck out two . Jackson ( 7 - 8 ) gave up seven runs , six earned , and eight hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out six . Pena hit a three - run homer in the fifth off Brian Bannister ( 7 - 8 ) , who gave up seven runs and eight hits in five innings . Pena hit a three - run homer off Brian Bannister ( 7 - 8 ) in the fifth and added a sacrifice fly in the eighth . Crawford had three hits , including a two - run single during a five - run eighth that gave the Rays a 7 - 0 lead . Pena hit a three - run homer in the fifth to make it 7 - 1 . Pena hit a sacrifice fly in the eighth , and Crawford added a two - run single off Robinson Tejeda in the eighth to make it 10 - 2 . Jackson ( 5 - 6 ) allowed one earned run and four hits in eight innings . He walked one and struck out two . Jackson ( 7 - 8 ) gave up seven runs , six earned , and eight hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out six .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- The Boston Red Sox could n't do much against Josh Beckett and the New York Yankees . Mike Lowell hit a three - run homer , Alex Rodriguez had a two - run double and the Red Sox beat the New York Yankees 6 - 4 on Tuesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Beckett ( 8 - 5 ) allowed three runs and four hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out four . Jonathan Papelbon gave up a run - scoring double to Derek Jeter in the ninth before finishing for his 25th save . Darrell Rasner ( 4 - 7 ) gave up six runs -- six earned -- and 10 hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out two . Lowell hit a sacrifice fly in the first , and Kevin Youkilis had a two - run triple in the third for the Red Sox , who have won five of six . Beckett ( 8 - 5 ) gave up three runs and four hits in six innings , striking out four and walking two . The right - hander has won his last three starts against the Yankees and improved to 4 - 0 in his last six starts . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run double by Rodriguez and a two - run double by Jacoby Ellsbury . Lowell 's sacrifice fly made it 3 - 0 in the third , and Kevin Youkilis hit a two - run triple in the third for a 3 - 0 lead . Lowell 's sacrifice fly made it 3 - 1 in the third .
BALTIMORE -- Joel Peralta pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win , and the Kansas City Royals rallied to beat the Baltimore Orioles 10 - 7 on Tuesday night . Joel Peralta ( 1 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win , and Joakim Soria worked a perfect ninth for his 23rd save . Aubrey Huff hit two home runs and Billy Butler also went deep for the Orioles , who took two of three from the Orioles . Royals starter Kyle Davies gave up seven runs and eight hits in four innings . The right - hander struck out four , walked one and hit a batter . Baltimore took a 5 - 3 lead in the fourth inning on a two - run homer by Aubrey Huff and a run - scoring single by Alex Gordon . The Orioles closed to 7 - 7 in the sixth on a run - scoring single by Brandon Fahey and a run - scoring single by Mark Teahen . The Orioles closed to 7 - 7 in the sixth on a run - scoring single by Ross Gload and a run - scoring single by Mark Teahen . The Orioles closed to 7 - 7 in the sixth on a run - scoring single by Alex Gordon and a run - scoring single by David DeJesus . The Orioles closed to 7 - 7 in the sixth on a run - scoring single by Brandon Fahey and a run - scoring single by Mark Teahen . Loewen ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . The right - hander was recalled from Triple-A Norfolk before the game to make his first start of the season . The right - hander gave up three runs and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . Huff hit a two - run homer in the fifth to make it 7 - 3 . The Royals tied it in the sixth on an RBI single by Ross Gload and a run - scoring single by Mark Teahen .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- The Pittsburgh Pirates had a chance to win it in extra innings . Jack Wilson had three hits , including an RBI triple in the 11th inning that sent the Pirates to a 6 - 5 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . The Pirates won for the sixth time in seven games and moved within one game of first - place St. Louis in the NL Central . Jack Wilson had three hits and drove in a run for the Pirates , who have won four of five . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won 10 of their last 13 games against the Reds , who have the worst record in the majors . The Pirates have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won 10 of their last 13 games against the Reds , who have the worst record in the majors . The Pirates have lost six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won 10 of their last 13 games against the Reds , who have the worst record in the majors . The Pirates have won 10 of their last 13 games against the Reds , who have n't won a series in Cincinnati since 2003 , when they were swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park . The Pirates have won seven of their last 10 games . The Pirates have won 10 of their last 13 games against the Reds , who have the worst record in the majors . The Pirates have lost seven of their last 10 games . The Pirates have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost five of six . The Pirates have won 10 of their last 13 games against the Reds , who have the worst record in the majors . They 've lost six of their last seven . The Pirates have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park this season . The Reds have won 10 of their last 13 games against the Reds , who have the worst record in the majors . The Pirates have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park since the start of the 2000 season .
CLEVELAND -- Adrian Beltre hit two home runs and drove in three runs , and the Seattle Mariners beat the Cleveland Indians 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Beltre hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning and a two - run shot in the fifth off Zach Jackson ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up six runs and seven hits in five innings . Rowland-Smith ( 4 - 2 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out two . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 3.56 ERA in his last five starts . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 3.56 ERA in his last five starts . The Mariners have won six of their last seven games and are 5 - 1 against the Indians this season . Shin-Soo Choo homered for the Indians , who have lost six of seven . Jackson ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Indians scored twice in the fifth to take a 6 - 1 lead . Raul Ibanez had an RBI single and Beltre hit a two - run homer to make it 6 - 1 . Beltre 's two - run homer in the fifth gave the Mariners a 6 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Beltre , who has homered in three of his last four games . The Indians scored three runs in the fifth to take a 6 - 1 lead . Ichiro Suzuki had an RBI single and Beltre hit a two - run homer to make it 6 - 1 . Beltre 's two - run homer in the fifth gave the Mariners a 6 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Beltre , who has homered in three straight games for the first time in his career . Choo tied it at 1 with a solo shot in the second . Choo tied it in the bottom half with a solo shot to right . It was the first homer allowed by Rowland-Smith since July 26 , when he gave up five runs in a 2 - 1 loss to the Los Angeles Angels . Beltre 's two - run homer in the fifth gave the Mariners a 6 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Beltre , who has homered in four of his last five games .
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting for the Atlanta Braves to get back to .500 . Greg Norton 's pinch - hit , two - run homer in the fifth inning gave the Nationals a 7 - 3 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . The Nationals have won four of five , and the Nationals have won six of their last seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Perez ( 7 - 7 ) gave up five runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . Greg Norton hit a two - run homer in the fifth for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Perez ( 6 - 10 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . Joel Hanrahan got the final two outs for his seventh save in nine chances . The Nationals have lost four of five . Jorge Campillo ( 7 - 7 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Lastings Milledge 's two - run single . The Nationals added a run in the second on an RBI single by Cristian Guzman , who had two hits and drove in a run . Zimmerman 's sacrifice fly in the sixth made it 7 - 3 and chased Perez , who allowed three runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . Washington 's Odalis Perez ( 6 - 10 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three .
PHOENIX -- Manny Ramirez had a season - high four hits , and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 9 - 3 on Tuesday night . Manny Ramirez went 4 - for - 4 with a walk and scored twice , and Adam Dunn had two hits and drove in two runs for the Diamondbacks . Doug Davis ( 6 - 8 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in five - plus innings to earn his first win in four starts . The right - hander struck out two and walked three . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when James Loney hit a two - out RBI single . Matt Kemp 's sacrifice fly in the bottom half gave the Dodgers a 1 - 0 lead . The Dodgers tied it in the bottom half on a two - out double by Chris Young and a sacrifice fly by Jeff Salazar . Kuroda ( 7 - 10 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and four hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Andre Ethier led off with a single and scored on a double by Ramirez . The Dodgers tied it in the bottom half on Dunn 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by James Loney . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Augie Ojeda reached on an error by third baseman Nomar Garciaparra and scored on Matt Kemp 's sacrifice fly . The Dodgers tied it in the bottom half on an RBI double by Dunn and a run - scoring single by James Loney .
ANAHEIM , Calif. ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Angels have been waiting for Milton Bradley to come off the disabled list . Milton Bradley hit a three - run homer in the first inning , Jon Garland pitched eight strong innings and the Angels beat the Texas Rangers 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Mark Teixeira homered for the second straight game and Chris Davis also went deep for the Angels , who have won four of five . Hunter had three hits and scored twice for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Mike Napoli drew a bases - loaded walk from Jamey Wright ( 6 - 6 ) in the eighth and pinch - hitter Juan Rivera hit a three - run double off Warner Madrigal . Rodriguez ( 12 - 8 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in eight innings . He struck out three and walked one . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth for his major league - leading 51st save in 38 chances . The Angels , who have won four of five , took a 5 - 0 lead in the first inning on a three - run homer by Milton Bradley and a run - scoring double by Michael Young . Chris Davis hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Texas took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out , three - run homer by Chris Davis and a three - run shot by Teixeira , who was hit by a pitch in the first inning of his previous at - bat . Teixeira hit a two - out solo homer in the third , his third of the season and first since July 26 . The Angels added a run in the sixth when Garret Anderson reached on an infield single , stole second and went to third on a throwing error by catcher Jarrod Saltalamacchia . Garret Anderson followed with a two - out single to right , but Cruz fielded the ball and threw to second for the force . Hunter scored on the error to make it 5 - 2 . Hunter scored on a wild pitch to make it 3 - 2 . The Angels added a run in the eighth on an RBI single by Reggie Willits .
CHICAGO -- Aramis Ramirez was n't sure what to expect from Cole Hamels . Ramirez hit a grand slam off Ryan Madson in the eighth inning and the Chicago Cubs beat the Philadelphia Phillies 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Hamels allowed one run and five hits in seven innings , striking out six and walking none . Ryan Madson surrendered three runs in the eighth , including pinch - hitter Mike Fontenot 's pinch - hit homer . Bob Howry ( 6 - 4 ) pitched a perfect eighth , and Kerry Wood pitched the ninth for his 28th save in 32 chances . Ryan Dempster gave up four runs and eight hits in six innings for the Phillies , who have lost five of six . Ryan Dempster gave up four runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked four . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Chase Utley 's two - out RBI single . The Phillies tied it in the fifth when Carlos Ruiz hit a run - scoring single and scored on Jimmy Rollins ' sacrifice fly . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Mark DeRosa 's RBI triple and a run - scoring single by Mark DeRosa . Philadelphia tied it in the bottom half on Shane Victorino 's RBI single . The Phillies tied it in the bottom half on Mark DeRosa 's RBI triple and Mark DeRosa 's run - scoring triple . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Mark DeRosa 's RBI triple and a run - scoring single by Mark DeRosa . Philadelphia took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI triple by DeRosa .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Josh Johnson has been the Florida Marlins ' ace . Johnson pitched a four - hitter for his first career complete game , Dan Uggla homered and the Marlins beat the Atlanta Braves 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Johnson ( 4 - 0 ) gave up four hits , one run and three walks in his second complete game of the season . He struck out eight and walked three . Hampton ( 2 - 2 ) gave up eight hits and three runs in eight innings . He struck out five and walked two . Uggla led off the game with a double and scored on Ramirez 's two - out single to center . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Ramirez 's two - out , two - run single . Wes Helms ' RBI single made it 1 - 0 in the third . Uggla led off the fifth with a double and scored on Ramirez 's two - out single to center . The Braves cut the lead to 3 - 1 in the fifth on a run - scoring groundout by Martin Prado and a two - run single by Ramirez . Ramirez 's two - run single in the fifth gave the Marlins a 3 - 0 lead . Uggla led off the ninth with a homer to right off Blaine Boyer , his 19th of the season , to make it 4 - 1 . Blaine Boyer gave up a solo homer to Uggla in the ninth , but the Braves could n't hold the lead . The Braves had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth , but Chipper Jones grounded into a double play .
SEATTLE -- Ryan Rowland-Smith is pitching like a starter for the Seattle Mariners . Rowland-Smith pitched seven strong innings , Randy Ruiz hit a solo homer and the Mariners beat the Minnesota Twins 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Rowland-Smith ( 3 - 2 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Twins have won four of five and have won six of their last seven games . Seattle starter Scott Baker ( 7 - 4 ) gave up three runs and 10 hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked three . The Twins have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Safeco Field since July 26 - 29 , 2011 . The Twins have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- The Atlanta Braves had a chance to win the game in the bottom of the ninth inning . Jeff Francoeur hit a run - scoring single and Gregor Blanco had a bases - loaded fielder 's choice , and the Braves held on for a 10 - 9 victory over the Florida Marlins on Tuesday night . Jeff Ohman ( 4 - 0 ) pitched the ninth for the win . Kevin Gregg ( 6 - 7 ) gave up five hits , four runs and a walk in one inning . The Braves scored four runs in the bottom of the ninth off Kevin Gregg ( 6 - 7 ) . Martin Prado led off with a double , moved to third on a wild pitch and scored on Gregor Blanco 's fielder 's choice grounder . Yunel Escobar followed with an RBI single to make it 8 - 6 . Gregor Blanco 's bases - loaded walk forced in the winning run and Jeff Francoeur 's run - scoring single cut the lead to 9 - 6 . Gregor Blanco followed with a fielder 's choice grounder , and Jeff Francoeur scored on a wild pitch to make it 9 - 8 . Gregor Blanco followed with a grounder to third , but Prado made a strong throw to first to end the inning . Martin Prado and Omar Infante had three hits apiece for the Braves , who have won five of six . Atlanta 's Cody Ross had a two - run homer among his three hits and drove in four runs , and Mike Jacobs added a two - run homer for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Florida starter Scott Olsen gave up five hits and four runs in 5 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . Florida 's Jair Jurrjens gave up six runs and six hits in three innings . The Braves scored three runs in the first inning to take a 3 - 0 lead . Luis Gonzalez had an RBI double and Chipper Jones an RBI double to make it 3 - 3 . Dan Uggla 's RBI single made it 6 - 3 , and Clint Sammons ' RBI single made it 6 - 3 . Jurrjens allowed six runs , six hits and two walks in three - plus innings . The Braves took a 6 - 3 lead in the third on a run - scoring single by Jorge Cantu and a run - scoring single by Clint Sammons . Ross gave up six runs and six hits in three innings . He walked two and struck out one .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Javier Vazquez and the Tampa Bay Rays are on a roll . Javier Vazquez ( 10 - 11 ) gave up four runs and five hits in seven innings for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Dye hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning and a solo shot in the sixth to give the Rays a 5 - 3 lead . Dye hit a solo homer in the fourth and a solo shot in the sixth off Scott Kazmir , who allowed three runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out seven , walked two and hit a batter . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the sixth on a bases - loaded sacrifice fly by Juan Uribe and a two - run single by Carlos Pena . Dye hit a solo homer in the sixth and a solo shot in the sixth . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Dye , who has homered in three straight games for the first time this season . Tampa Bay took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth on a bases - loaded sacrifice fly by Juan Uribe and B. J. Upton 's RBI single . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth . Alexei Ramirez led off with a double and scored on Juan Uribe 's sacrifice fly . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the sixth on Dye 's second homer of the game , but the White Sox responded in the bottom half . Bartlett led off with a double and scored on Pena 's single to center . The White Sox added a run in the eighth on Iwamura 's bases - loaded walk .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Zach Miner and the Detroit Tigers did n't need much offense . Miner pitched three - hit ball over seven innings , Miguel Cabrera homered and the Detroit Tigers beat the Kansas City Royals 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Miner ( 7 - 4 ) allowed three hits , struck out three and walked one in seven innings . The right - hander , who had been 0 - 4 in his previous six starts , allowed three hits and a walk while striking out three . The right - hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts . The Royals have lost four of five and have been shut out three times this season . Kyle Davies ( 5 - 5 ) gave up four runs , four hits and four walks in six innings for the Royals , who have lost four of five . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost six of seven . Cabrera hit a solo homer in the sixth off Joel Peralta to make it 4 - 0 . It was the third time this season the Tigers have hit back - to - back home runs . The Royals have lost four of their past five games . The Royals have lost six of seven . They are 0 - 4 against the Tigers this season . They are 0 - 4 against the Tigers this season . The Royals have lost six of seven . They are 0 - 4 against the Tigers this season . They are 0 - 4 against the Tigers this season . The Royals are 0 - 4 in their past seven games . They are 0 - 4 against the Tigers this season .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting for Denard Span and the rest of the Minnesota Twins ' lineup . Span hit a grand slam and drove in four runs , Glen Perkins pitched eight shutout innings and the Twins beat the Los Angeles Angels 9 - 0 on Tuesday night . Delmon Young hit a two - run homer and Adam Everett had an RBI grounder for the Twins , who have won four of five . Span hit a three - run homer in the sixth off Saunders ( 14 - 6 ) , who gave up six runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out none and walked none . Perkins ( 11 - 3 ) allowed five hits , walked two and struck out three in his longest outing of the season . He struck out three , walked two and hit a batter . The right - hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts , allowing only one run in each of his previous two starts . The Angels have lost six of seven . Saunders was charged with six runs -- six earned -- and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out none and walked none . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his last six starts . The Angels have lost six of their last seven games . The Angels have lost six of their last seven games . The Angels have lost six of their last seven games . The Angels have lost six of their last seven games . The Angels have lost six of their last seven games . The Angels have lost six of their last seven games . The Angels have lost six of their last seven games .
BALTIMORE -- The Boston Red Sox got a glimpse of their future . Jason Varitek hit a two - run homer , Daisuke Matsuzaka pitched five effective innings and the Red Sox beat the Baltimore Orioles 7 - 2 on Thursday night to complete a three - game sweep . Jason Varitek and Kevin Youkilis each homered and drove in three runs for the Red Sox , who took two of three from the Orioles . Matsuzaka ( 15 - 2 ) gave up two runs , six hits and five walks in five innings . The right - hander struck out six , walked five and hit a batter with a pitch in five innings . The right - hander gave up two runs and six hits in five innings , walking five and striking out six . Jason Cabrera and Kevin Youkilis each hit a solo homer for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Baltimore starter Daniel Cabrera ( 8 - 8 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . Youkilis had three hits , including a two - run homer in the fifth that gave the Red Sox a 5 - 2 lead . Youkilis added an RBI single in the eighth . Varitek hit a solo homer in the second inning and a run - scoring double in the fifth to make it 6 - 2 . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Jason Bay and a run - scoring single by Ortiz . In the bottom half , Jacoby Ellsbury led off with a double and scored on a single by David Ortiz .
CLEVELAND -- Jeremy Sowers gave the Cleveland Indians exactly what they needed . The right - hander pitched into the seventh inning , Franklin Gutierrez had three hits and drove in two runs and the Indians beat the Los Angeles Angels 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Sowers ( 2 - 6 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . The right - hander struck out two and walked two . Sowers ( 2 - 6 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . Jensen Lewis pitched the ninth for his third save . Justin Speier ( 1 - 6 ) took the loss , giving up one run and three hits in 1 1/3 innings . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Mark Teixeira and a run - scoring single by Vladimir Guerrero . Ryan Garko 's RBI single in the third gave the Angels a 3 - 2 lead . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Grady Sizemore and a two - run single by Ryan Garko . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Gutierrez and a two - run single by Ryan Garko . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Gutierrez and a two - run single by Gutierrez . The Indians tied it in the bottom half on an RBI single by Ryan Garko and a two - run single by Gutierrez . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Gutierrez and a two - run single by Gutierrez .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- The New York Yankees are on the verge of a playoff spot in the AL Central . The New York Yankees are on the verge of a wild - card spot . Derek Jeter had three hits and scored the go - ahead run in the seventh inning , Alex Rodriguez had a sacrifice fly and the Royals beat the New York Yankees 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Royals won for just the second time in eight games . New York has won six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven and are 2 1/2 games behind the first - place New York Yankees in the AL East . Mark Teahen hit a two - run double and Ross Gload had a sacrifice fly for the Yankees , who have won four straight and six of seven . Yankees starter Andy Pettitte gave up three runs -- three earned -- and six hits in seven - plus innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Joakim Soria pitched the ninth for his 33rd save in 37 chances . He gave up a two - out single to Robinson Cano , then walked Jose Guillen to load the bases before striking out Mike Aviles to end the game . Rivera ( 4 - 1 ) worked 1 2/3 innings for the win , and Leo Nunez ( 4 - 1 ) worked 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Rivera ( 4 - 5 ) gave up two hits and a run in the seventh . The right - hander struck out the side in the ninth . The Yankees had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Soria got Robinson Cano to ground into a game - ending double play for his 33rd save in 36 chances . The Yankees have lost six of their last seven games and are 2 - 4 against the Royals this season . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven .
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting for the Washington Nationals to find a way to get back to .500 . Brad Hawpe hit a two - run homer , Jorge De La Rosa pitched six solid innings and the Rockies beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Troy Tulowitzki and Brad Hawpe hit back - to - back home runs in the third inning to give the Nationals a 2 - 1 lead . Jorge De La Rosa ( 6 - 6 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings for the Rockies , who have won three of four . Jorge De La Rosa ( 6 - 6 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Colorado starter Tim Redding ( 8 - 8 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Matt Holliday 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by Ryan Zimmerman . The Rockies took a 4 - 2 lead in the fifth on Ronnie Belliard 's RBI single and Aaron Boone 's run - scoring groundout . The Rockies took a 4 - 2 lead in the fifth . Emilio Bonifacio led off with a double and scored on Matt Holliday 's double . Aaron Boone followed with a run - scoring groundout to make it 4 - 3 . Colorado took a 4 - 2 lead in the fifth on a run - scoring single by Aaron Boone and a run - scoring single by Ryan Zimmerman . The Rockies took a 4 - 2 lead in the fifth on a two - run homer by Hawpe and a solo shot by Tulowitzki .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The New York Yankees have been waiting for someone to get back to the postseason . Glen Perkins pitched eight innings of four - hit ball , Adam Everett hit a two - run homer and the Minnesota Twins beat the New York Yankees 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Perkins ( 9 - 3 ) gave up four hits and three walks while striking out four . The right - hander has allowed two earned runs or fewer in each of his last six starts . The Twins have won six of their last seven games and have been shut out in three of their last four games . Adam Morneau hit a two - out RBI single in the eighth off Sidney Ponson ( 7 - 3 ) , who gave up four runs and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings . Adam Everett hit a two - out , two - run homer in the second off Sidney Ponson ( 7 - 3 ) , who gave up four runs and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings . Adam Morneau added an RBI single in the eighth for the Twins , who have won three of their last four . The Yankees have been shut out four times this season , including three in the last two games . The Yankees have been shut out three times this season and have been shut out three times this season . They 've scored just seven runs in their last six games . They 've scored just seven runs in their last six games . They 've scored just 10 runs in their last six games . They 've scored just 10 runs in their last six games . They 've scored just 10 runs in their last six games .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Ryan Dempster has n't had much success against the St. Louis Cardinals . Dempster pitched into the seventh inning , Mark DeRosa drove in two runs and the Chicago Cubs beat the St. Louis Cardinals 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Dempster ( 13 - 5 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 2.25 ERA in his last five starts . The Cubs have won five of their last six games . The Cardinals have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind first - place St. Louis in the NL Central . Chris Carpenter ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and six hits in 5 1/3 innings for St. Louis . He walked two and struck out two . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Ronny Cedeno 's two - out , two - run double off Carpenter , who was making his first start of the season . The Cubs added two more runs in the sixth on a sacrifice fly by Joe Mather and a run - scoring double by Albert Pujols . The Cardinals added two more in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Adam Kennedy and an RBI double by Mark DeRosa . The Cardinals added a run in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Adam Kennedy and a sacrifice fly by Joe Mather . The Cardinals had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Jaime Garcia got Kosuke Fukudome to ground into a double play . Jaime Garcia pitched a perfect eighth and Carlos Marmol worked a perfect eighth .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Pittsburgh Pirates had a chance to win the game in the 12th inning . Steve Pearce hit a go - ahead , two - run double in the 12th inning and the Pirates beat the Philadelphia Phillies 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Steve Beam ( 1 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win , and Craig Hansen got the final three outs for his third save . Ryan Doumit singled with one out in the 12th off Les Walrond ( 0 - 1 ) , stole second and scored on Steve Pearce 's two - out double to right - center . Freddy Sanchez followed with an RBI single off Clay Condrey to make it 1 - 0 . Steve Feliz ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the Phillies , who have lost five of six . Blanton allowed one hit in seven innings , striking out seven and walking two . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous five starts . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Maholm allowed five hits , struck out 10 and walked three in seven innings . He has allowed two runs or fewer in each of his last five starts . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Blanton allowed one hit in seven innings , striking out seven and walking two . He has a 4.71 ERA in his last three starts . The Phillies have lost six of their last seven games . The Phillies have lost four straight and seven of eight . They are 0 - 4 against the Pirates this season . They are 0 - 4 against the Pirates this season .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Zach Miner and the Detroit Tigers ' bullpen could n't hold it . Miner pitched six solid innings and Miguel Cabrera hit a two - run homer , leading the Tigers to an 8 - 3 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Miner ( 6 - 4 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Fernando Rodney pitched 1 1/3 innings for his second save . Javier Vazquez ( 8 - 10 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in seven innings for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third , and Carlos Quentin added a solo shot in the eighth to make it 5 - 2 . Curtis Granderson homered off Bobby Seay in the eighth , and Magglio Ordonez had a two - run triple in the ninth for the White Sox , who have won four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox scored four runs in the fifth off Javier Vazquez ( 8 - 10 ) , who allowed five runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked four . The White Sox scored three runs in the fifth to take a 4 - 0 lead . Paul Konerko led off with a double and scored on Juan Uribe 's double . Cabrera followed with an RBI single to make it 4 - 0 . The White Sox added two more in the sixth on Guillen 's RBI triple and Alexei Ramirez 's run - scoring fielder 's choice .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Tim Wakefield 's knuckleball has been a problem for the Boston Red Sox . Wakefield pitched six solid innings and Jacoby Ellsbury hit a three - run homer , leading the Red Sox to an 8 - 2 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . Wakefield ( 7 - 8 ) allowed two runs , one earned , and four hits in six innings . He struck out six and did not walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last four starts . The Red Sox scored three runs in the fifth off Luke Hochevar ( 6 - 10 ) , who gave up five runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . Jed Lowrie had a two - run double in the fifth , and Ross Gload hit a two - run single in the sixth to give the Red Sox a 5 - 2 lead . Ellsbury added a three - run homer in the seventh off Ron Mahay , who gave up three runs and four hits in one inning . The Red Sox scored three runs in the fifth off Luke Hochevar ( 6 - 10 ) , who gave up five runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth on David Ortiz 's RBI single and a two - run single by Ross Gload . Ellsbury 's three - run homer off Ron Mahay in the seventh gave the Red Sox an 8 - 2 lead . Ellsbury had three hits , including a three - run homer in the seventh that gave the Red Sox an 8 - 2 lead .
ST. LOUIS -- The St. Louis Cardinals ' Albert Pujols hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning , and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 9 - 6 on Tuesday night . Pujols had four hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in four runs for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Pujols had four hits , including a three - run homer in the fourth inning that gave the Cardinals a 7 - 3 lead . Pujols had four hits , including a three - run homer in the fourth that put St. Louis ahead 7 - 3 . He also had an RBI single in the third and a three - run homer in the fourth for a 7 - 3 lead . Pujols had four hits , including a three - run homer off Derek Lowe ( 8 - 10 ) in the fourth inning that put St. Louis ahead 7 - 3 . Pujols had four hits , including a three - run homer in the fourth that put the Cardinals ahead 7 - 3 . The Dodgers scored three runs in the eighth to make it 9 - 6 . Casey Blake had three hits for the Dodgers , including an RBI double off Brad Thompson in the eighth . Pineiro ( 4 - 5 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out two and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.95 ERA in his last five starts . The Dodgers scored three runs in the third to take a 3 - 1 lead . Angel Berroa had an RBI triple and scored on a two - out single by Matt Kemp . The Dodgers tied it in the third on a two - out RBI single by Yadier Molina . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Angel Berroa and a run - scoring single by Ramirez . The Cardinals tied it in the third on Ludwick 's RBI single and a run - scoring single by Pujols .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) -- Kyle Kendrick and the Philadelphia Phillies are on a roll . Kendrick pitched six strong innings , Ryan Howard hit a solo homer and the Phillies beat the Florida Marlins 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Kendrick ( 10 - 5 ) allowed four hits , struck out four and walked five . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 4.37 ERA in his last five starts . The Phillies have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 16 games over .500 . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Anibal Sanchez ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and five hits in five innings for the Marlins , who have lost five of six . The Phillies have lost four straight and eight of 10 . Florida has lost four straight and eight of 10 . The Marlins have lost four straight and eight of 10 . Florida has lost four of five . The Marlins have lost four straight and eight of 10 . Florida has lost four of five . The Marlins have lost four straight and eight of 10 . Florida has lost four of five . The Marlins have lost four straight and eight of 10 . Florida has lost four of five . The Marlins have lost four straight and eight of 10 . Florida has lost four of five . The Marlins have lost four of five . Florida 's Chase Utley hit an RBI double in the first and scored on Eric Bruntlett 's double to left - center to make it 2 - 0 . Howard led off the third with a homer to left - center to give the Phillies a 4 - 0 lead . It was Howard 's second homer of the season and second of the season . The Phillies added two more runs in the sixth on RBI singles by Eric Bruntlett and Mike Cervenak and a run - scoring single by Mike Cervenak .
DENVER -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting for Willie Harris and the Colorado Rockies . Harris hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning , Tim Redding pitched five solid innings and the Nationals beat the Colorado Rockies 9 - 4 on Tuesday night . Flores hit a two - run homer off Matt Herges in the eighth , and Emilio Bonifacio had three hits and scored twice . Redding ( 8 - 6 ) allowed four runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked three . Jesus Flores hit a solo homer and drove in two runs for the Rockies , who have lost five of six . Cook ( 14 - 7 ) gave up a season - high seven runs and 11 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three , walked one and hit a batter . The Rockies took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Matt Holliday and a two - run single by Brad Hawpe . Flores hit a solo homer in the second and Harris added a two - run shot in the eighth to make it 9 - 4 . Jason Grilli pitched a scoreless eighth , and Jesus Colome worked a perfect eighth . Luis Ayala pitched the eighth and Jason Grilli worked the ninth to complete the four - hitter . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado scored three times in the first inning to take a 3 - 0 lead . Bonifacio led off with a single , stole second and scored on Matt Holliday 's ground - rule double to the right - field corner . Hawpe followed with a two - run single to give the Nationals a 3 - 0 lead . Flores hit a solo homer in the second and Harris added a two - run shot in the eighth .
ANAHEIM , Calif. ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Angels had a chance to win it in the bottom of the ninth inning . Nick Markakis hit a two - out , two - run single and Chone Figgins drew a bases - loaded walk to force in the winning run as the Angels rallied for a 6 - 5 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . Nick Markakis hit a two - out , two - run single with two outs in the ninth off Francisco Rodriguez ( 3 - 5 ) , and Melvin Mora had a two - out , two - run double off Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) to make it 5 - 3 . Chone Figgins drew a bases - loaded walk from Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 5 ) and Melvin Mora had a two - out , two - run double in the ninth to give the Angels a 6 - 5 victory . Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) got the final out in the ninth for his major league - leading 45th save . Vladimir Guerrero hit a two - run homer and Mark Teixeira had two hits and an RBI for the Orioles , who have lost three of four . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles scored three runs in the ninth off Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) , who gave up two runs and two hits in ( 1 - 2 ) , who gave up a two - run double to Melvin Mora in the ninth . Melvin Mora had a two - out , two - run double in the ninth off Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) to make it 5 - 3 . Torii Hunter drew a bases - loaded walk to force in a run , and Nick Markakis followed with a two - run single to make it 6 - 5 . Sherrill ( 1 - 1 ) got the final out in the ninth for his major league - leading 45th save . George Sherrill ( 3 - 5 ) took the loss , allowing one run and one hit and three walks in 1 2/3 innings . The Angels , who have lost four of five , fell to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game West Coast trip . Baltimore has lost four of five . The Orioles have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game West Coast trip . The Orioles have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game West Coast trip . The Orioles have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game West Coast trip .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) -- The San Francisco Giants are on the verge of a playoff berth . Matt Cain pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Randy Winn had three hits and the San Francisco Giants beat the Atlanta Braves 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cain ( 7 - 9 ) allowed one run and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked five and struck out six . Brian Wilson pitched the ninth for his majors - leading 31st save . Jair Jurrjens ( 9 - 7 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out one . Omar Infante had two hits and drove in a run for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Ivan Ochoa had two hits and drove in a run for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Atlanta took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI single by Aaron Rowand and a run - scoring single by John Bowker . The Braves added a run in the fourth when Fred Lewis drew a leadoff walk and scored on Ivan Ochoa 's single . Winn added an RBI double in the sixth to make it 4 - 1 . Ivan Ochoa had two hits and drove in a run for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Atlanta took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI single by Aaron Rowand and a run - scoring single by John Bowker . The Braves added a run in the fourth on Ivan Ochoa 's two - out RBI single . The Braves added a run in the sixth on an RBI double by Infante .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- The Kansas City Royals have been waiting for a long time in the past week . Zack Greinke pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Mike Aviles went 4 - for - 4 with a home run and three RBIs and the Kansas City Royals routed the Chicago White Sox 14 - 3 on Tuesday night . Greinke ( 9 - 7 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings , striking out six and walking none . The right - hander has won his past three starts , and the Royals have won five of their past six games . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox scored five runs in the second inning off Clayton Richard ( 0 - 2 ) , who gave up a career - high nine runs and 11 hits in 4 1/3 innings . Aviles had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second , and a run - scoring single in the fifth . Aviles had three hits , including a two - run homer in the second , and a run - scoring single in the fifth . The White Sox scored five runs in the sixth , including a two - run double by Miguel Olivo , and a two - run double by Billy Butler , who had three hits and drove in two runs . Aviles had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second , and a run - scoring single in the fifth . The White Sox scored five runs in the sixth to take a 10 - 0 lead . The White Sox scored five runs in the inning , including Aviles ' two - run homer . The White Sox scored five runs in the sixth , including a two - run double by Butler and a run - scoring single by Toby Hall .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- The Kansas City Royals have been waiting for a long time in the past week . Billy Butler had three hits , including a two - run homer , and the Kansas City Royals beat the Chicago White Sox 9 - 7 on Tuesday night . Paul Konerko and Jermaine Dye homered for the White Sox , who have won five of six . Buehrle ( 8 - 10 ) was charged with eight runs and 14 hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked none and struck out one . Jim Thome homered for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . The White Sox scored three runs in the second inning off Mark Buehrle ( 8 - 10 ) , who allowed eight runs and a career - high 14 hits in 4 1/3 innings . German Gload had three hits , including a sacrifice fly , and Miguel Olivo homered for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . The White Sox scored three runs in the second inning to take a 3 - 0 lead . Mike Aviles led off with a double and scored on Carlos Quentin 's groundout . Butler 's two - run homer in the third gave the Royals a 6 - 3 lead , and German added a sacrifice fly in the fourth . German German had three hits , including a two - run triple in the fifth that made it 8 - 3 . Buehrle ( 8 - 10 ) was charged with eight runs and 14 hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked none and struck out one . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on German Gload 's sacrifice fly and Mitch Maier 's run - scoring single in the second . Butler 's two - run homer in the third gave the Royals a 6 - 3 lead . It was Butler 's third homer in four games . The White Sox scored three runs in the eighth off Matt Mahay to make it 8 - 7 . Alexei Ramirez hit an RBI double and Miguel Olivo hit a solo homer off Joakim Soria , who gave up a run - scoring single to Jermaine Dye and a solo homer to Brian Anderson . Soria got his 31st save in 34 opportunities .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting for Joe Mauer to come off the disabled list . Mauer hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the seventh inning and Nick Blackburn pitched seven strong innings to lead the Twins to a 4 - 1 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Joe Nathan pitched a scoreless ninth for his 30th save in 32 chances . Joe Mauer hit a go - ahead , two - run homer off Jeremy Sowers ( 1 - 6 ) in the seventh to give the Twins a 3 - 1 lead . Joe Nathan pitched a scoreless ninth for his 30th save in 34 chances . Blackburn ( 8 - 6 ) gave up one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out two and walked one . The Twins have lost six of seven . Jeremy Sowers ( 1 - 6 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Indians , who have lost four of five . The Indians have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Target Field this season . The Indians have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Target Field this season . The Indians have lost six of their last seven games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Target Field this season . The Indians have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Target Field this season . The Indians have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Target Field this season .
PHILADELPHIA -- So much for the Philadelphia Phillies . Lou Marson had three hits and drove in three runs , Les Walrond pitched two scoreless innings and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Washington Nationals 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Lou Marson hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and Matt Stairs added a pinch - hit solo shot in the eighth for the Phillies , who have won four of five . Odalis Perez ( 1 - 1 ) struck out four in two scoreless innings for his first major league win . Odalis Perez ( 7 - 12 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings for the Nationals , who have lost five of six . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Kory Casto 's RBI double and Alberto Gonzalez 's run - scoring single . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Taguchi hit a two - run single and Eric Bruntlett had a run - scoring double . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Tadahito Iguchi 's single . Kendrick allowed three runs and four hits in four innings . He struck out one and walked none .
ST. LOUIS -- The St. Louis Cardinals had a big night at the plate . Ryan Ludwick hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , Felipe Lopez had four hits and three RBIs and the Cardinals beat the Cincinnati Reds 11 - 4 on Tuesday night . Joey Votto homered and drove in two runs for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Troy Glaus and Edwin Encarnacion also went deep for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Lopez had a two - run double in the third and a two - run double in the third . Lopez had a two - run double in the third and a two - run double in the third . Joey Votto homered and Brendan Ryan had two hits and an RBI for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Brad Thompson ( 6 - 3 ) allowed three runs and four hits in five innings for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . The Cardinals have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Reds have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Reds have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Reds have lost four of five . Pettyjohn Pettyjohn : Adam Kennedy was 0 - for - 4 and is hitless in his last 21 at - bats . He is hitless in his last 16 at - bats .
BALTIMORE -- Vernon Wells had a career - high four hits and drove in five runs , and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Baltimore Orioles 10 - 1 Thursday to complete a three - game sweep . Wells went 4 - for - 4 with a pair of homers and five RBIs , and Jesse Litsch ( 13 - 9 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . The right - hander struck out five , walked one and hit a batter in seven innings . Brandon League pitched the eighth and Brian Burres pitched the eighth . Jesse Carlson worked the eighth and Brandon League worked the eighth before Randor Bierd , the fourth Toronto pitcher of the inning , got the final out of the inning . Wells hit a three - run homer in the fifth and a three - run drive in the fifth . He hit a three - run shot in the fifth and a three - run drive in the fifth . Wells hit a solo homer in the second and a three - run drive in the fifth . He hit a three - run drive in the fifth and a three - run drive in the fifth . Wells hit a two - run homer in the fifth and a three - run drive in the fifth . He hit a three - run drive in the fifth and a three - run drive in the fifth . It was his first multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Lyle Overbay also homered for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Jeremy Guthrie ( 10 - 12 ) gave up three runs , three earned , and six hits in four - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his last five starts . The Blue Jays added three runs in the eighth off Bob Simon and Kevin Mench .
SEATTLE -- The Los Angeles Angels have been waiting for Vladimir Guerrero . Guerrero hit two home runs and drove in three runs , Jose Arredondo ( 10 - 2 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings and Scot Shields pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save as the Angels beat the Seattle Mariners 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Guerrero hit a two - run homer in the ninth off J. J. Putz ( 6 - 5 ) , giving the Angels a 6 - 4 victory over the Mariners on Tuesday night . Guerrero hit a two - run homer in the ninth off J. J. Putz ( 6 - 5 ) to give the Angels a 6 - 4 lead . It was Guerrero 's second multi - homer game of the season and his first multi - homer game of the season . It was the first multi - homer game of Guerrero 's career . Guerrero hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Jose Arredondo ( 10 - 2 ) , and Yuniesky Betancourt added a two - run shot in the ninth off J. J. Putz ( 6 - 5 ) . Scot Shields pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save . Angels starter Dustin Moseley gave up two runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He struck out three and walked one . Seattle starter Cesar Jimenez allowed one run and two hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out none . Seattle starter Cesar Jimenez allowed one run and two hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out none . Seattle starter Cesar Jimenez allowed one run and two hits in 3 2 - 3 innings . He walked three and struck out none . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a sacrifice fly by Mike Napoli and a run - scoring double by Gary Matthews Jr. , who was 0 - for - 2 with two walks and an RBI . Betancourt hit a two - run homer in the seventh to give the Angels a 4 - 2 lead .
NEW YORK -- Micah Hoffpauir had a career - high five hits and drove in five runs , leading the New York Mets to a 7 - 6 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . The Mets have won five of six and are a half - game behind Chicago in the NL East . Hoffpauir , who had a career - high five hits , had a career - high five hits and drove in five runs . He also had a career - high five hits , including a tiebreaking , three - run homer in the seventh that gave the Mets a 7 - 6 lead . Jose Reyes drew a leadoff walk from Kevin Hart ( 2 - 2 ) in the bottom half and scored on Carlos Beltran 's single to center . Joe Smith ( 6 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Hoffpauir , who had five hits , had a career - high five hits and five RBIs for the Mets , who have won five of six . Hoffpauir , who had a career - high five hits , had a career - high five hits , including a tiebreaking , three - run homer in the seventh that gave the Mets a 6 - 6 lead . Hoffpauir , who had a career - high five hits , had a career - high five hits and drove in five runs . Ryan Church had three hits , including a two - run double in the third that put the Mets ahead 3 - 1 . Cubs starter Rich Harden gave up three runs and two hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out four . Martinez allowed five runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked four .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) -- The Colorado Rockies are starting to look like themselves . Clint Barmes had four hits and drove in four runs , Matt Holliday drove in three runs and the Colorado Rockies beat the San Francisco Giants 15 - 6 on Tuesday night . Garrett Atkins also homered and drove in three runs for the Rockies , who have won four of five . Colorado has won six of seven . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . Colorado has won six of seven . The Rockies have won seven of their last nine games . Colorado has won six of seven . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . The Giants have lost six of seven . The Giants have lost six of seven . The Giants have lost six of seven . The Giants have lost seven of their last 10 games . The Giants scored seven runs in the first three innings off Kevin Correia , who was tagged for seven runs on seven hits and two walks in two - plus innings . It was the shortest outing of the season for Correia , who was tagged for seven runs and seven hits . He was tagged for seven runs and seven hits in two - plus innings .
PHILADELPHIA -- Mike Gonzalez has been a tough - luck loser for the Atlanta Braves . Hampton pitched six effective innings and the Atlanta Braves beat the Philadelphia Phillies 3 - 2 on Wednesday night . Hampton ( 3 - 3 ) allowed two runs and six hits , striking out four . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in four starts against the Phillies this season . The Braves have won six of their last seven games . Hamels ( 14 - 10 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Casey Kotchman hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Philadelphia has lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost four straight and eight of 10 . They 've lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Phillies have lost three straight and six of seven . They 've lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost four straight and eight of 10 . They have won eight of 10 . The Phillies have lost three straight and six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven . The Phillies have lost four straight and seven of nine . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Phillies have lost three straight and six of seven . They have n't won consecutive games since a three - game winning streak from July 26 - 29 .
BOSTON -- Zach Jackson 's first start of the season was n't a problem for the Cleveland Indians . The right - hander pitched six solid innings , David Ortiz homered and the Indians beat Josh Beckett and the Boston Red Sox 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Jackson ( 1 - 3 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings , striking out four and walking four . Jensen Lewis pitched the ninth for his 12th save . Josh Beckett ( 12 - 10 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Asdrubal Cabrera drew a bases - loaded walk and Jamey Carroll followed with a run - scoring single . Shin-Soo Choo 's RBI single made it 3 - 1 in the fifth . Youkilis had an RBI double in the seventh , and Ortiz homered off Javier Lopez to make it 4 - 2 in the fifth . It was his fourth homer of the season and second in two days . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Travis Hafner and a run - scoring double by Youkilis . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a bases - loaded walk to Youkilis . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a bases - loaded walk to Youkilis . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a bases - loaded walk to Youkilis . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a bases - loaded walk to Youkilis .
MIAMI -- Joe Blanton did n't have his best stuff . Blanton struck out nine in five innings , John Baker hit a two - run double and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Florida Marlins 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Blanton ( 8 - 12 ) allowed two runs , two earned , and four hits in five innings . He struck out nine and walked two . Brad Lidge pitched the ninth for his 39th save . Anibal Sanchez ( 2 - 5 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked three . Shane Victorino hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Florida took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Chase Utley 's RBI single . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on John Baker 's two - run double . Greg Dobbs ' two - out single in the sixth gave the Phillies a 3 - 2 lead . Victorino hit a solo homer in the fourth for a 2 - 1 lead . It was his second homer in two games . Victorino hit a solo homer in the fourth for a 2 - 1 lead . It was Victorino 's fourth homer in his last six games . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Carlos Ruiz walked , stole second , went to third on a wild pitch and scored on a single by John Baker . Florida took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Howard 's fielding error by third baseman Jorge Cantu , who was charged with an error .
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) -- Jeff Baisley and the Oakland Athletics are doing their best to get back on track . Kenji Baisley hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs , Bryan LaHair hit a two - run homer and the A 's beat the Seattle Mariners 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Johjima 's two - run single in the fourth inning gave the A 's a 4 - 2 lead and chased Seattle starter Kirk Saarloos , who gave up five runs and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings . The A 's scored four runs in the fourth to take a 4 - 2 lead . Johjima 's two - run single in the fourth made it 4 - 2 , and the A 's scored four times in the fourth to take a 4 - 2 lead . Johjima 's two - run single in the fourth made it 4 - 2 , and the A 's scored four runs in the fourth to take a 4 - 2 lead . Johjima 's two - run single in the fourth made it 4 - 2 , and the A 's scored four runs in the fourth to take a 4 - 2 lead . Johjima 's two - run single in the fourth made it 4 - 2 , and the A 's scored four runs in the fourth to take a 4 - 2 lead . Johjima 's two - run single in the fourth made it 4 - 2 , and the A 's scored four runs in the fourth to take a 4 - 2 lead . Johjima 's two - run single in the fourth made it 4 - 2 , and the A 's scored four runs in the fourth to take a 4 - 2 lead . Johjima 's two - run single in the fourth made it 4 - 2 , and LaHair 's two - run homer in the sixth gave the A 's a 7 - 4 lead . The A 's scored three runs in the sixth to take a 7 - 4 lead . Carlos Gonzalez and Daric Barton had RBI singles and Rob Bowen hit a two - run double . Huston Street ( 7 - 5 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Brad Ziegler worked around a leadoff single in the ninth for his 11th save . The A 's scored four runs in the fourth to take a 4 - 2 lead . LaHair hit a two - run homer in the inning and Johjima added a two - run single in the fourth .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- Johnny Cueto had a tough time for the Cincinnati Reds . Cueto pitched six solid innings , Micah Owings had a pinch - hit , pinch - hit single and the Cincinnati Reds beat CC Sabathia and the Milwaukee Brewers 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Cueto ( 9 - 13 ) gave up six hits and two runs with no walks and four strikeouts in six innings . Rickie Weeks hit a solo homer in the ninth off Francisco Cordero , his 32nd of the season . Cordero gave up a solo homer to Rickie Weeks in the ninth before finishing for his 32nd save in 34 chances . Sabathia ( 15 - 10 ) gave up four runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three , walked one and hit a batter . The Brewers had a chance to score in the first , but Cueto got out of a bases - loaded threat in the fourth by getting Jason Kendall to hit into an inning - ending double play . Cueto ( 9 - 13 ) gave up six hits and two runs with no walks and four strikeouts in six innings . The right - hander has won his last three starts against the Brewers , who have won seven of their last 10 games . The Reds have won five of their last six games . They 've won five of their last six games . The Brewers have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Brewers have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven .
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Angels finally got a chance to win a game in Oakland . Joe Saunders pitched seven shutout innings and Brandon Wood hit a solo homer , leading the Angels to a 6 - 4 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . Saunders ( 16 - 7 ) allowed six hits , struck out four and walked three . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last five starts . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last five starts . Kendrys Morales hit a solo homer in the seventh for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Josh Outman ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Mike Napoli hit a solo homer in the seventh for the A 's , who have lost four of five . The A 's lost for only the second time in nine games . They were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's lost for the seventh time in nine games and fell to 1 - 6 on their nine - game West Coast trip . The A 's lost for the fourth time in five games . They were shut out for the third time this season . The A 's scored in the first inning when Mark Teixeira singled in Gary Matthews Jr. , who had three hits . Gary Quinlan had an RBI single in the fifth for the A 's , who have lost four of five . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season .
PHOENIX ( AP ) -- Brandon Webb had a rough start for the Arizona Diamondbacks . Webb pitched seven strong innings , Justin Upton hit a two - run homer and the Diamondbacks beat Jonathan Sanchez and the San Francisco Giants 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Webb ( 21 - 7 ) allowed three runs and eight hits , striking out two and walking two . The right - hander has allowed three runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . Webb , who had n't allowed more than three earned runs in any of his previous five starts , gave up three runs in the first inning . Webb ( 9 - 11 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked three and struck out four . Justin Upton hit a two - run homer in the second inning for the Giants , who have lost four of five . David Eckstein homered and Stephen Drew had four hits for San Francisco , which has lost four of five . The Giants scored three runs in the first inning off Jonathan Sanchez ( 9 - 11 ) , who allowed six runs and six hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . The Giants took a 3 - 0 lead in the first inning on Pablo Sandoval 's RBI double and John Bowker 's run - scoring fielder 's choice . Bengie Molina 's RBI single made it 3 - 0 , and Stephen Drew singled in a run to make it 3 - 0 . Upton hit a two - run homer off Kevin Correia in the second inning to give the Giants a 6 - 3 lead . Eckstein homered off Kevin Correia leading off the sixth .
CLEVELAND -- Victor Martinez 's first game - ending homer of the season came on the first pitch he saw from Joe Nathan ( 0 - 2 ) . Victor Martinez hit a three - run homer with one out in the 11th inning to give the Cleveland Indians a 12 - 9 win over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Victor Martinez hit a three - run homer in the bottom of the 11th to give the Twins a 9 - 9 lead , but the Indians tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Delmon Young and a run - scoring single by Justin Morneau . The Indians , who have lost five of six , took a 9 - 8 lead in the eighth . The Twins tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Delmon Young and a two - run homer by Grady Sizemore . Tom Mastny ( 2 - 2 ) struck out two in a scoreless inning for the win . The Indians have won five of six . Garko hit a three - run homer in the second inning and added a sacrifice fly in the third to give the Indians a 4 - 1 lead . Garko 's sacrifice fly in the third gave the Indians a 7 - 1 lead . Cleveland starter Francisco Liriano gave up eight runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 2 2/3 innings . The right - hander struck out four and walked two . Cleveland starter Zach Jackson gave up seven runs -- seven earned -- in 5 1/3 innings . The right - hander was charged with seven runs -- seven earned -- and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out two , walked one and hit a batter .
MIAMI ( AP ) -- Chris Volstad has been the Florida Marlins ' ace . Volstad pitched eight strong innings , Jorge Cantu hit a three - run homer and the Marlins beat Roy Oswalt and the Houston Astros 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Volstad ( 5 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in eight innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Oswalt ( 15 - 10 ) allowed five runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out 10 and walked one . Jorge Cantu hit a three - run homer in the first inning for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Jorge Cantu hit a three - run homer and Hanley Ramirez had three hits for the Astros , who have lost three of four . Houston has lost four of five . The Astros have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their past seven games . The Astros have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their past seven games . The Astros have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their past seven games . The Astros have lost six of their past seven games . They 've lost six of their past seven games . The Astros have lost six of their past seven games . They 've lost six of their past seven games . They 've lost six of their past seven games . The Astros have lost six of their past seven games . They 've lost six of their past seven games . They 've lost six of their past seven games . They 've lost six of their past eight .
CLEVELAND -- The Kansas City Royals ' Ryan Shealy 's two - run homer in the eighth inning gave the Royals a 13 - 3 win over the Cleveland Indians on Friday night . Shealy , who had a career - high five RBIs , hit a solo homer in the second and a three - run shot in the eighth . He also hit a solo homer in the second inning and a three - run shot in the eighth . Shealy , who had a career - high five RBIs , hit a solo homer in the second inning and a three - run shot in the eighth . The 13 homers are the most by a Royals player since Hall of Famer Tris Speaker hit in 21 straight in 2004 . Shealy , who had a career - high five RBIs , hit a solo homer in the second inning and a three - run shot in the eighth . The 13 homers are the most by a Royals player since Hall of Famer Gaylord Perry went deep six times in a 10 - 1 win over the Chicago White Sox on July 28 , 2006 . The Indians have won five of six and are a season - high 16 games over .500 . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians , who have lost six of seven , took a 3 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run double by Jose Guillen and a run - scoring single by Ryan Garko . The Indians scored three runs in the first , including a two - run single by Jhonny Peralta . Jeremy Sowers gave up three runs and five hits in three innings . The Indians scored three runs in the first inning to take a 3 - 0 lead . Alberto Callaspo had an RBI double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Victor Martinez to make it 3 - 2 . Jose Guillen 's two - out , two - run double in the fourth gave the Royals a 7 - 3 lead .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- Pittsburgh Pirates manager Clint Hurdle was n't worried about his team 's recent struggles . Nate McLouth homered and drove in two runs , Adam LaRoche drove in three runs and the Pirates beat the St. Louis Cardinals 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Pirates have won five of six and have the best record in the National League . The Pirates have lost six of seven and are a season - high 16 games over .500 . The Pirates have lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . The Pirates have lost five of six and are a season - worst 11 games under .500 . The Cardinals have lost five of six and are a season - worst 10 games below .500 . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . Brad Thompson ( 5 - 3 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked one and struck out none . LaRoche 's two - run double in the second made it 5 - 0 , and McLouth added a solo homer in the fourth to make it 7 - 2 . Brandon Moss had two hits and two RBIs for the Cardinals , who have lost three of four . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven .
MIAMI -- Josh Johnson has been a big part of the Florida Marlins ' recent success . Johnson struck out nine in six innings , Hanley Ramirez hit a two - run homer and the Marlins beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Johnson ( 5 - 1 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings , striking out nine and walking one . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 3.30 ERA in his past six starts . Jorge Cantu hit a two - run homer in the first inning for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Tim Redding ( 10 - 9 ) allowed four runs and five hits in six innings for the Nationals . He struck out five and walked three . Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the second inning , and Elijah Dukes had a two - out , two - run double in the sixth to make it 4 - 2 . Matt Lindstrom pitched a hitless ninth for his fourth save in five chances . The Marlins have lost four of five . Washington 's Ryan Zimmerman had two hits and scored a run for the Nationals , who have lost three of four . The Nationals have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . Washington 's Josh Willingham extended his hitting streak to a career - high 14 games with a single in the sixth . He was replaced by pinch - runner Jeremy Hermida , who went 0 for 3 with a strikeout . Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Ramirez hit a two - run shot in the second . Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the second .
CLEVELAND -- The Kansas City Royals have been waiting for Mark Teahen to come out of the bullpen . Mark Teahen homered twice and drove in two runs , Robinson Tejeda pitched five effective innings and the Royals beat the Cleveland Indians 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Teahen hit a solo homer in the fourth and a solo shot in the fifth . Shealy , who went 4 - for - 5 with a homer , hit a solo shot in the second and a two - run single in the ninth . Miguel Olivo had three hits and three RBIs for the Royals , who have won five of six . Tejeda ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one run and two hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out two . Joakim Soria got the final out for his 37th save . Bryan Bullington ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings for the Indians , who have lost five of six . The Indians have lost six of seven . Teahen hit a solo homer in the fourth and a solo shot in the fifth . It was his second multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Shealy , who had a career - high four hits , went 4 - for - 5 with a homer and two RBIs . The Indians scored two runs in the ninth off Masa Kobayashi to make it 6 - 2 . Garko hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Devon Lowery to make it 8 - 4 . Olivo had three hits , including a two - run double in the sixth , and a run - scoring single in the ninth .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- The Minnesota Twins have n't been able to find a way to get back to the postseason . Justin Morneau hit a two - run homer , Nick Blackburn pitched seven strong innings and the Minnesota Twins beat the Kansas City Royals 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Denard Span had three hits , including a triple , and scored twice for the Twins , who have won four of five . Brian Bannister ( 7 - 15 ) gave up seven runs and 10 hits in 3 2/3 innings for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Blackburn ( 10 - 8 ) allowed two runs and five hits , striking out three and walking one . He has won his last three starts and has a 3.67 ERA over that span . The Twins have won 10 of their last 13 games and are a season - high 16 games over .500 . Miguel Olivo hit a solo homer for the Royals , who have lost three straight and six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Royals have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Royals have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Royals have lost six of their last seven games . The Royals have lost six of their last seven games . The Royals have lost six of their last seven games . The Royals have lost six of their last seven games . The Royals have lost six of their last seven games . The Royals have lost six of seven .
BALTIMORE -- Jeremy Sowers gave the Cleveland Indians exactly what they needed . Sowers pitched eight innings of four - hit ball , Jhonny Peralta had an RBI single and the Cleveland Indians beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Sowers ( 3 - 8 ) allowed one run and four hits in eight innings , striking out seven and walking one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in his last four starts . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.91 ERA in his last four starts . Sowers gave up one run and four hits in eight innings , striking out seven and walking one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.91 ERA in his last four starts . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.91 ERA in his last four starts . Sowers gave up one run and four hits in eight innings , striking out seven and walking one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 3.09 ERA in four starts against the Orioles this season . Radhames Liz ( 5 - 5 ) gave up four runs , three earned , and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on Michael Marte 's RBI single . The Orioles made it 3 - 0 in the third . David Dellucci hit an RBI triple and scored on a two - out single by Jhonny Peralta . Cleveland made it 4 - 1 in the fifth . Asdrubal Cabrera hit a sacrifice fly and Michael Aubrey followed with an RBI single .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- Detroit Tigers manager Jim Leyland was n't surprised to see Curtis Granderson hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning to lift the Tigers to a 6 - 4 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Curtis Granderson hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and Magglio Ordonez added a two - run shot in the eighth to lift the Tigers to a 6 - 4 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Detroit 's Scott Baker gave up three runs and four hits in 7 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out five . Curtis Granderson hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Verlander gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out four . Verlander gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings , walking four and striking out four . The right - hander , who has won his last three starts , gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out four . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . Matt Guerrier ( 6 - 7 ) gave up two runs , two hits and a walk in his first appearance since being called up from Triple-A Rochester . The right - hander gave up a two - run homer to Magglio Ordonez in the eighth inning and a two - run shot to Curtis Granderson in the eighth . Curtis Granderson hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Twins , who have lost four of five . The Twins have lost four of five . Minnesota 's Carlos Gomez hit a two - run double in the sixth inning to give the Twins a 4 - 1 lead . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Justin Morneau 's RBI single and a sacrifice fly by Cabrera .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Elijah Dukes was n't surprised to see the Atlanta Braves get a win . Dukes had a pair of two - run homers , including a solo shot in the 10th inning , and the Nationals beat the Atlanta Braves 8 - 5 on Tuesday night . Ryan Zimmerman also homered and drove in two runs for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Dukes had a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth . He also had an RBI single in the seventh . Ryan Shell pitched a perfect 10th for his second save . Washington 's Mike Gonzalez ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up three runs and three hits in one - third of an inning . Ryan Zimmerman hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Joel Hanrahan ( 6 - 3 ) to give the Braves a 5 - 3 lead . Ryan Shell pitched a perfect 10th for his second save . Atlanta 's Mike Hinckley gave up a two - run homer to Ryan Zimmerman in the ninth , but the Braves rallied for three runs in the bottom half . Kelly Johnson 's two - run double off Joel Hanrahan cut Atlanta 's lead to 5 - 5 . Ryan Zimmerman added a run - scoring double and Kelly Hernandez 's two - out , two - run double off Joel Hanrahan ( 6 - 3 ) gave the Nationals a 5 - 3 lead . Hanrahan ( 6 - 3 ) allowed two runs in the ninth to earn his first win since July 29 . The Nationals had a chance to tie it at 5 in the ninth , but pinch - hitter Brent Lillibridge was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second on Zimmerman 's double to right - center . The Nationals had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Steven Norton was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second on Zimmerman 's double to right . Langerhans ' pinch - hit homer in the 10th gave the Nationals a 5 - 3 lead . It was Atlanta 's first pinch - hit homer of the season , and the first of Dukes ' two home runs this season . The Nationals had a chance to take the lead in the ninth . Casey Kotchman led off with a single and moved to second on Cristian Guzman 's sacrifice . After Lastings Milledge walked , Steven Rivera walked pinch - hitter Greg Norton to load the bases . Kelly Hernandez followed with a two - run double down the left - field line to make it 5 - 5 . Langerhans ' pinch - hit homer in the 10th gave the Nationals a 5 - 3 lead , but Dukes ' two - run homer in the bottom half off Joel Hanrahan ( 6 - 3 ) gave the Nationals a 5 - 3 lead . It was Dukes ' second multihomer game of the season and his second of the season . Hampton allowed five runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- The Milwaukee Brewers had a chance to win it in the bottom of the 11th inning , and the Milwaukee Brewers rallied to beat the San Diego Padres 3 - 2 on Wednesday night . J. J. Hardy singled home pinch - runner Craig Counsell with the winning run in the 11th inning , giving the Brewers a 3 - 2 victory over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night . The Brewers have won five of six and are a season - high 16 games over .500 . Brian Giles had a career - high four hits , including a home run , and drove in a run for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Sabathia gave up five hits , walked two and struck out nine . Brian Giles had a career - high four hits for the Padres , including a tying home run off Eric Gagne in the eighth . Brian Shouse ( 5 - 1 ) got the last two outs of the 11th for the win . Falkenborg ( 2 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up three hits and a run in 1 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out none . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Brian Bell got Kevin Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Brian Bell got Kevin Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Brian Bell got Kevin Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Brian Bell got Kevin Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Brian Bell got Kevin Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Brian Bell got Kevin Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Brian Bell got Kevin Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Brian Bell got Kevin Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Salomon Torres struck out Mike Cameron to end the inning .
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- The New York Yankees have been waiting for a long time to get back to the playoffs . Brandon Morrow pitched a one - hitter for his first career no - hitter , and the Seattle Mariners beat the New York Yankees 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Seattle 's Andy Pettitte ( 13 - 12 ) gave up three runs -- three earned -- and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Morrow ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one hit in 7 2/3 innings , struck out eight and walked three . J. J. Putz pitched a scoreless ninth for his 11th save in 13 chances . The Yankees have won four of five . Pettitte ( 13 - 12 ) allowed three runs -- three earned -- and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked one . It was the first time he had allowed three runs in a game this season . The Yankees scored three times in the fourth to take a 3 - 0 lead . Miguel Cairo led off with a double and scored on Yuniesky Betancourt 's sacrifice fly . Pettitte ( 13 - 12 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked one . The Yankees scored three times in the fourth to take a 3 - 0 lead . Miguel Cairo led off with a double and scored on Kenji Johjima 's single to right . Kenji Johjima followed with an RBI single to give the Yankees a 1 - 0 lead . Seattle added a run in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Adrian Beltre .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- Alex Rodriguez and the New York Yankees are on a roll . Rodriguez homered and drove in four runs , Gabe Gross hit a two - run homer and the Yankees beat the Tampa Bay Rays 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Carl Pavano gave up three runs and six hits over four innings in his first start for the Rays since being acquired from Tampa Bay in a trade on July 31 . The right - hander was coming off a two - hit shutout against Tampa Bay in his previous start , a 3 - 1 win over the New York Yankees . The right - hander allowed three runs and six hits over four innings in his second start since coming off the 15 - day disabled list to make his first start of the season . Pavano gave up three runs and six hits in four innings . He walked two and struck out one . Edwar Ramirez ( 5 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Edwin Jackson ( 11 - 9 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in 3 1/3 innings for Tampa Bay . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a < unk > ERA in his last four starts . The Yankees scored three runs in the second inning to take a 5 - 1 lead . Robinson Cano hit an RBI double and scored on a double by Cliff Floyd . The Rays took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Hideki Matsui and a run - scoring double by Jason Giambi . The Rays took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Ivan Rodriguez and a run - scoring double by Cliff Floyd .
WASHINGTON -- Ryan Howard and the Washington Nationals have been waiting for a long time . Zimmerman homered twice and drove in two runs , Cristian Guzman added a three - run double in the eighth inning and the Nationals beat the Philadelphia Phillies 9 - 7 on Tuesday night . Ryan Madson struck out four in two perfect innings , and Joel Hanrahan gave up two runs in the ninth . The Nationals trailed 5 - 4 in the seventh before rallying for a 7 - 6 victory . Ryan Zimmerman homered and drove in two runs for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Philadelphia 's Odalis Perez gave up three runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Howard hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning and a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Phillies a 5 - 4 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Howard , who hit a two - run shot in the first inning off Odalis Seanez ( 5 - 4 ) to give the Nationals a 5 - 4 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Howard , who hit a two - run shot in the first inning off Cole Hamels to give the Nationals a 5 - 4 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Howard , who hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning of Thursday 's 3 - 2 win over the New York Mets . The Nationals scored twice in the ninth off Joel Hanrahan , who gave up a run - scoring double to Ronnie Belliard and a run - scoring fielder 's choice to pinch - hitter Matt Stairs . The Phillies took a 5 - 4 lead in the sixth on a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Lastings Milledge and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Kory Casto .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- Mike Mussina pitched six strong innings , and the New York Yankees beat the Tampa Bay Rays 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Mussina ( 17 - 7 ) allowed two runs and 10 hits in six innings , striking out eight and walking one . The right - hander has won his last three starts against the Rays , who have won four of five . The Yankees have won five of their last six games against the Rays , who have won eight of their last 10 games against the Rays , who have won eight of their last 10 games at Tropicana Field . Xavier Nady hit a two - run homer for Tampa Bay , which has lost four of five . Rodriguez hit his major league - leading 27th homer , a solo shot in the eighth off Jason Hammel , who gave up a run - scoring single to Shawn Riggans that made it 6 - 2 . Garza ( 11 - 8 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- and five hits in five - plus innings . He walked one and struck out two . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Johnny Damon 's RBI triple and a run - scoring single by Cliff Floyd . The Rays took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Jason Giambi and a run - scoring single by Derek Jeter . Tampa Bay went ahead 5 - 1 in the fifth on a run - scoring single by Cliff Floyd and a run - scoring single by Hideki Matsui . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Carlos Pena .
CINCINNATI -- Lance Berkman and the Cincinnati Reds were n't going to let it slip away . Lance Berkman and Lance Berkman hit back - to - back home runs in the sixth inning , and the Houston Astros beat the Cincinnati Reds 4 - 1 on Tuesday night to snap a four - game losing streak . Berkman hit a solo homer in the sixth inning off Johnny Cueto , who allowed one run and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out five , walked one and hit a batter . Cueto allowed one run and six hits in seven innings , striking out two and walking two . Chris Sampson ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . Francisco Cordero ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth . Hunter Pence hit a two - run double off Tim Byrdak in the ninth to give the Reds a 3 - 1 lead . Miguel Tejada had three hits for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Cincinnati has lost four of five . The Astros have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park this season . The Reds have lost seven of their last nine games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost six of their last seven games .
ST. LOUIS -- Rich Harden and the Chicago Cubs ' bullpen could n't hold it . Harden struck out nine in six innings , Kosuke Fukudome homered and drove in five runs and the Chicago Cubs beat the St. Louis Cardinals 10 - 3 on Tuesday night . Harden ( 2 - 1 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked two . Fukudome hit a three - run homer off Trever Miller in the eighth . Yadier Molina and Micah Hoffpauir also homered for the Cubs , who have won four of five . Todd Wellemeyer ( 1 - 2 ) allowed eight hits and six runs in five innings for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Rick Ankiel hit a solo homer for the Cardinals , who have lost three of four . Cardinals manager Tony La Russa was ejected in the second inning for arguing a called third strike . He was ejected for arguing with plate umpire Mike Everitt after he was hit by a pitch from Harden in the sixth . The Cardinals had a season - high 16 hits , including three in the first inning , and a run - scoring single by Fukudome in the fourth . The Cardinals had a season - high 16 hits , including four by Fukudome , who had three hits , including a three - run homer off Trever Miller in the eighth . Fukudome had three hits , including a three - run homer off Trever Miller in the eighth . He had three hits , including a three - run homer off Trever Miller in the eighth . Fukudome had three hits , including a three - run homer off Trever Miller in the eighth . He had three hits , including a three - run homer off Neal Cotts in the eighth that made it 7 - 2 . Fukudome had three hits , including a three - run homer off Trever Miller in the eighth . He had three hits , including a three - run homer off Neal Cotts in the eighth that made it 7 - 2 . Fukudome had three hits , including a three - run homer off Trever Miller in the eighth . He had three hits , including a three - run homer in the eighth that made it 7 - 2 .
HOUSTON -- Ryan Braun was n't surprised to see Prince Fielder hit two home runs . Braun had four hits , including a go - ahead single in the 11th inning , and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the Houston Astros 9 - 8 on Tuesday night . Fielder hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Jose Valverde to give the Brewers an 8 - 7 lead . The Brewers trailed 4 - 1 before scoring three runs in the eighth . Fielder hit a two - run homer off Jose Valverde in the ninth to make it 6 - all . Fielder hit a two - run homer off Todd Coffey in the ninth to make it 6 - all . The Astros trailed 4 - 1 before scoring four times in the sixth . Braun singled with one out and Fielder followed with his second homer of the game , a two - run shot to right field that tied it at 7 . It was Fielder 's first multi - homer game of the season and the first multi - homer game of his career . Fielder hit a two - run shot off Jose Valverde in the ninth inning to give the Brewers an 8 - 7 lead . Mark DiFelice ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Geoff Geary ( 0 - 3 ) took the loss , allowing one run and three hits in two innings . He walked two and struck out two . Houston starter Mike Hampton gave up four runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked three . Houston starter Jeff Suppan allowed four runs -- three earned -- and four hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out six . The Astros took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a two - out , two - run homer by Carlos Lee , who was recalled from Triple-A Oklahoma City earlier in the day . Bourn led off the fifth with his first homer of the season to make it 4 - 1 . The Astros added a run in the eighth on Jason Kendall 's sacrifice fly .
BALTIMORE -- Ian Kinsler and the Texas Rangers have been waiting for Ian Kinsler to come off the disabled list . Kinsler homered twice and drove in three runs , Scott Feldman won for the first time in more than a year and the Rangers beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Kinsler hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the second , giving the Rangers a 4 - 0 lead . Kinsler hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the second . Kinsler hit a two - run shot in the second , and Wigginton connected in the sixth to make it 6 - 2 . Feldman ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out two . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 5.40 ERA in his first five starts against the Orioles this season , but the right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 5.40 ERA in his first five starts this season . Andruw Jones hit a solo homer in the second inning for the Orioles , who have lost three of four . Hendrickson allowed six runs , five earned , and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out four , walked one and hit a batter . Hendrickson allowed six runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out four , walked one and hit a batter . Baltimore starter Derek Holland allowed one run and one hit in three innings . He walked two and struck out two . Frank Francisco got two outs for his fourth save .
TORONTO -- The Texas Rangers have been waiting for Michael Young and the Texas Rangers . Michael Young hit a tying home run in the ninth inning , Kevin Millar singled in the winning run in the 11th and the Blue Jays beat the Texas Rangers 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Michael Young hit a tying solo homer in the ninth off Ryan Downs , his third hit of the game . Barajas hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run drive in the fourth , his first multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Barajas hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot off Matt Harrison in the fourth , his second of the season . The Blue Jays scored three times in the sixth to take a 7 - 3 lead . Adam Lind had an RBI single , Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit a two - run single and Alex Rios drove in a run with a two - out single . Young hit a two - out solo homer in the ninth off Ryan Downs , his first of the season . Jason Frasor ( 3 - 0 ) pitched two perfect innings for the win . Wilson ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing one run and two hits in 1 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Texas starter David Purcey allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out a season - high six . Derek Holland threw 2 1/3 scoreless innings in relief of Matt Harrison , who allowed three hits in 2 1/3 innings of relief . Barajas hit a two - run homer off Matt Harrison in the second , his second of the season . The Blue Jays reclaimed the lead with a three - run fifth . Bautista led off with a single and Barajas hit a two - run homer to left , his second of the season . Young added an RBI double in the sixth .
PITTSBURGH -- Jeff Karstens did n't have his best stuff of the season . The right - hander pitched six strong innings , Freddy Sanchez homered and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Florida Marlins 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Karstens ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings , striking out three and walking two . The right - hander , who had won his first two starts of the season , gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . Matt Capps pitched the ninth for his fourth save . Anibal Sanchez ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . Florida 's Cameron Maybin homered off Tyler Yates leading off the eighth , his third homer of the season . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . Pittsburgh has won four of five . The Marlins have lost four of five . Florida 's John Grabow pitched the eighth and Matt Capps worked the ninth for his fourth save . John Baker singled with one out in the first , stole second and scored on Adam LaRoche 's single to center . The Pirates added a run in the third on Hanley Ramirez 's two - out RBI double . Sanchez hit his first homer of the season leading off the third . Sanchez hit his first homer of the season in the third to make it 3 - 1 . Sanchez hit his first homer of the season in the eighth off Tyler Yates for a 3 - 1 lead . It was his second of the season .
NEW YORK -- Andy Pettitte and the New York Yankees are on a roll . Pettitte pitched seven strong innings , Kurt Suzuki had a career - high four hits and the New York Yankees beat the Oakland Athletics 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Pettitte ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out none and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 2.53 ERA in four starts against the A 's this season . Johnny Damon homered and drove in two runs for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Brett Gardner hit a two - run single in the second inning and Kurt Suzuki had a career - high four hits for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Dana Eveland ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in four - plus innings . He walked four and struck out three . Mariano Rivera worked the ninth for his fourth save in four chances . The A 's scored three runs in the second inning to take a 4 - 0 lead . Mark Teixeira hit a run - scoring fielder 's choice with the bases loaded and Mark Teixeira hit an RBI single to make it 4 - 2 . Mark Ellis added an RBI double in the eighth for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Oakland has lost four straight and seven of eight . The A 's have lost five of six and are 2 - 7 against the Yankees this season . They 've lost six of their last seven .
CHICAGO -- Aramis Ramirez is n't going to have a chance to hit a game - winning home run . Ramirez hit a two - run homer with two outs in the 11th inning , lifting the Chicago Cubs to a 7 - 5 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Ramirez hit a 1 - 2 pitch from Dennys Reyes ( 0 - 1 ) into the left - field bleachers for his first career game - ending homer . It was his first game - ending homer of the season . Angel Guzman ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 11th to earn his first major league win . Cubs starter Ryan Dempster allowed four runs and four hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out four . Ryan Ludwick had two hits and two RBIs for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Cardinals starter Kyle Lohse gave up four runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Cardinals took a 4 - 1 lead in the third on Ryan Theriot 's two - out , two - run single and Skip Schumaker 's run - scoring single . Kosuke Fukudome hit an RBI double in the third and Khalil Greene homered leading off the fourth to make it 4 - 1 . It was Greene 's first homer of the season and the first of his career . The Cubs took a 3 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run single by Ludwick and a two - run single by Aaron Miles . The Cardinals took a 4 - 1 lead in the third on a two - run single by Derrek Lee and a two - run single by Ludwick .
SEATTLE -- The Seattle Mariners have been waiting for Ichiro Suzuki and the rest of the Seattle Mariners . Suzuki hit a grand slam and drove in four runs , Jarrod Washburn pitched six strong innings and the Mariners beat the Los Angeles Angels 11 - 3 on Tuesday night . Torii Hunter had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Ken Griffey Jr. went deep for the Mariners , who have won five of six . The Angels have won five of six and are a half - game behind the first - place New York Yankees in the AL West . Washburn ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and walked none . The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 1.29 ERA in three starts against the Angels this season . The Mariners have lost six of seven . Weaver ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in five - plus innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Vladimir Guerrero led off with a double and scored on Hunter 's single . Hunter followed with a two - run homer to give the Mariners a 2 - 1 lead . It was the second time this season the Mariners have hit back - to - back home runs . Chavez led off the fifth with his first home run of the season , a two - run shot that tied the game at 2 - 2 . It was the first time this season the Mariners have hit back - to - back home runs this season . Suzuki also had a three - run shot off Jason Bulger in the seventh . It was the first grand slam of his career and the first time he had been hit in the same game this season . Griffey 's homer in the fifth was his fourth of the season and second in two days . It was the first home run allowed by Weaver in five starts this season .
NEW YORK -- The New York Mets have been waiting for Oliver Perez to make his first start of the season . Perez pitched six solid innings and the Mets beat the San Diego Padres 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Perez ( 1 - 1 ) allowed one run and three hits in six - plus innings , striking out four and walking two . The right - hander was 0 - 4 in his previous six starts . Perez ( 1 - 1 ) allowed one run and three hits in six - plus innings , striking out four and walking two . The right - hander , who had been 0 - 4 in his previous six starts , had n't allowed more than three earned runs in any of his previous five starts . The Mets scored twice in the fourth to take a 2 - 1 lead . Carlos Beltran hit an RBI single and Scott Hairston followed with a run - scoring single . Kevin Correia ( 0 - 1 ) allowed two runs -- two earned -- and five hits in five innings for the Padres . He struck out five and walked two . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on an RBI single by Daniel Murphy and a run - scoring single by David Wright . The Mets added a run in the seventh on an RBI single by Scott Hairston and a two - run homer by Adrian Gonzalez . J. J. Putz pitched the eighth and Sean Green gave up a leadoff homer to Delgado in the ninth . Gonzalez homered off Sean Green in the ninth , his third of the season . It was the first home run allowed by the Mets this season .
MILWAUKEE -- Bronson Arroyo 's first win in more than a month ended with the Cincinnati Reds . Arroyo pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Jerry Hairston Jr. hit a two - run homer and the Reds beat the Milwaukee Brewers 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Arroyo ( 2 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits in 6 1/3 innings , walking four and striking out three . The right - hander , who signed a $ 36 million , three - year deal with the Reds in the offseason , is the first Reds pitcher to win his first two starts of the season . The right - hander , who signed a $ 36 million , six - year deal with Cincinnati in the offseason , has won his last three starts . J. J. Hardy hit a solo homer for the Brewers , who have lost three of four . Manny Parra ( 0 - 2 ) allowed three runs and three hits in six innings for the Brewers . He walked four and struck out four . Votto 's RBI double in the first gave the Reds a 1 - 0 lead . Hairston hit a two - run homer in the third to give the Reds a 3 - 1 lead . It was Hairston 's fourth homer of the season and second in two games . The Reds added a run in the ninth on Brandon Phillips ' RBI single . Votto 's RBI single in the ninth off Carlos Villanueva made it 6 - 1 . Votto 's RBI single in the ninth off Carlos Villanueva made it 4 - 1 . The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Mike Cameron struck out to end the threat .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Erik Bedard 's first start of the season was delayed by rain for the first time in the majors this season . The Seattle right - hander did n't allow a hit until Mike Sweeney 's one - out double in the seventh inning , leading the Mariners to a 1 - 0 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . Bedard ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three hits and struck out seven in his longest outing of the season . David Aardsma got two outs for his second save . Trevor Cahill ( 0 - 1 ) allowed one run and two hits in seven innings for the A 's , who have lost three of four . The A 's have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their current 10 - game road trip . The A 's have lost four of five and are 2 - 6 on their current 10 - game road trip . The A 's have lost four of five and are 1 - 4 on their current 10 - game road trip . The A 's have lost four of five and are 1 - 4 on their current 10 - game road trip . The A 's have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their current 10 - game road trip . The A 's have lost six of their last seven games and are 1 - 4 on their current 10 - game road trip . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season .
BALTIMORE -- The Tampa Bay Rays are on the verge of a playoff berth . Jeremy Guthrie pitched six innings of five - hit ball , Melvin Mora hit a grand slam and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 6 - 0 on Tuesday night . Guthrie ( 2 - 0 ) allowed five hits , walked none and struck out two . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous five starts . The Orioles have won six of seven , and the Orioles have lost six of seven . Jeff Niemann ( 0 - 1 ) allowed six runs , six hits and four walks in 5 1/3 innings for Tampa Bay . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his last five starts . Mora hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a three - run shot in the bottom half to give the Orioles a 5 - 0 lead . Mora hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a three - run shot in the bottom half to give the Orioles a 5 - 0 lead . It was Mora 's first grand slam this season and the first of his career . Mora hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a three - run shot in the bottom half to give the Orioles a 5 - 0 lead . In the sixth , Adam Jones drove in a run with a fielder 's choice and Mora hit a three - run homer off Jeff Guthrie . Baltimore went up 6 - 0 in the sixth . Aubrey Huff drew a leadoff walk and scored on a single by Nick Markakis .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres have been waiting for the San Francisco Giants to get back to .500 . Brian Giles hit a pair of RBI doubles , and the Padres beat the San Francisco Giants 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . San Diego won for the sixth time in seven games . The Padres have won four of five . San Francisco has won four of five . The Giants have lost six of seven . San Francisco has lost four of five . The Giants have lost six of seven . Zito ( 0 - 1 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in four innings , struck out four and walked two . The Giants scored three runs in the first inning off Barry Zito ( 0 - 1 ) , who was making his first start of the season . Zito ( 0 - 1 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in four - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Giants scored three runs in the first inning off Zito , who gave up a run - scoring single to Brian Giles and a run - scoring single by Bengie Molina . The Giants added a run in the fourth on Randy Winn 's run - scoring single and Kevin Kouzmanoff 's RBI single . Giles added an RBI single in the fourth to make it 4 - 1 . The Giants added a run in the ninth on a throwing error by third baseman Luis Rodriguez and a throwing error by third baseman Luis Rodriguez on a potential inning - ending double play grounder by Emmanuel Burriss , who had two hits and scored two runs . Hairston 's RBI double in the first gave the Padres a 3 - 0 lead . San Francisco scored three runs in the first inning on RBI groundouts by Adrian Gonzalez and Bengie Molina .
CINCINNATI -- Carlos Delgado and the New York Mets are showing signs of getting back in the lineup . Carlos Beltran hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs , Ramon Hernandez had a pair of RBI singles and the Mets beat the Cincinnati Reds 9 - 7 on Tuesday night . Delgado 's homer in the first inning off Edinson Volquez made it 2 - 0 , and the Mets went ahead 5 - 4 in the fifth on a two - run homer by Joey Votto and a two - run double by Brian Schneider . Delgado had a two - run homer in the first inning off Edinson Volquez ( 0 - 1 ) , who was making his first start of the season . The right - hander allowed five runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out four . Pelfrey ( 1 - 0 ) gave up four runs and five hits in five - plus innings . He walked four and struck out two . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth for his second save . Edinson Volquez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out four . The Mets took a 4 - 2 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Votto and a two - run single by David Wright . The Mets tied it in the fifth on a two - run homer by Votto and a two - run single by Ramon Hernandez . The Mets cut it to 9 - 6 in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Chris Dickerson and a run - scoring groundout by Jay Bruce .
PHOENIX -- The Colorado Rockies ' 9 - 2 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night was their first at Chase Field . Yorvit Torrealba hit a solo homer in the seventh inning and Franklin Morales ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run on four hits in six innings for his first major league win . Dexter Fowler homered for the second straight game , and Ian Stewart and Stephen Drew also went deep for the Rockies , who have won four of five . Colorado starter Doug Davis ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- four earned -- and four hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked four . The Diamondbacks scored four runs in the third inning to take a 4 - 1 lead . Ryan Spilborghs hit a two - run double and Stephen Drew tied it with a solo homer , his first of the season . Colorado added three more runs in the third . Torrealba and Stewart hit back - to - back homers to make it 6 - 1 . Torrealba 's solo homer in the seventh made it 6 - 1 . The Diamondbacks added two more runs in the ninth on Stewart 's RBI single and Garrett Atkins ' sacrifice fly . Stewart had a run - scoring single in the eighth and Mark Reynolds added an RBI groundout in the ninth to make it 7 - 1 . Ryan Spilborghs had two hits and drove in two runs for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Davis ( 0 - 1 ) allowed four runs -- four earned -- and four hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked four .
TORONTO -- The Detroit Tigers have been waiting for Aaron Hill to come off the disabled list . Hill hit a three - run homer in the eighth inning and the Toronto Blue Jays rallied to beat the Detroit Tigers 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Brandon Inge hit a solo homer off Ryan Lyon ( 0 - 1 ) with one out in the ninth , giving the Blue Jays a 4 - 3 lead . Rod Barajas followed with a sacrifice fly . Edwin Jackson pitched 7 1/3 innings of two - hit ball for the Blue Jays , who have lost five of six . Ryan Seay and Shawn Camp each got one out in the eighth and B. J. Ryan worked the ninth for his first major league save . Ryan Rios went 0 - for - 4 , ending his career - best hitting streak at 16 games -- longest in the majors this season . Curtis Granderson hit a sacrifice fly in the third , and Marcus Thames followed with a run - scoring double . Marcus Thames hit an RBI double in the seventh , and Rolen hit a solo homer off Ryan Seay in the eighth . It was Rolen 's third homer of the season and second in two days . Jackson allowed two runs , one earned , and two hits in 7 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out four . Purcey allowed three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out five . Toronto 's Carlos Guillen went 0 - for - 2 with two walks and is hitless in his past 16 at - bats . He is 0 - for - 16 in the series .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants have n't been able to find a way to get back to the postseason . Nick Stavinoha hit a go - ahead , two - run double in the fifth inning and the Giants beat Adam Wainwright and the St. Louis Cardinals 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Wainwright ( 5 - 3 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked two . Rich Aurilia hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot in the seventh off Merkin Valdez ( 2 - 0 ) . Brian Wilson pitched the ninth for his 12th save in 14 chances . Wainwright ( 5 - 3 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Ryan Ludwick 's sacrifice fly . Ryan Ludwick 's sacrifice fly in the third tied the game at 1 . The Cardinals tied it in the third on Ryan Pujols ' sacrifice fly and Nick Stavinoha 's two - run double . Ryan Ludwick 's sacrifice fly in the third gave the Cardinals a 3 - 1 lead . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Ryan Pujols ' sacrifice fly . Ryan Ludwick 's sacrifice fly in the third gave the Cardinals a 1 - 0 lead . The Cardinals tied it in the third on Ryan Pujols ' sacrifice fly and Stavinoha 's two - run double . Renteria 's RBI groundout in the fifth gave the Giants a 3 - 1 lead . Ryan Ludwick 's sacrifice fly in the bottom half tied it .
NEW YORK -- Johan Santana has been the New York Mets ' ace . Santana struck out 11 in six innings , Adam Dunn and Daniel Murphy hit two - run homers and the Mets beat the Washington Nationals 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Santana ( 7 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in six innings . He struck out 11 and walked six . Santana hit a two - run homer in the fourth and Murphy added a two - run double in the seventh . Adam Dunn hit a two - run homer and Gary Sheffield had a two - run double for the Nationals . Jordan Zimmermann ( 2 - 2 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Francisco Rodriguez gave up an RBI single to Nick Johnson in the ninth , but the Mets ' bullpen could n't hold it . Francisco Rodriguez gave up a run - scoring single to Nick Johnson in the ninth , and J. J. Putz finished for his second save . Santana hit a two - run homer in the fourth and Murphy added a two - run double in the seventh to make it 7 - 3 . Murphy 's two - run double off Kip Wells in the seventh gave the Mets a 7 - 3 lead . Murphy 's two - run double off Jesus Colome in the seventh made it 7 - 3 . Murphy 's two - run double off Jesus Colome in the seventh made it 7 - 3 . Murphy 's two - run double off Jesus Colome in the seventh made it 7 - 3 . Murphy 's two - run double in the seventh made it 7 - 3 .
ST. LOUIS -- Brian Bannister had his best outing of the season . Bannister pitched six solid innings and the Kansas City Royals beat the St. Louis Cardinals 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Bannister ( 4 - 1 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . Bannister is 4 - 0 with a 1.91 ERA in his last five starts . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 2.25 ERA in his last five starts , including a 2 - 0 loss to St. Louis on June 1 . The Royals have lost three of four . Pineiro , who had been 0 - 4 in his previous six starts , gave up three runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked none . Pineiro ( 5 - 4 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jose Guillen 's RBI double . Yadier Molina 's two - out RBI single made it 2 - 0 in the sixth . The Royals tied it at 2 in the seventh on pinch - hitter Mike Jacobs ' RBI single . Juan Cruz pitched the ninth for his second save in three chances . He walked Pujols on four pitches with one out in the ninth , then struck out Skip Schumaker to end it . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jose Guillen 's RBI double . Jose Guillen 's RBI double in the first gave the Cardinals a 1 - 0 lead .
NEW YORK -- Alex Rodriguez and the New York Yankees have been waiting for a long time to get back to the playoffs . Rodriguez hit a tying homer with one out in the ninth inning , and the New York Yankees rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Lidge ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up three runs in the ninth . Alex Rodriguez hit a tying , two - run homer off Brad Lidge ( 0 - 2 ) , and Melky Cabrera followed with an RBI single to give the Yankees a 5 - 4 victory . Jose Veras ( 3 - 1 ) got one out for the win , and Ryan Madson struck out the side in the eighth . Johnny Damon drew a one - out walk in the ninth off Brad Lidge ( 0 - 2 ) and advanced to second on a wild pitch . Robinson Cano followed with a single to right , scoring Damon and Robinson Werth . Melky Cabrera followed with an RBI single to give the Yankees a 5 - 4 lead . Lidge , who blew a save for the fourth time in five chances , gave up a tying homer to Alex Rodriguez in the ninth . Rodriguez hit a tying , two - run homer in the ninth off Lidge , who blew a save for the third time in five chances this season . Rodriguez hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Brad Lidge ( 0 - 2 ) , who gave up three runs and three hits in one - third of an inning . He struck out the side in the ninth to preserve a 4 - 2 lead . Johnny Damon led off the ninth with a walk against Yankees closer Phil Coke and Robinson Cano singled to put runners at the corners . Melky Cabrera followed with an RBI single to give the Yankees a 5 - 4 lead . Lidge , who blew a save for the third time in five chances , gave up a tying homer to Rodriguez in the ninth . It was the first game - ending hit of the season for the Yankees , who have won five of six . Mayberry hit a three - run homer in the fifth off Pettitte , who allowed four runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . Raul Ibanez hit a solo homer in the second for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Jeter hit a solo homer in the sixth and Mayberry connected with a man on in the sixth .
CINCINNATI -- Bronson Arroyo has been a big part of the Cleveland Indians . Arroyo pitched eight innings of five - hit ball , Alex Gonzalez had three hits and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Cleveland Indians 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Arroyo ( 6 - 3 ) allowed one run and five hits in eight innings , striking out two and walking two . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth for his 11th save in 13 chances . Aaron Laffey ( 3 - 1 ) took the loss . Grady Sizemore hit a solo homer in the first inning for the Indians , who have lost three of their last four . The Indians have lost four of five . Cleveland 's Anthony Reyes had a career - high six walks in his first start of the season , giving up one run and one hit in three innings . The right - hander walked six and struck out one . Grady Sizemore hit a solo homer in the first inning for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Cleveland 's Victor Martinez went 0 - for - 4 , ending his career - best hitting streak at 20 games -- the longest in the majors this season . The Indians have lost six of seven . Cleveland 's Anthony Reyes had a career - high six walks in his first start of the season , giving up one run and one hit in six innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Indians have lost five of their last six games . They 've lost six of their last seven .
HOUSTON -- Nelson Cruz hit a tiebreaking homer in the 10th inning , and the Texas Rangers beat the Houston Astros 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Nelson Cruz hit a solo homer in the 10th to give the Rangers a 5 - 2 lead . The Rangers had lost five of six and were swept in a three - game series at Minute Maid Park for the first time this season . Andrus had four hits , including a solo homer in the fourth , and a solo shot in the ninth . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit a two - run homer in the sixth to make it 5 - 0 . Andrus had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the fourth and a solo shot in the fourth . He also doubled and scored in the seventh . Darren O'Day ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings for the win . Frank Francisco pitched the 10th for his 10th save . LaTroy Hawkins ( 1 - 3 ) took the loss . Lance Berkman hit a three - run homer and Michael Young had three hits and an RBI for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Houston starter Felipe Paulino allowed seven hits and four runs in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . Texas starter Derek Holland allowed three runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI single by Michael Young . Texas added a run in the third on Andruw Jones ' RBI single .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Billy Buckner 's first major league win was his first major league victory . The Arizona Diamondbacks right - hander did n't need much help . Chris Young hit a go - ahead home run in the fifth inning , Matt Holliday also went deep and the Diamondbacks beat the Oakland Athletics 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Buckner ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and five hits in 7 1/3 innings , striking out three and walking two . The right - hander , who has won his first two starts of the season , has not allowed more than three earned runs in any start this season . Jon Rauch pitched the ninth for his second save . Trevor Cahill ( 2 - 4 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . The A 's lost for the seventh time in nine games and fell to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game homestand . The A 's have lost six of their last seven games and are 1 - 4 on their current 10 - game road trip . The A 's have lost five of six and are 1 - 4 on their nine - game road trip . The A 's have lost six of their last seven games and are 1 - 4 on their current 10 - game road trip . The A 's have lost six of their last seven games and are 1 - 4 on their current 10 - game road trip . The A 's have lost six of their last seven games and are 1 - 4 on their current 10 - game road trip .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres are on the verge of a playoff spot . Chris Young pitched six strong innings , Nick Hundley and Scott Hairston each had three hits and the San Diego Padres beat the San Francisco Giants 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Young ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings , struck out six and walked three . The right - hander had been 0 - 3 in his previous five starts . Heath Bell pitched a perfect ninth for his 10th save in 11 chances . San Diego 's Barry Zito ( 1 - 4 ) allowed two runs and five hits in eight innings , struck out three and walked four . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Emmanuel Burriss ' RBI groundout . Nick Hundley hit a solo homer in the second for San Diego , which has lost four of five . The Giants have lost six of seven . San Francisco has lost six of seven . The Giants have lost six of seven . San Francisco has lost six of seven . The Giants have lost six of seven . San Francisco has lost six of seven . The Giants have lost six of seven . San Francisco has lost six of seven . The Giants have lost six of seven . San Francisco has lost six of seven . The Giants have lost four of five . San Diego has lost six of seven . The Giants have lost six of seven . San Francisco has lost six of seven . The Giants have lost four of five . San Diego has lost six of seven . The Giants have lost six of seven .
MIAMI -- Hanley Ramirez and Mark Reynolds had three hits apiece , and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the Florida Marlins 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Hanley Ramirez and Mark Reynolds also homered for the Diamondbacks . Garland ( 4 - 2 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out three . Chad Qualls worked the ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . Josh Johnson ( 3 - 1 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in 6 1/3 innings for Florida . He struck out six and walked two . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the sixth on a sacrifice fly by Justin Upton and a run - scoring single by Dan Uggla . Gerardo Parra had two hits and drove in a run for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Florida took a 2 - 0 lead in the sixth . Jorge Cantu led off with a double and scored on a single by Felipe Lopez . Dan Uggla followed with an RBI single , and Justin Upton hit a sacrifice fly to make it 5 - 2 . Reynolds homered off Renyel Pinto in the seventh to make it 5 - 2 . Ramirez homered in the sixth to make it 1 - 0 . It was Ramirez 's fourth of the season and second in the last three games . The Marlins took a 2 - 0 lead in the sixth . Chris Snyder led off with a single , stole second and scored on Dan Uggla 's single to center . Dan Calero , Tony Oviedo , Tony Gutierrez and Garland followed with consecutive singles to load the bases . Gload followed with an RBI single to make it 5 - 3 .
ST. LOUIS -- Joel Pineiro pitched a three - hitter for his first career shutout and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Chicago Cubs 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Pineiro ( 5 - 3 ) struck out five and walked none in his second complete game of the season . The right - hander is 5 - 0 in his last six starts against the Cubs , who have won four of five . The Cardinals have won five of their last six games against the Cubs . Colby Rasmus hit a two - run homer off Ted Lilly ( 5 - 3 ) , who gave up three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five , walked three and hit a batter . The Cubs have lost five of six and have been shut out three times this season . The Cardinals have lost three of their last four games and have lost three of their last four . The Cubs have lost four of five . The Cubs have lost three of four . Cubs manager Lou Piniella said he was n't surprised to see Pineiro ( 5 - 3 ) , who threw a complete game in his first career complete game . The right - hander struck out five and did not walk a batter for the second time this season . He struck out five and did not walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . The Cubs have lost five of six and have been shut out three times this season . Cubs starter Ted Lilly ( 5 - 3 ) gave up three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked three .
ATLANTA -- The Atlanta Braves have been waiting for Stephen Drew to come off the disabled list . Stephen Drew hit a tying solo homer in the ninth inning and Yunel Escobar drove in the game - winning run with a sacrifice fly in the ninth to lift the Braves to a 4 - 3 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night . The Braves won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 6 - 1 against the Diamondbacks this season . Atlanta has won six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . Arizona has lost six of seven . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . Arizona has lost six of seven . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . Arizona has lost six of seven . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . Arizona has lost six of seven . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . Arizona has lost six of seven . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . Arizona has lost six of seven . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . Arizona has lost six of seven . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . Arizona has lost six of seven . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . Arizona has lost six of seven . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . Arizona has lost six of seven . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . Arizona 's Javier Vazquez allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out 10 and walked two . Arizona starter Doug Davis gave up three runs , two earned , and four hits in six innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring groundout by Justin Upton and a run - scoring triple by Gerardo Parra . Jones ' homer in the third made it 3 - 2 . The Diamondbacks tied it at 2 in the second when Jordan Schafer drove in a run with a fielder 's choice .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Hank Blalock has been in the starting lineup for the Texas Rangers . Hank Blalock and Chris Davis hit back - to - back home runs in the ninth inning to give the Rangers a 3 - 2 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . Harrison ( 4 - 2 ) allowed two runs and five hits in his second complete game of the season . The right - hander struck out seven and walked none in his second complete game of the season . Chris Davis hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Morrow ( 0 - 3 ) , who gave up three runs in the ninth . Hank Blalock hit a tying solo homer in the ninth for the Mariners , who have lost five of six . Harrison ( 4 - 2 ) allowed two runs and five hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out seven and walked none . The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his six starts this season . The Rangers have won five of their last six games . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . Seattle has lost four of five . The Mariners have lost seven of their last 10 games . Seattle has lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost four of five . Seattle starter Felix Hernandez threw seven shutout innings , allowing four hits and two walks while striking out six . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Mariners had a chance to score in the second when Jose Lopez led off with a single and went to third on a groundout . But Hernandez struck out Nelson Cruz and Blalock to end the threat . The Mariners had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Harrison got Elvis Andrus to ground into an inning - ending double play .
MILWAUKEE -- Trevor Hoffman did his best to keep the Milwaukee Brewers in the game . Hoffman pitched a perfect ninth inning for his eighth save in nine chances , and the Brewers beat the Florida Marlins 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Hoffman , who has n't allowed an earned run in his last 19 appearances , has n't allowed a run in his last 19 appearances . The Brewers have won three of four . Bill Hall and Prince Fielder hit back - to - back home runs off Bush ( 2 - 0 ) in the fifth inning to give the Marlins a 3 - 2 lead . Bill Hall hit a two - run homer in the second inning and J. J. Hardy added a run - scoring single in the sixth to give the Brewers a 5 - 3 lead . Bush ( 2 - 0 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Brewers ' Josh Johnson gave up three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in four innings . He walked five and struck out three . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Dan Uggla led off with a single and scored on Jorge Cantu 's double - play grounder . Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the inning on Ryan Braun 's RBI groundout and Hall 's two - run homer in the second . Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Hall . Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the second when Dan Uggla doubled and scored on Johnson 's wild pitch .
TORONTO -- Andy Pettitte and the New York Yankees are on a roll . Pettitte pitched six innings to win for the first time in more than a month , Brett Gardner hit a two - run homer and the Yankees beat the Toronto Blue Jays 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Pettitte ( 3 - 1 ) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings to win for the first time in four starts . He walked four and struck out two . The right - hander , who had won his first three starts of the season , walked four and struck out two . Brett Murphy hit a two - run homer and Robinson Cano had two hits and drove in a run for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Mark Teixeira had two hits and drove in two runs for the Blue Jays , who have lost three of four . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Pettitte allowed two runs and five hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out two . Bill Wolfe came on in relief and allowed a run - scoring single to Rod Barajas . Gardner hit a two - run homer off Scott Richmond ( 4 - 2 ) in the second , and Mark Teixeira added an RBI double in the fifth . Gardner hit a two - run homer off Bill Murphy in the eighth , and Francisco Cervelli singled in a run off Jason Frasor in the eighth . Toronto 's Johnny Damon hit an RBI triple in the second and scored on a sacrifice fly by Rod Barajas . Teixeira 's sacrifice fly made it 6 - 2 in the fourth .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants have been waiting for Nick Johnson to come off the disabled list . Nick Johnson hit a grand slam and drove in five runs , Edgar Renteria hit a two - run single and the Giants rallied to beat the Washington Nationals 9 - 7 on Tuesday night . Johnson hit a three - run homer in the seventh inning off Joe Beimel ( 0 - 2 ) , and Pablo Sandoval hit a three - run shot in the ninth to give the Giants a 6 - 5 lead . Johnson 's two - out , two - run single off Bob Howry in the eighth made it 5 - all . Brandon Medders ( 2 - 1 ) got the last two outs of the ninth for the win . Giants starter Matt Cain gave up four runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Nationals took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run double by Randy Winn and a run - scoring single by Travis Ishikawa . The Nationals added a run in the fourth on Willie Harris ' sacrifice fly . Molina 's two - out , two - run single in the fourth gave the Giants a 5 - 1 lead . Molina added a two - out , two - run single in the fourth to give the Giants a 5 - 1 lead . Molina added a two - out , two - run single in the seventh to make it 5 - 4 . Molina 's two - out , two - run single off Bob Howry made it 5 - all . Johnson 's two - out , two - run single off Kip Wells made it 5 - 4 . The Giants added a run in the eighth on pinch - hitter Ronnie Belliard 's RBI single .
ARLINGTON , Texas ( AP ) -- The Texas Rangers have been waiting for the Texas Rangers to get back to the playoffs . Josh Hamilton hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Rangers beat the Seattle Mariners 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Derek Holland ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for his first major league win . Josh Hamilton hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the seventh inning , and Chris Davis added a solo shot in the seventh for the Rangers , who have won four of five . The Rangers ( 1 - 5 ) , who had won four of five , took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Michael Young led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Kenji Johjima . Texas starter Scott Feldman allowed one run and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Jason Vargas gave up one run and five hits in five innings for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Jason Vargas gave up one run and five hits in five innings for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Vargas allowed one run and five hits in five innings . He struck out three , walked two and hit a batter . The Mariners added a run in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Nelson Cruz , who had a sacrifice fly in the inning . Elvis Andrus had an RBI single in the seventh for the Rangers , who have won seven of their last 10 games . The Mariners have lost four of five .
CHICAGO -- The Texas Rangers have been in first place in the AL West . Hank Blalock hit a pair of solo homers , Vicente Padilla pitched one - hit ball over seven innings and the Texas Rangers beat the Chicago White Sox 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Padilla ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one run and one hit in seven innings . He walked four and struck out one . Chris Davis homered and drove in two runs for the Rangers , who have won four of five . The White Sox have lost six of seven . Colon ( 2 - 3 ) allowed five runs , five earned , and five hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Omar Vizquel 's RBI double and Hank Getz 's two - out , two - run homer . Blalock 's solo shot in the seventh made it 6 - 1 , and Davis added a run - scoring double off D. J. Carrasco in the eighth . David Murphy had two hits and drove in a run for the White Sox , who have lost five of six . The White Sox have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of their last seven games . The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . The White Sox have lost six of their last seven games . The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . The White Sox have lost six of seven .
CHICAGO -- White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen was n't surprised to see Scott Linebrink ( 1 - 1 ) picked up the win . Paul Konerko hit a go - ahead sacrifice fly in the eighth inning and the White Sox beat the Texas Rangers 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Scott Linebrink ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Bobby Jenks pitched a perfect ninth for his seventh save in nine chances . Carlos Quentin hit a two - out double off Kevin Millwood ( 3 - 3 ) in the sixth and scored on Jermaine Dye 's double to right - center . Millwood ( 3 - 3 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out two and walked three . The Rangers tied it in the fifth when Chris Getz led off with a single , stole second and scored on Elvis Andrus ' two - out single . The White Sox tied it in the fifth when Quentin doubled and scored on Ian Kinsler 's two - out single . Chicago tied it in the sixth on Jermaine Dye 's RBI double . Chicago tied it in the seventh on a two - out double by Jarrod Saltalamacchia . Chicago tied it at 1 in the fifth when Quentin doubled and scored on Elvis Andrus ' single . The Rangers tied it in the sixth on a two - out double by Jim Thome and a run - scoring double by Nelson Cruz . Chicago tied it in the seventh on Jermaine Dye 's RBI double . Chicago tied it at 1 in the fifth when Quentin doubled and scored on Elvis Andrus ' two - out single . Chicago tied it at 1 in the fifth when Quentin doubled and scored on Elvis Andrus ' single .
PHILADELPHIA -- Javier Vazquez and the rest of the Atlanta Braves ' Joe Blanton could n't find the strike zone . Vazquez pitched into the eighth inning , Yunel Escobar hit a two - run homer and the Braves beat Joe Blanton and the Philadelphia Phillies 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Vazquez ( 3 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits , striking out seven and walking none . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.91 ERA in his last four starts . Blanton ( 1 - 3 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in eight innings , striking out five and walking one . Yunel Escobar hit a two - run homer off Vazquez in the fifth to put the Braves ahead 4 - 1 . Yunel Escobar hit a two - run shot in the fifth to give the Braves a 4 - 1 lead . Utley tied it at 1 in the fourth with a drive into the seats in right . It was the first homer allowed by Blanton this season . Utley tied it at 1 in the fourth with a solo shot to right . It was his third homer of the season and second in two games . McCann had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth . He had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth . Ibanez hit a solo shot in the eighth off Eric O'Flaherty . Ibanez hit a solo shot in the eighth off Eric O'Flaherty . It was his second homer of the season and second in two days . McCann had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers ' offense has been a problem for the San Francisco Giants . Eric Stults pitched a four - hitter for his first career shutout , Juan Castro had three hits and drove in two runs and the Dodgers beat the San Francisco Giants 8 - 0 on Tuesday night . Stults ( 4 - 1 ) struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . He threw 80 of his 123 pitches for strikes in his first complete game of the season . The right - hander struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Dodgers have lost four of five , including a 1 - 0 loss at San Francisco on Sunday . The Giants have lost five of six and are 2 - 4 on their nine - game homestand . The Giants have lost six of seven , including a 2 - 1 loss at San Francisco on Monday night . The Giants have lost four of five . The Giants have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Giants have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Giants have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Giants have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Giants have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Giants have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Giants have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Giants have lost seven of their last 10 games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven .
BOSTON -- Jason Bay and the Boston Red Sox have been waiting for the Cleveland Indians . Bay hit a grand slam and drove in four runs , Tim Wakefield pitched six solid innings and the Red Sox beat the Cleveland Indians 13 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Red Sox scored seven runs in the sixth inning off Cleveland starter Jeremy Sowers ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up seven runs on seven hits and three walks in five - plus innings . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Bay and a two - run single by Dustin Pedroia . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Asdrubal Cabrera , but the Red Sox responded with three runs in the bottom half . Julio Lugo led off with a double and scored on a single by Rocco Baldelli . Bay followed with his first homer of the season , a drive into the left - field seats . Bay 's homer made it 13 - 2 in the sixth . It was the 13 - 2 win for the Red Sox , who have won five of six . The Indians have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Indians have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Indians have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . Sowers ( 0 - 1 ) gave up seven runs and seven hits in five - plus innings . He walked three and struck out one .
HOUSTON -- Miguel Tejada and the Washington Nationals have been waiting for a long time . Tejada had three hits , including a two - run double in the fifth inning , and the Nationals beat the Houston Astros 11 - 10 on Tuesday night . The Nationals scored two runs in the sixth to take a 6 - 2 lead . Tejada 's two - run double in the fifth gave the Nationals a 5 - 2 lead . Washington tied it in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Geoff Blum and a run - scoring single by Carlos Lee . The Nationals scored three runs in the sixth to take a 10 - 5 lead . Cristian Guzman hit a two - out , two - run homer in the eighth to make it 10 - 9 . Josh Willingham drew a bases - loaded walk off LaTroy Hawkins ( 0 - 1 ) in the 11th , and Jesus Flores drew a bases - loaded walk off Chris Sampson to force in the winning run . Joel Hanrahan ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 11th to earn the win . Washington 's Elijah Dukes hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Astros a 2 - 1 lead . Washington tied it in the bottom of the inning on Bourn 's two - run double and Nick Johnson 's run - scoring single . Washington tied it in the bottom of the inning on Tejada 's two - run double and an RBI single by Ryan Zimmerman . Houston starter Roy Oswalt allowed four runs and four hits in five - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . Houston starter Scott Olsen gave up five runs and six hits in five innings .
DETROIT -- The Detroit Tigers have been waiting for Miguel Cabrera and the rest of the Detroit Tigers . Miguel Cabrera hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs , Rick Porcello pitched seven scoreless innings and the Tigers beat the Minnesota Twins 9 - 0 on Tuesday night . Cabrera had three hits , including a two - run homer in the second inning , and drove in four runs for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Cabrera hit a two - run homer off Nick Blackburn ( 2 - 2 ) in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . Porcello ( 2 - 3 ) allowed four hits and three walks while striking out three . The right - hander struck out three and walked three in his first start against the Twins since he was acquired in a trade with the New York Yankees on July 31 . The right - hander , who signed a $ < unk > million , three - year deal with the Tigers in the offseason , allowed four hits , walked three and struck out three . Curtis Granderson hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Blackburn ( 2 - 2 ) gave up nine runs -- six earned -- and eight hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out one . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the second and a two - run shot in the fourth . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . It was Cabrera 's fourth homer of the season and second in two days . The Tigers added a run in the second on an RBI double by Josh Anderson and a run - scoring double by Ramon Santiago . Minnesota added three more in the second . Thomas hit a two - run triple and Cabrera followed with a two - run homer to make it 8 - 0 . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 .
SEATTLE -- The Texas Rangers are doing their best to get back to the playoffs . Kevin Millwood pitched into the eighth inning , Michael Young and Chris Davis hit two - run homers and the Rangers beat the Seattle Mariners 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Millwood ( 3 - 2 ) allowed five runs and eight hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Millwood has allowed two earned runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . Frank Francisco got the final four outs for his eighth save in nine chances . Franklin Gutierrez had three hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in three runs for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Russell Branyan homered for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Hernandez ( 4 - 1 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out nine and did not walk a batter for the second time in his last four starts . Young 's two - run homer in the sixth gave the Rangers a 4 - 0 lead . Young hit a two - run homer in the sixth to give the Rangers a 4 - 0 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Hernandez in his last five starts , and the first time he 's allowed more than three earned runs in a game . Young hit a two - run homer in the sixth to give the Rangers a 4 - 0 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Hernandez in his last five starts , and his first since July 26 , 2011 , against the Los Angeles Angels . Gutierrez 's three - run homer in the fifth gave the Rangers a 4 - 0 lead . It was Gutierrez 's fourth home run of the season and second in two days . He also doubled and scored in the seventh .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Jose Guillen and the Kansas City Royals finally got a win . Jose Guillen hit a grand slam and drove in four runs , Alberto Callaspo had a two - run single and the Royals beat the Minnesota Twins 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Jose Guillen hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs , and Justin Morneau had three hits for the Royals , who have won four of five . Gil Meche ( 2 - 2 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings for the Royals , who have won four of five . Joakim Soria pitched the ninth for his sixth save . Scott Baker ( 0 - 4 ) gave up five runs on five hits and struck out four in six innings for the Twins , who have lost five of six . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . They 've scored just four runs in their last three games . The Royals scored in the first inning on Justin Morneau 's two - out single and a run - scoring double by Michael Cuddyer . The Twins added a run in the fourth on a double by Jason Kubel and a run - scoring single by Delmon Young . The Twins added a run in the sixth on Cuddyer 's RBI single and a two - run homer by Jose Guillen , who had been mired in a 1 - for - 21 slump . Guillen added an RBI double in the eighth .
SEATTLE -- The Oakland Athletics had a chance to win it in the bottom of the 15th inning , and the Oakland Athletics had to settle for a game - ending double play . Oakland 's Gio Gonzalez gave up two runs in the bottom of the inning , and the Mariners rallied to beat the Oakland Athletics 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . The Mariners scored two runs in the 13th to take a 7 - 4 lead . Landon Powell hit a two - out , two - run double off Dana Eveland ( 1 - 2 ) , and Franklin Gutierrez walked to force in a run . Ichiro Suzuki had an RBI single off Russ Springer in the bottom half , but the Mariners could n't hold the lead . Jason Vargas ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 2 1/3 scoreless innings for his first major league win , and Gio Gonzalez gave up three runs on five hits in five innings for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Seattle starter Josh Outman allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Seattle starter Chris Jakubauskas allowed four runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked none and struck out one . Seattle starter Josh Outman allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Seattle 's Jack Cust hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Chris Jakubauskas , who allowed four runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings . Sweeney 's sacrifice fly in the fifth tied the game at 4 , but the Mariners tied it in the seventh on Orlando Cabrera 's RBI single .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Jason Marquis was n't surprised to see Ryan Spilborghs ' home run trot . Spilborghs homered twice and drove in three runs , Jason Marquis pitched a five - hitter and the Colorado Rockies beat the San Francisco Giants 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Marquis ( 4 - 1 ) allowed one run and five hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out four and walked one in his second complete game of the season . He had been 0 - 3 in his previous five starts . Spilborghs hit a two - run homer in the fifth and a two - run shot in the fifth to make it 4 - 0 . It was the first multihomer game of his career and his first since July 28 , 2010 , against the Dodgers . Spilborghs hit a two - run homer in the fifth and added a two - run shot in the fifth to make it 4 - 0 . Brad Hawpe homered for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Matt Cain ( 2 - 1 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings for San Francisco . He walked four and struck out three . The Rockies have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their current 10 - game road trip . The Giants have lost five of six and are 1 - 4 on their nine - game road trip . The Giants have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their current 10 - game road trip . The Giants have lost five of six and are 2 - 7 since the All-Star break . The Giants have lost six of seven .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting for Justin Morneau and the rest of the Minnesota Twins . Morneau hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , and the Twins beat the Kansas City Royals 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Joe Mauer hit a solo homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the fifth to help the Twins take a 5 - 2 lead . Justin Morneau hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Royals a 5 - 2 lead , but the Twins could n't hold the lead . Kevin Slowey ( 4 - 0 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings for the Twins , who have won four of five . Ponson ( 0 - 4 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked one and struck out one . Jose Guillen had three hits and drove in two runs for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Royals starter R. A. Dickey was knocked out in the fifth inning with a 5 - 2 lead , but the Royals tied it in the fifth on a two - run single by Brendan Harris and a two - run single by Nick Punto . The Royals took a 5 - 2 lead in the fourth on a two - run single by Jose Guillen and a two - run single by David DeJesus . Morneau hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Twins a 7 - 5 lead . It was the first homer of the season for Morneau , who hit a two - run shot in the 10th inning of the Royals ' 3 - 2 win over Kansas City on Tuesday night . Morneau hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Twins a 7 - 5 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Ponson this season , the most in the majors this season .
NEW YORK -- The New York Yankees are on the verge of a playoff berth . Melky Cabrera drove in three runs , Derek Jeter hit a two - run single in the eighth inning and the New York Yankees beat the Seattle Mariners 8 - 5 on Tuesday night . Alex Rodriguez hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Ichiro Suzuki had two hits and scored a run for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Sean White ( 2 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up three runs and four hits in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth . Brian Bruney ( 3 - 0 ) pitched the eighth for the win . Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . The Yankees have won six of seven and have won seven of their last 10 games against the Mariners . Rodriguez hit a two - run homer off Chris Jakubauskas in the seventh to give the Yankees a 5 - 3 lead . It was the first time this season the Yankees have hit back - to - back home runs . Rodriguez hit a two - run shot off Chris Jakubauskas in the seventh to give the Yankees a 5 - 3 lead . It was the first time this season the Yankees hit back - to - back homers . The Yankees scored three times in the eighth off Sean White ( 2 - 1 ) , who gave up three runs and four hits in one inning . Melky Cabrera drove in three runs and Franklin Gutierrez had three hits , including an RBI single in the fifth that put the Yankees ahead 3 - 1 . Seattle starter Joba Chamberlain allowed three runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four .
CLEVELAND -- Micah Owings is n't going to make the most of the opportunity for the Cincinnati Reds . Ramon Hernandez had three hits and three RBIs , Brandon Phillips had three hits and three RBIs and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Cleveland Indians 8 - 1 on Tuesday night . Owings ( 5 - 8 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked four . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last six starts . Jonny Gomes hit a two - run homer and Willy Taveras had three hits for the Reds . David Huff ( 3 - 3 ) gave up nine hits and seven runs in five innings for the Indians , who have lost three of four . The Indians have lost five of six . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians , who have the worst record in the majors , have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Progressive Field since July 24 - 26 , 2011 . The Indians have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Progressive Field since July 26 - 29 , 2011 . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Progressive Field since July 26 - 29 , 2011 . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven .
LOS ANGELES -- The Seattle Mariners had a chance to get to the Los Angeles Dodgers in the ninth inning , but they did n't get a runner to third base until the eighth inning . Garrett Olson pitched five innings of four - hit ball , Jose Lopez had three hits and the Mariners beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Seattle won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 5 - 1 against the Dodgers this season . The Mariners have won five of their last six games against the Dodgers . Olson ( 3 - 2 ) gave up two runs and four hits in five innings , struck out three and walked one . David Aardsma pitched the ninth for his 16th save in 18 chances . Hiroki Kuroda ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 1 - 3 innings , struck out five and walked none . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 5.40 ERA in his last five starts . Adrian Beltre had an RBI single and Andre Ethier a sacrifice fly in the fifth for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Kemp led off the fifth with a homer to left - center off Hiroki Kuroda , who allowed four runs and eight hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . The right - hander struck out five and walked none . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run double by Lopez and a two - run double by Jose Lopez . The Dodgers took a 4 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run double by Lopez and a run - scoring single by Franklin Gutierrez .
CHICAGO -- Alexei Ramirez and Jermaine Dye had three hits apiece , and the Chicago White Sox beat the Chicago Cubs 6 - 0 on Tuesday night . Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the third inning and Jermaine Dye added a solo shot in the eighth . Danks ( 6 - 6 ) allowed four hits , walked four and struck out five to win for the third time in four starts . The right - hander is 6 - 0 in his last eight starts against the Cubs . Chicago 's Carlos Zambrano ( 4 - 3 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Ramirez hit a two - run homer off Kevin Hart in the third to give Chicago a 2 - 0 lead . Ramirez added a solo shot in the eighth off Kevin Hart . Chicago added a run in the sixth on an RBI single by A. J. Pierzynski and an RBI single by Dewayne Wise . Ramirez added a solo homer in the eighth off Kevin Hart . Chicago 's Scott Linebrink struck out four in two scoreless innings , and Scott Linebrink struck out four in two perfect innings . Chicago 's John Danks ( 6 - 6 ) allowed four hits in seven innings , striking out five and walking four . The right - hander is 6 - 0 in his last eight starts against the Cubs , including a 6 - 1 loss to the Chicago White Sox on July 26 . The Cubs were shut out for the sixth time this season . Chicago has lost four of five . The Cubs have lost four of five . Chicago 's Paul Konerko extended his hitting streak to a career - high 14 games with a single in the first . He was replaced by pinch - runner Brian Anderson .
LOS ANGELES -- Felix Hernandez has been a big part of the Seattle Mariners ' five - game winning streak . Hernandez pitched eight innings of four - hit ball , Ken Griffey Jr. hit a two - run homer and the Mariners beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Hernandez ( 8 - 3 ) allowed an unearned run and four hits in eight innings , struck out nine and walked one . The right - hander struck out nine and walked one in his second start since coming off the disabled list . Russell Branyan hit a solo homer off Brent Leach in the ninth . Hernandez ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings , struck out seven and walked none . The right - hander struck out seven and walked none . Ichiro Suzuki had three hits for the Mariners , who have won four of five . Ichiro Suzuki had three hits and Franklin Gutierrez had three hits for the Dodgers , who have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Dodgers have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost five of their last six games . The Dodgers have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost five of their last six games . The Dodgers have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost five of their last six games . They 've lost five of their last six games . They 've lost six of their last seven .
ST. LOUIS -- The Minnesota Twins have been in first place in the NL Central . Rick Ankiel had two hits , including a run - scoring double , and Glen Perkins pitched seven strong innings to lead the Minnesota Twins to a 3 - 1 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . The Twins have won four of five . Minnesota has won four of five . The Twins have lost four of five . Perkins ( 3 - 4 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Wainwright ( 8 - 5 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked four . The Twins have lost four of five and are 2 - 5 against the Twins this season . The Twins have lost four of five and are 2 - 4 on their nine - game homestand . The Cardinals have lost four of five and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . They have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five and are 2 - 4 on their nine - game homestand . The Cardinals have lost four of five and are 2 - 4 on their nine - game homestand . The Cardinals have lost four of five and are 2 - 4 on their nine - game homestand . The Cardinals have lost four of five and are 2 - 4 on their nine - game homestand . They have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . They have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five .
PHOENIX -- The Los Angeles Angels had a big second inning . Torii Hunter hit a two - run homer , Jered Weaver pitched six effective innings and the Angels beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 12 - 3 on Tuesday night . Stephen Drew hit a two - run homer and Maicer Izturis had a two - run triple for Los Angeles . Weaver ( 8 - 3 ) allowed three runs and four hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out five . Weaver had been 0 - 3 with a 3.54 ERA in his previous five starts . The right - hander allowed three runs and four hits in six innings , striking out five and walking four . The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 2.77 ERA in three starts against the Diamondbacks this season . Angels starter Billy Buckner ( 2 - 5 ) gave up eight runs and seven hits in 1 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked one and struck out none . Hunter hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Tony Clark added a solo shot in the fourth to make it 9 - 3 . Hunter hit a two - run homer in the third to make it 8 - 3 , and the Angels tacked on three more in the eighth against reliever Juan Gutierrez . Juan Rivera had an RBI single and Kendrys Morales had a two - run double . The 12 runs were the most allowed by Arizona in a game this season , the most in the majors . It was the second time this season the Angels have hit back - to - back home runs . Hunter hit a two - run homer off Weaver in the second inning , giving the Angels a 2 - 0 lead .
ATLANTA -- Alex Rodriguez 's first homer of the season helped the New York Yankees end a five - game losing streak . Alex Rodriguez hit a solo homer and drove in four runs , Derek Jeter had four hits and the New York Yankees beat the Atlanta Braves 11 - 7 on Tuesday night . Alex Rodriguez hit a solo homer and drove in four runs for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Alfredo Aceves ( 5 - 1 ) pitched 2 1/3 scoreless innings to earn the win . Mariano Rivera got the final out for his 17th save in 18 chances . The Yankees , who have lost five of six , fell to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game road trip . Derek Lowe ( 7 - 6 ) gave up 11 hits and eight runs , six earned , in three innings . He walked three and hit a batter with a pitch in his shortest outing of the season . Atlanta 's Andy Pettitte gave up six runs -- three earned -- and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander struck out four , walked three and hit a batter . Damon had three hits , including a three - run triple in the third that gave the Yankees a 6 - 1 lead . Damon had three hits , including a three - run triple in the third that gave the Yankees a 6 - 1 lead . The Yankees scored four runs in the fourth to take a 6 - 1 lead . Rodriguez 's RBI single made it 3 - 1 . The Yankees scored three runs in the bottom half to take a 6 - 1 lead . Jeter led off with a double , moved to third on a groundout and scored on Damon 's triple to right - center . Rodriguez 's RBI single made it 3 - 1 , and Escobar 's two - run single made it 8 - 1 . Escobar 's two - run single made it 8 - 1 in the fourth .
HOUSTON -- The Kansas City Royals had a chance to take the lead in the top of the 10th inning . Ivan Rodriguez led off the inning with a single and scored on pinch - hitter Matt Kata 'pinch - hit single to lift the Royals to a 4 - 3 victory over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . The Royals won for just the second time in eight games . Houston starter Roy Oswalt gave up one run and seven hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The Royals have won five of their last six games . Houston starter Luke Hochevar gave up two runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . John Bale pitched a perfect 11th for his first save . Miguel Olivo led off the 11th with a homer off Jeff Fulchino ( 2 - 3 ) . Brayan Pena hit a solo homer in the 11th for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Joakim Soria ( 2 - 0 ) earned the win with a scoreless 10th inning . Jamey Wright pitched the eighth and John Bale finished for his first career save . The Royals tied it in the top of the ninth on David DeJesus ' RBI single off Jose Valverde , who blew a save for the third time in five chances . Houston starter Luke Hochevar gave up two runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Astros took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth when Mark Teahen led off with a double and scored on a single by Tug Hulett . Houston tied it in the bottom half on Erstad 's pinch - hit , two - run pinch - hit homer to right field off Tim Byrdak . Houston tied it in the ninth on a two - out , two - run homer by Pena .
DETROIT -- Ryan Raburn 's two - run pinch - hit homer in the bottom of the ninth inning lifted the Detroit Tigers to a 5 - 4 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . It was the first game - ending homer of Raburn 's career . Raburn 's pinch - hit homer off Kevin Gregg ( 2 - 2 ) gave the Tigers a 5 - 4 lead in the bottom of the ninth . Don Kelly drew a one - out walk from Kevin Gregg ( 2 - 2 ) , and Don Kelly was hit by a pitch to load the bases . Ryan Raburn hit a two - run homer off Joel Zumaya to give the Cubs a 4 - 3 lead . Brandon Lyon ( 3 - 3 ) got the last out of the ninth for the win . Detroit starter Edwin Jackson gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Detroit starter Carlos Zambrano gave up three runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Derrek Lee 's RBI fielder 's choice and Placido Polanco 's RBI triple . The Cubs tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Geovany Soto . Detroit tied it in the bottom of the inning when Hoffpauir hit a two - run homer off Joel Zumaya to make it 3 - 2 . The Cubs tied it in the sixth on a sacrifice fly by Geovany Soto , but the Cubs tied it in the bottom half on Inge 's two - run homer . The Tigers tied it in the bottom half on Hoffpauir 's homer .
CHICAGO -- Hiroki Kuroda gave the Los Angeles Dodgers a much - needed win . Kuroda took a four - hitter into the ninth inning , James Loney hit a two - run homer and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Chicago White Sox 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Kuroda ( 2 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 8 2/3 innings . He struck out nine and did not walk a batter for the second time this season . Jonathan Broxton got the final out for his 18th save in 21 chances . John Danks ( 5 - 6 ) gave up three runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . Paul Konerko hit a solo homer in the second inning for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox had a chance to score in the ninth when Jermaine Dye hit a two - out RBI single off Octavio Dotel . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Octavio Dotel struck out Andre Ethier and got Konerko to fly out to center . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Jonathan Broxton struck out Russell Martin to end it for his 18th save in 21 chances . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox had a chance to score in the eighth when Alexei Ramirez led off with a single and advanced to second on a wild pitch . But Broxton struck out Andre Ethier to end it .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Colorado Rockies have been waiting for a long time to find a way to win . Brad Hawpe hit a three - run homer , Aaron Cook pitched seven innings of three - hit ball and the Rockies beat the Los Angeles Angels 11 - 1 on Tuesday night . Kendrys Morales and Seth Smith homered and drove in four runs for the Rockies , who have won five of six . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . They 've won six of their last seven games . Cook ( 7 - 3 ) gave up one run and three hits in seven innings , struck out four and walked two . The right - hander , who has won his last three starts , gave up three hits and two walks while striking out four . Matt Palmer ( 6 - 1 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings for the Angels , who have lost five of six . The Angels have lost five of six . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Angels have lost five of six . The Angels have lost five of six . The Angels have lost six of seven . They have won six of their last seven games . The Angels , who have lost three of four , took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run double by Dexter Fowler and a two - run single by Todd Helton . The Angels added three runs in the fifth . Ian Stewart drove in a run with a single , Troy Tulowitzki walked and Hawpe hit his 10th homer of the season to make it 6 - 1 . It was the fourth time this season the Rockies have hit back - to - back homers . Kendrys Morales hit a solo shot in the fourth for the Angels , who have lost four of five .
DENVER -- Jorge De La Rosa pitched effectively into the sixth inning , Freddy Sanchez hit a two - run homer and the Colorado Rockies beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Jorge De La Rosa ( 3 - 7 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Rockies , who have won four of five . Huston Street pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 18 chances . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Andrew McCutchen led off with a double and scored on Sanchez 's single . Sanchez hit a two - run homer in the second and Sanchez added a two - run shot in the second to give the Rockies a 5 - 3 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Maholm ( 4 - 4 ) , who gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked four . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Sanchez 's two - out , two - run homer . The Rockies took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Sanchez and a run - scoring single by Dexter Fowler . The Pirates tied it in the bottom half on Barmes ' RBI double and a run - scoring single by Brandon Moss . The Pirates took a 4 - 3 lead in the bottom of the second on Sanchez 's two - run homer and a run - scoring single by Garrett Atkins . The Pirates took a 4 - 3 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Sanchez and a solo shot by Barmes .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox could n't do much against the Atlanta Braves . David Ortiz hit a two - run homer , Brian McCann had a two - run double and the Red Sox beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 5 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight win . The Red Sox won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 5 - 1 against Atlanta this season . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Atlanta 's Jair Jurrjens gave up five runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Jonathan Papelbon ( 1 - 1 ) pitched out of a bases - loaded , one - out jam in the top of the ninth to earn his 16th save . Jeff Bennett ( 2 - 4 ) took the loss , giving up one run and one hit in 3 1 - 3 innings . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run double by Brian McCann and a two - run homer by Ortiz . Atlanta tied it in the bottom of the inning on Ortiz 's two - run homer . The Red Sox took a 3 - 2 lead in the first on a two - run double by Yunel Escobar and a two - run double by Brian McCann . Atlanta tied it in the bottom half on Ortiz 's two - run homer . Atlanta tied it in the bottom half on Ortiz 's two - run homer , his third of the season . Atlanta tied it in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Nate McLouth and a run - scoring single by Gregor Blanco .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Albert Pujols hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning , and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Kansas City Royals 7 - 1 on Friday night . Carpenter ( 5 - 1 ) allowed one run and three hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . Albert Pujols hit a two - run homer off Brian Bannister ( 5 - 4 ) in the sixth inning , and Khalil Greene added a three - run shot in the ninth . Ryan Franklin got the final four outs for his 17th save in 19 chances . The Royals have lost six of seven . Carpenter 's only mistake was a two - run homer by Albert Pujols in the sixth inning . Pujols ' homer in the sixth off Brian Bannister ( 5 - 4 ) gave the Cardinals a 3 - 0 lead . It was the fourth time this season the Cardinals have hit back - to - back homers . Pujols hit a two - run shot in the sixth off Brian Bannister ( 5 - 4 ) , who allowed three runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . The Royals scored three runs in the ninth off John Bale . Ryan Ludwick led off with a double and scored on Willie Bloomquist 's pinch - hit single . Yadier Molina followed with an RBI single to make it 4 - 1 . John Bale came in and gave up a single to Chris Duncan and a two - run homer to Khalil Greene , his third of the season , to make it 7 - 1 . It was the first three - run homer of the season for Greene , who hit a three - run shot in St. Louis ' 3 - 2 win over the Royals on Tuesday night . Carpenter ( 5 - 1 ) gave up one run and three hits in 7 2/3 innings , striking out six and walking two . The right - hander had won his previous three starts . The Royals have lost four of five .
PHILADELPHIA -- Rich Hill was n't sure what to expect from the Baltimore Orioles . Hill pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Matt Wieters hit a two - run double and the Orioles beat the Philadelphia Phillies 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hill ( 3 - 1 ) allowed two runs and five hits , striking out five and walking four . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in his last four starts . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in his last four starts . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in his last four starts . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Antonio Bastardo ( 2 - 2 ) gave up four runs and five hits in seven innings for the Phillies . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Jayson Werth had two hits and drove in two runs for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Baltimore went ahead 2 - 0 in the first on a two - run double by Jayson Werth . The Orioles tied it in the second on a two - run double by Matt Wieters and a run - scoring double by Aubrey Huff . Aubrey Huff 's RBI double in the sixth made it 4 - 2 . Markakis added a two - out , two - run double in the ninth . Reimold homered off Jack Taschner in the ninth to make it 7 - 2 . Reimold hit a solo shot in the ninth off Jack Taschner to make it 7 - 2 . Reimold added a solo shot off Jack Taschner in the ninth .
DETROIT -- Marcus Thames hit a pair of two - run homers and drove in four runs , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Milwaukee Brewers 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . Prince Fielder hit a three - run homer in the first inning and Curtis Granderson added a two - run shot in the fourth to give Detroit a 7 - 4 lead . Miguel Cabrera and Adam Everett also homered for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Thames hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the seventh to make it 10 - 4 . Zach Miner ( 4 - 1 ) pitched 2 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Detroit starter Armando Galarraga gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in four innings . The right - hander walked one and struck out one . The Brewers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Fielder and a two - run shot by Fielder . Detroit tied it in the bottom of the inning on a sacrifice fly by Dusty Ryan . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Dusty Ryan and a sacrifice fly by Craig Counsell . Detroit tied it in the bottom of the inning when Thames hit a two - run homer , his first of the season . Milwaukee tied it in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Dusty Ryan , a sacrifice fly by Adam Everett and a sacrifice fly by Dusty Ryan . Looper ( 5 - 4 ) allowed eight hits and seven runs -- seven earned -- in 3 2/3 innings .
TORONTO -- Alex Rios and the Florida Marlins did n't need much offense . Rios had four hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in two runs , leading the Marlins to a 6 - 5 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night . Rios had two hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in two runs . Sean West ( 2 - 1 ) allowed four runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings to win for the first time in four starts . Matt Lindstrom pitched the ninth for his 12th save in 14 chances . Ross hit a two - run homer off Casey Janssen ( 2 - 3 ) in the fourth , and the Marlins chased Janssen with a four - run sixth . Rios hit a two - run homer off Casey Janssen ( 2 - 3 ) , and Lyle Overbay hit a two - run shot off Jason Frasor in the sixth . Ross hit a two - run shot in the fourth , his second of the season , and the Marlins went ahead 6 - 2 in the sixth on a two - run homer by Jeremy Hermida . It was the fourth time this season the Marlins have hit back - to - back home runs . Ross hit a two - run shot in the fourth , his third of the season and second in two games . Ross hit a two - run shot in the fourth , his third of the season and second in two games . Ross hit a two - run shot in the fourth , his second of the season , and added a two - run shot in the sixth . The homer was the first of the season for Ross , who had been 0 - for - 8 in his previous four games . Ross hit a two - run homer off Janssen in the fourth , his third . Ross hit a two - run shot off Janssen in the fourth , his third . Ross hit a two - run shot off Janssen in the fourth , his third . Ross hit a two - run homer in the fourth , his third , and Overbay hit a two - run shot to left in the sixth . It was his fourth of the season and second in two days . Ross hit a two - run homer in the fourth , his third , and Overbay hit a two - run shot to left in the sixth . It was his fourth of the season and second in two days . Ross hit a two - run homer in the fourth , his third , and Overbay hit a two - run shot to left in the sixth . It was his fourth of the season and second in two games .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Matt Kemp and the Los Angeles Dodgers are on a roll . Kemp hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Dodgers beat the Texas Rangers 3 - 1 on Tuesday night to snap a four - game losing streak . Kemp 's two - out , two - run homer off Jason Grilli ( 0 - 2 ) in the seventh gave the Dodgers a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first homer for Kemp , who hit a two - run shot in the seventh inning of the Rangers ' 5 - 4 win over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Kemp 's homer was the first of his career , a two - run shot in the seventh that gave the Dodgers a 3 - 1 lead . Andruw Jones also homered for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Andruw Jones hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Cory Wade ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Jonathan Broxton pitched a perfect ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . The Rangers have lost four of five . Kemp hit a two - run homer off Jason Grilli ( 0 - 2 ) in the seventh to give the Dodgers a 3 - 1 lead . It was the third time this season the Dodgers have hit back - to - back home runs . The Rangers had a chance to score in the sixth when Orlando Hudson led off with a single , advanced on a wild pitch and came home on Russell Martin 's groundout . The Rangers had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Wade Harrison struck out Chris Davis to end the threat .
PHILADELPHIA -- Mike Lowell 's RBI single in the 13th inning lifted the Boston Red Sox to a 5 - 2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Jason Bay drew a one - out walk from Kyle Kendrick ( 0 - 1 ) in the 13th and advanced to second on a wild pitch . Mike Lowell followed with an RBI single to make it 5 - 2 . Nick Green followed with a sacrifice fly . Takashi Saito ( 2 - 0 ) got the last two outs of the 13th for the win . Daniel Bard struck out the side in the 13th for his first save . Ryan Howard tied it at 2 in the ninth with a solo homer off Ramon Ramirez . Jacoby Ellsbury had two hits and drove in a run for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Boston starter Joe Blanton allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking two . The Phillies have lost five of six . Lester struck out 11 in seven innings , allowing one run and two hits with two walks and a season - high 11 strikeouts . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Raul Ibanez led off with a double and scored on Pedro Feliz 's RBI groundout . Boston tied it in the fourth when Jason Bay hit a two - out double and scored on Mike Lowell 's two - out single . Boston starter Justin Masterson allowed two hits and struck out three in 2 1/3 scoreless innings . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Raul Ibanez led off with a double and scored on Pedro Feliz 's groundout .
NEW YORK -- Chase Utley and the rest of the Philadelphia Phillies have been waiting for Chase Utley to come through . Utley hit a pair of solo home runs in the 11th inning and the Phillies beat the New York Mets 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Utley connected off Bobby Parnell ( 2 - 1 ) with one out in the 11th to give the Phillies a 5 - 4 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Utley , who hit a two - run shot in the 10th inning of the Phillies ' 3 - 2 win over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . The Mets have won five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . A. J. Park ( 2 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Ryan Madson pitched a perfect 11th for his third save . The Mets , who have lost four of five , took a 4 - 1 lead in the seventh inning on an RBI single by Pedro Feliz and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Alex Cora . Mets starter Cole Hamels allowed four runs and 11 hits in five - plus innings . He walked two and struck out one . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on David Wright 's two - out single , and Utley tied it in the fourth with his second homer of the game . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI fielder 's choice by Luis Castillo . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a fielder 's choice grounder by Alex Cora and a run - scoring grounder by Wright .
CHICAGO -- The Detroit Tigers have been in the AL Central race . Verlander pitched a six - hitter , Jim Thome hit a solo homer and the Detroit Tigers beat the Chicago White Sox 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 7 - 2 ) struck out nine and walked one in his second complete game of the season . He struck out nine and walked one . Adam Everett hit a solo homer in the sixth off John Danks ( 4 - 5 ) , who gave up two runs and five hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Verlander ( 7 - 2 ) struck out a season - high nine and walked one in his second complete game of the season . He struck out nine and walked one . Octavio Dotel pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings , and Octavio Dotel worked the final 1 2/3 innings . John Danks ( 4 - 5 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 7 1/3 innings for Chicago . He struck out seven and walked two . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Brian Anderson led off with a single , stole second and scored on Magglio Ordonez 's single . Ryan Raburn drew a bases - loaded walk to make it 2 - 0 . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Verlander struck out Jermaine Dye to end the threat . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Verlander struck out Brandon Inge to end the threat . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Verlander struck out Jermaine Dye and Thome .
BOSTON -- The New York Yankees have been waiting for a long time to find a way to win . Josh Beckett pitched six innings of one - hit ball and David Ortiz hit a two - run homer , leading the Red Sox to a 7 - 0 victory over the New York Yankees on Tuesday night . Beckett ( 7 - 2 ) allowed one hit in six innings , striking out eight and walking two . He struck out the side in the first inning , then retired the side in order in the fourth . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the second , but Beckett struck out Jorge Posada and retired Jason Bay on a fly ball to end the inning . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Nick Green , a two - run shot by Ortiz and a two - run shot by David Ortiz . The Red Sox added two more in the fourth on a two - run double by Green and a run - scoring single by Mike Lowell . Burnett ( 4 - 3 ) was charged with five runs -- three earned -- and five hits in 2 2/3 innings . He walked five and struck out one . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run homer by David Ortiz and a two - run double by J. D. Drew . Boston added two more in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Green and a run - scoring single by Mike Lowell . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but John Smoltz struck out Jorge Posada to end the threat .
DETROIT -- Joel Zumaya ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings to earn his first major league win , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Los Angeles Angels 9 - 6 on Tuesday night . Joel Zumaya ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings for the win . Jose Arredondo ( 1 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up two runs in 1 1/3 innings . Juan Rivera had three hits , including a two - run homer in the first , and drove in three runs for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Angels starter Rick Porcello gave up four runs and five hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out two . Chone Figgins led off the game with a home run , and Adam Everett had a two - run single in the bottom of the inning to give Los Angeles a 4 - 3 lead . Brandon Inge hit a two - run single in the bottom of the first , and Erick Aybar had an RBI single in the sixth to make it 4 - 4 . Thomas hit a two - out , three - run homer in the eighth off Jason Bulger to make it 9 - 5 . It was the first pinch - hit homer of Thomas ' career , and the first pinch - hit homer of his career . Thomas hit a two - out , three - run homer in the eighth off Jason Bulger to make it 9 - 5 . It was the first pinch - hit homer of Thomas ' career , and the first pinch - hit homer of his career . Thomas hit a two - out , three - run homer in the eighth to make it 9 - 5 . The Angels tied it in the eighth on a bases - loaded walk to Howie Kendrick , and Thomas hit a two - out , three - run homer off Jason Bulger .
ATLANTA -- The Atlanta Braves have been waiting for Chipper Jones and the Milwaukee Brewers . Jones went 4 - for - 4 with a pair of homers and drove in five runs to help the Braves beat the Milwaukee Brewers 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Jones hit a three - run homer in the fifth inning and added a three - run shot in the sixth to give the Braves a 5 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for the Braves , who have won five of six . Braun hit a two - run homer in the sixth and a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Braves a 5 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for the Braves , who have won five of six . Braun hit a two - run homer in the sixth and a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Brewers a 5 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Jones , who had a career - high five RBIs . The Braves scored three runs in the eighth off Carlos Villanueva ( 2 - 4 ) . Eric O'Flaherty ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Mike Cameron hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Brewers , who have lost five of six . Tommy Hanson gave up solo homers to Ryan Braun and Mike Cameron in the first inning , but the Brewers could n't hold the lead . Tommy Hanson gave up six hits and seven runs -- six earned -- in six innings . He struck out five , walked one and hit a batter . Milwaukee starter Manny Parra gave up five runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He had an RBI double in the fifth and a two - run homer in the sixth to make it 7 - 5 . Yunel Escobar had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the eighth off Carlos Gonzalez , who gave up a run - scoring double to Brian McCann and a run - scoring double to Nate McLouth to cut the lead to 7 - 7 in the bottom half . Nate McLouth 's RBI double cut it to 7 - 7 in the bottom half , but Michael Gonzalez struck out pinch - hitter Garret Anderson for his eighth save in 10 chances . Braun hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Brewers a 5 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Braun , who hit a two - run shot off Parra in the first game of the series . It was the first multihomer game of his career and the first of his career . The Braves took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth on a two - run homer by Jones . Milwaukee tied it at 2 in the fifth on a two - run homer by Jones .
TORONTO -- The Kansas City Royals are on a roll . Mark Teahen homered and drove in three runs , Luke Hochevar pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Royals beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Raul Chavez hit a two - run homer and Willie Bloomquist added a three - run triple for the Royals , who have won six of seven . Royals right - hander Luke Hochevar ( 1 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 6 2 - 3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . Royals right - hander Scott Richmond ( 4 - 3 ) gave up five runs and five hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Royals right - hander Coco Pena , who has been bothered by a sore back , went 2 for 4 with a double and a double . The Blue Jays , who have lost six of seven , fell to 1 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . Blue Jays manager John Gibbons was ejected in the seventh inning by plate umpire Bill Miller for arguing a called third strike . Blue Jays manager John Gibbons came out to check on the right - hander , who did not speak with reporters after the game . Royals manager Cito Gaston came out to argue the call , but the call was upheld after a review of 1 minute , 14 seconds . The call was upheld after a review of 2 minutes , 11 seconds . The call was upheld after a review of 2 minutes , 14 seconds . The Royals added a run in the eighth when Billy Butler doubled and scored on Shawn Camp 's wild pitch .
BALTIMORE -- The Boston Red Sox are on the verge of a playoff spot in the AL East . John Smoltz pitched six solid innings and David Ortiz hit a two - run homer , leading the Red Sox to a 6 - 5 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . Smoltz ( 2 - 4 ) allowed five runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Jonathan Papelbon worked a perfect ninth for his 27th save . Jeremy Guthrie ( 7 - 10 ) gave up six runs , nine hits and two walks in 6 2/3 innings for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Jacoby Ellsbury had three hits , including a solo homer , and drove in a run for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 against the Red Sox this season . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Youkilis had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in two runs . Nolan Reimold hit a two - run homer and Aubrey Huff hit a two - run shot for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the second inning when Nick Markakis hit a two - out double and scored on a single by Ellsbury . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the third when Ellsbury led off with a single , stole second and scored on a sacrifice fly by Ellsbury .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels have been waiting for Howie Kendrick and the Cleveland Indians . Kendrick had a career - high five RBIs , including a two - run homer in the seventh inning , and John Lackey pitched seven strong innings to lead the Angels to a 9 - 3 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Kendrick had a two - run single in the fifth and added a two - run single in the fifth . Kendrick hit a two - run homer in the seventh , and Kelly Shoppach added a two - run double in the ninth . John Lackey ( 7 - 4 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings , striking out eight and walking four . The right - hander struck out eight and walked four while improving to 4 - 0 in his last five starts . The Angels have won five of their last six games against the Indians . Aaron Laffey ( 4 - 3 ) gave up seven runs -- four earned -- and seven hits in four - plus innings . The right - hander struck out two and walked two . The Indians scored two runs in the first inning to take a 2 - 0 lead . Bobby Gimenez walked , stole second and advanced to third on a throwing error by Shin-Soo Choo . Bobby Gimenez followed with an RBI single and Jhonny Peralta had a sacrifice fly . Kendrick hit a two - run homer in the seventh off reliever Tony Sipp to make it 9 - 1 . Kendrick 's two - run single in the fifth gave the Angels a 7 - 1 lead and chased Laffey .
SEATTLE -- Ichiro Suzuki has been waiting for the Seattle Mariners this season . Suzuki hit a game - ending RBI single with two outs in the ninth inning , lifting the Seattle Mariners to a 4 - 3 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night . Ichiro Suzuki had three hits , including a two - out single in the ninth off Scott Downs ( 1 - 3 ) , and scored the winning run on Aaron Hill 's RBI double . David Aardsma ( 3 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Seattle starter Marc Rzepczynski gave up three runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Seattle starter Jarrod Washburn gave up one run and five hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out one . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on Chris Shelton 's RBI double and Jack Hannahan 's run - scoring single . The Blue Jays added three runs in the sixth . Scott Rolen led off with a single , stole second and scored on Chris Shelton 's ground - rule double to left - center . Alex Rios followed with an RBI double to make it 3 - 2 , but Rzepczynski struck out Vernon Wells to end the inning . Washburn gave up five hits and one run in seven innings . He walked three and struck out one . The Blue Jays scored a run in the first on a sacrifice fly by Jose Bautista , but the Blue Jays added three more in the sixth . Scott Rolen led off with a double and scored on Chris Shelton 's double to right - center . Chris Shelton followed with a run - scoring double to left - center to make it 3 - 0 . Hannahan followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 0 .
SEATTLE -- The Cleveland Indians have been waiting for Jhonny Peralta and Travis Hafner . Peralta hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs to lead the Indians to a 12 - 3 win over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . Lee ( 7 - 9 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked none . The right - hander is 7 - 0 in his last eight starts against the Mariners , who have won three of four . The Indians have won five of their last six games against the Mariners . Peralta hit a three - run homer off Jason Vargas ( 3 - 4 ) in the fifth and Hafner added a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Indians a 10 - 2 lead . It was the first time the Indians had scored at least six runs in a game this season . Peralta hit a three - run homer in the sixth and Hafner added a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Indians a 10 - 2 lead . It was the first time the Indians had scored at least 10 runs in a game this season . Peralta hit a three - run homer in the sixth and Hafner added a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Indians a 11 - 2 lead . It was the first time the Indians have hit back - to - back homers this season . Cleveland 's Grady Sizemore led off the game with a home run , and Shin-Soo Choo had a run - scoring single in the fourth to give the Mariners a 2 - 1 lead . The Mariners took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first . Asdrubal Cabrera led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch . Jamey Carroll followed with an RBI single to give the Mariners a 2 - 1 lead . The Mariners took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first . Jose Lopez led off with a double and Peralta followed with a shot to left - center for a 7 - 2 lead . It was the first grand slam of the season for Peralta , who has homered in three straight games for the first time in his career . He also had a run - scoring single in the fifth . Hafner 's sacrifice fly in the eighth made it 12 - 2 .
CHICAGO -- Rich Harden 's first no - hitter of the season was n't a problem for the Chicago Cubs . Harden allowed one hit over six innings , Joey Votto hit a solo homer and the Chicago Cubs beat the Cincinnati Reds 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Harden ( 7 - 6 ) allowed one run and one hit in six innings . He struck out eight and walked none . Harden is 1 - 4 in his last six starts . The right - hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts , allowing only three earned runs in 21 1/3 innings . Kevin Gregg got the final out for his 21st save in 22 chances . Micah Owings ( 6 - 11 ) gave up two runs and three hits in three innings . He walked four and struck out two . Joey Votto hit a solo homer in the first inning for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Cincinnati took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on Alfonso Soriano 's RBI double and Jake Fox 's run - scoring single . Kosuke Fukudome had an RBI single in the eighth and Koyie Hill added an RBI triple off Arthur Rhodes in the eighth to make it 5 - 1 . Arthur Rhodes came in to start the eighth and gave up a single to Paul Janish and a walk to Aramis Ramirez . He was replaced by Francisco Cordero , who gave up a run - scoring single to Koyie Hill and a run - scoring groundout to Brandon Phillips . The Reds had runners on first and second with two outs in the eighth , but Sean Marshall got pinch - hitter Jeff Baker to ground into a double play .
BOSTON -- Brad Penny did n't need much run support for the Boston Red Sox . Penny pitched effectively into the seventh inning , and the Red Sox beat the Baltimore Orioles 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Penny ( 7 - 4 ) gave up an unearned run and five hits , striking out four and walking none . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last five starts . Penny has allowed two runs or fewer in six of his last seven starts . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games . Baltimore has lost six of seven . Brad Bergesen ( 6 - 5 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in six innings for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Melvin Mora and a sacrifice fly by Jed Lowrie . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Jason Varitek . The Orioles took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth when Nolan Reimold led off with a single , stole second and scored on Jed Lowrie 's sacrifice fly . Boston took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Nick Markakis and a run - scoring single by Jason Varitek . Baltimore took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on an RBI single by Jed Lowrie and a run - scoring single by Jason Varitek . The Orioles took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on an RBI single by Jason Varitek and a run - scoring single by Mike Lowell .
TORONTO -- The Tampa Bay Rays are on a roll . Evan Longoria hit a two - run double with two outs in the 10th inning , and the Rays beat the Toronto Blue Jays 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Garza ( 7 - 7 ) allowed two runs and five hits in his second complete game of the season . He walked none and struck out nine . J. P. Howell pitched the 10th for his 11th save . Scott Downs ( 1 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and one hit in one inning . The Blue Jays lost for the seventh time in nine games . Toronto 's Roy Halladay struck out 10 in nine innings , allowing two runs , one earned , and four hits . He walked three and struck out a season - high 10 . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the third when Carl Crawford hit a sacrifice fly and Marco Scutaro followed with a run - scoring single . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on Aaron Hill 's RBI double . The Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half on Longoria 's sacrifice fly . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on Longoria 's sacrifice fly . The Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half on Longoria 's sacrifice fly . The Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half on Longoria 's sacrifice fly . Toronto tied it in the bottom half when Carl Crawford hit a sacrifice fly and Longoria drove in a run with a sacrifice fly . Blue Jays right - hander Matt Garza ( 7 - 7 ) allowed two runs and five hits in a season - high nine innings . He walked none and struck out nine . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Longoria and a run - scoring double by Marco Scutaro . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI double by Aaron Hill , but the Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half . B. J. Upton led off with a single , stole second and scored on Longoria 's sacrifice fly . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with one out in the eighth , but J. P. Howell struck out pinch - hitter Shawn Camp to end it .
SAN DIEGO -- Ricky Nolasco did n't need much help from the Florida Marlins . Nolasco pitched two - hit ball into the seventh inning , Chris Coghlan hit a two - run homer and the Marlins beat the San Diego Padres 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Nolasco ( 7 - 7 ) allowed two hits , walked three and struck out a season - high 10 in 6 1/3 innings . The right - hander struck out 10 and walked three . Jeremy Hermida hit a solo homer in the second inning and Chris Coghlan added a two - run shot in the ninth as the Marlins won for the seventh time in eight games . The Padres have lost six of seven . Josh Geer ( 1 - 6 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings for San Diego . He struck out four and walked one . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost six of seven .
WASHINGTON -- Craig Stammen and the Washington Nationals have been waiting for Josh Willingham . Willingham had four hits , including a go - ahead two - run homer in the sixth inning , and the Nationals beat the New York Mets 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Stammen ( 3 - 5 ) allowed one run and four hits in 7 1/3 innings , striking out five and walking two . The right - hander is 3 - 0 in four starts against the Mets this season . Mike Pelfrey ( 7 - 6 ) gave up three runs -- three earned -- and six hits in seven innings for the Mets . He struck out two and walked two . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Angel Pagan hit a one - out triple and scored on a sacrifice fly by Ronnie Belliard . Washington tied it in the sixth . Nick Johnson led off with a single , stole second and scored on Ronnie Belliard 's sacrifice fly . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on David Wright 's two - out single , but Washington tied it in the bottom half . Willingham hit a two - run homer off Pedro Feliciano to give the Nationals a 3 - 1 lead . Pedro Feliciano got the final out of the inning and Mike MacDougal worked a perfect ninth for his sixth save in six chances . The Mets have lost four of five . Mets starter Gary Sheffield , who had been sidelined since July 29 with a strained right hamstring , is expected to be back in the lineup Wednesday . He has been out since May 29 with a strained right hamstring .
TORONTO -- The Toronto Blue Jays have n't been able to find a way to get back to .500 . Marco Scutaro homered twice and drove in four runs , Alex Rios also went deep , and the Blue Jays beat the Cleveland Indians 10 - 6 on Tuesday night . Aaron Hill and Vernon Wells also homered for the Blue Jays , who won for just the second time in eight games . The Blue Jays have won five of six and are 5 - 1 against the Indians this season . Scutaro hit a three - run homer in the sixth inning and a three - run shot in the sixth , his first multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Scutaro hit a three - run shot off Jose Veras in the sixth to make it 10 - 4 , but the Blue Jays answered with four runs in the bottom half . Jhonny Peralta had an RBI double and Ben Francisco followed with a run - scoring single . Luis Valbuena hit a three - run homer for the Indians , who lost for the fourth time in five games . Cleveland 's Ricky Romero ( 8 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out two . Pavano ( 8 - 8 ) gave up seven runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out four . Scutaro hit a three - run homer in the sixth , and Rios hit a solo shot in the sixth . It was the second time this season the Blue Jays have hit back - to - back homers . Scutaro hit a two - out , three - run shot in the sixth , his second of the season and first since July 26 . Scutaro hit a three - run shot off Jose Veras in the sixth , his second homer of the season and second in two days .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Tommy Hunter pitched well enough to beat the Boston Red Sox . Hunter pitched six solid innings and the Texas Rangers beat Josh Beckett and the Boston Red Sox 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hunter ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings , striking out two and walking one . The right - hander is 2 - 0 in five career starts against the Red Sox , including a 1 - 0 record . Hunter gave up a run - scoring single to Mike Lowell in the ninth , but got his ninth save in 10 chances . Josh Beckett ( 11 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in eight innings for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . The Red Sox have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Boston has lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost six of their last seven games . The Red Sox scored in the first inning on Hank Blalock 's two - out , two - run single . Hank Blalock had a two - out , two - run single in the first , and Kevin Youkilis had an RBI double in the sixth for a 3 - 1 lead . David Murphy had a sacrifice fly in the seventh for the Red Sox , who have lost three of their past four games . The Red Sox had a chance to score in the first when Ian Kinsler led off with a single , stole second and went to third on catcher Jarrod Saltalamacchia 's throwing error . Kinsler stole second and scored on Hank Blalock 's two - out single to center . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with no outs in the third , but Hunter got Marlon Byrd to ground into a double play . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Hunter got Marlon Byrd to ground into a double play . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Hunter got Marlon Byrd to ground into a double play . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the sixth , but Hunter got Marlon Byrd to ground into a double play .
PITTSBURGH -- Trevor Hoffman has been the Milwaukee Brewers ' closer . Hoffman pitched a perfect ninth inning to earn his 22nd save , and the Brewers beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Looper ( 9 - 4 ) allowed four hits , walked three and struck out one in seven innings to win for the first time in four starts . The right - hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts , allowing only one run in each of his previous three starts . Prince Fielder had two hits and two RBIs for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Virgil Vasquez ( 1 - 4 ) gave up two runs and nine hits in 6 2 - 3 innings for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . Milwaukee has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Michael Cuddyer has been a tough - luck loser for the Minnesota Twins . Cuddyer hit a go - ahead triple in the 10th inning and the Twins beat the Oakland Athletics 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Michael Cuddyer hit a go - ahead triple in the 10th to give the Twins a 3 - 2 victory over the A 's on Tuesday night . Michael Cuddyer hit an RBI triple off Andrew Bailey ( 4 - 3 ) in the 10th to give the Twins a 3 - 2 lead . Matt Guerrier ( 5 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Joe Nathan pitched a perfect 10th for his 26th save in 29 chances . The Twins have won four of five . Joe Mauer led off the 10th with a single off Andrew Bailey ( 4 - 3 ) , stole second and scored on Michael Cuddyer 's triple to right - center . The A 's have won four straight and seven of nine . Minnesota 's Anthony Swarzak gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked three . The A 's took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI single by Orlando Cabrera and a run - scoring triple by Delmon Young . Oakland took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI groundout by Adam Kennedy and a sacrifice fly by Nick Punto . The A 's tied it in the fourth on an RBI double by Delmon Young and a run - scoring groundout by Adam Kennedy . The A 's tied it in the fourth on an RBI double by Ryan Sweeney and a run - scoring groundout by Delmon Young .
NEW YORK -- Yankees manager Joe Girardi was happy to see Hideki Matsui hit a game - winning home run in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the New York Yankees a 2 - 1 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . Hideki Matsui hit a solo homer with one out in the bottom of the ninth off Jim Johnson ( 3 - 4 ) , giving the Yankees a 2 - 1 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . Alfredo Aceves ( 6 - 1 ) got two outs in the ninth for the win . Hideki Matsui hit a solo homer in the ninth off Jim Johnson ( 3 - 4 ) , who blew a save for the first time this season . Hideki Matsui hit a solo homer in the ninth off Yankees starter Andy Pettitte , who allowed one run and six hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Nick Markakis hit a solo homer in the first inning for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Eric Hinske homered for the Orioles , who have lost three of four . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore 's David Hernandez gave up one run and three hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked three . Baltimore 's Adam Jones extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first . He was hit by a pitch in the first inning .
CINCINNATI -- Jonny Gomes was n't surprised to see the Milwaukee Brewers get a chance to win . Gomes hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the eighth inning , and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Milwaukee Brewers 5 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight win . Gomes ' two - run homer off Seth McClung ( 3 - 3 ) gave the Reds a 5 - 3 lead in the eighth . Gomes ' two - run homer in the eighth off Seth McClung ( 3 - 3 ) gave the Reds a 5 - 3 lead . David Weathers ( 2 - 2 ) struck out two in a perfect eighth inning for the win . Francisco Cordero pitched a perfect ninth for his 22nd save in 25 chances . Fielder had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third inning that gave the Reds a 3 - 2 lead . Fielder hit a two - run homer in the third inning off Yovani Gallardo , who allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Cueto gave up 10 hits and three runs in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Fielder had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third inning that gave the Reds a 3 - 2 lead . Fielder hit a two - run homer in the third inning off Johnny Cueto , who gave up a two - run single to Brandon Phillips in the first inning . Fielder hit a two - run homer off Cueto in the third inning , giving the Reds a 3 - 2 lead . Cueto allowed 10 hits and three runs with one walk and five strikeouts in six innings .
LOS ANGELES -- Roy Oswalt pitched a four - hitter for his first complete game of the season , and the Houston Astros beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 8 - 1 on Tuesday night . Oswalt ( 6 - 4 ) struck out five and walked none in his second complete game of the season . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 3.65 ERA in his last five starts . The Astros have won five of their last six games . Ivan Rodriguez went 4 - for - 5 with a homer and drove in two runs for the Astros , who have won four of five . Chad Billingsley ( 9 - 5 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in 1 2/3 innings . The right - hander was charged with six runs , six earned , and nine hits over 1 2/3 innings in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained right shoulder . The Dodgers scored four runs in the first inning , including a two - run homer by Miguel Tejada , and a two - run double by Hunter Pence to make it 6 - 0 . Rodriguez led off the third with his third homer of the season and second in two games . He also had an RBI single in the first . Rodriguez led off the third with his third homer of the season and second in two games . The Astros added three more in the fifth on a two - run double by Michael Bourn and a run - scoring groundout by Russell Martin . Rodriguez led off the third with his third homer of the season and second in two games . He also had a run - scoring single in the first . Rodriguez led off the third with his third homer of the season and second in two games . He also had an RBI single in the first . Rodriguez led off the third with his third homer of the season and second in two games . The Dodgers added a run in the third on Blum 's two - out , two - run double . Rodriguez led off the third with his third homer of the season and second in two games . He also had an RBI single in the first .
MIAMI ( AP ) -- Chase Utley and the Philadelphia Phillies are on a roll . Utley hit a two - run homer in the first inning , and the Phillies held on to beat the Florida Marlins 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Chase Utley hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Jayson Werth added a two - out RBI single in the seventh to give the Phillies a 5 - 4 lead . Ronny Paulino had three hits and scored three runs for the Phillies , who have won four of five . Jimmy Rollins led off the 12th with a double off Burke Badenhop ( 5 - 4 ) and scored on Ronny Paulino 's two - out single . Utley 's two - out , two - run homer in the first inning gave the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead . It was the first time the Phillies had scored at least 10 runs in a game this season . Clay Condrey ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . Brad Lidge gave up a run in the 12th but earned his 19th save in 22 chances . The Phillies ' Cole Hamels gave up one run and four hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . Florida 's Ricky Nolasco allowed four runs , four earned , and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Chris Coghlan and Chris Coghlan homered for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Florida scored three runs in the fourth to take a 4 - 1 lead . Pedro Feliz 's RBI double made it 4 - 1 , and Chris Coghlan hit a leadoff homer in the bottom half .
DENVER -- Derek Lowe had his best start of the season , and the Atlanta Braves have been waiting for him . Lowe pitched six solid innings , Diory Hernandez hit a go - ahead , two - run double in the eighth inning and the Braves beat the Colorado Rockies 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Lowe ( 8 - 7 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings , striking out five and walking one . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth for his 11th save . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 6 - 9 ) gave up two runs on six hits and struck out eight in six innings for the Rockies , who have lost five of six . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Helton tied it at 1 with a solo homer in the sixth off Ubaldo Jimenez ( 6 - 9 ) , who gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Helton tied it at 1 with a solo homer in the sixth . Helton tied it at 1 with a solo homer in the sixth , his 16th of the season and second in two games . Helton tied it at 1 in the sixth with his 22nd homer of the season , a drive into the right - field seats on a 3 - 2 pitch from Jimenez . It was the first homer allowed by Jimenez this season , the most in the majors this season . The Rockies had a chance to take the lead in the seventh , loading the bases with one out , but Matt Diaz grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Rockies had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Rincon struck out Nate McLouth to end the threat .
PHOENIX -- The Florida Marlins had a big night at the plate . Justin Upton hit a two - run homer , Chris Young had a two - run triple and the Florida Marlins beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 14 - 7 on Tuesday night . Florida scored five runs in the eighth inning off Scott Schoeneweis ( 1 - 1 ) . Jeremy Hermida had three hits , including a solo homer , and Dan Uggla had four hits for the Marlins . Kiko Calero ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Jorge Cantu hit a two - run homer for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Arizona starter Andrew Miller lasted only 2 2/3 innings , giving up six runs -- two earned -- and five hits . He walked three and did n't strike out a batter for the third time in his last four starts . The Diamondbacks scored three runs in the eighth off Blaine Boyer , who was charged with five runs -- two earned -- and four hits in 1 2/3 innings . The Diamondbacks scored three runs in the eighth off Blaine Boyer , who was charged with five runs -- two earned -- on four hits and a walk in 1 2/3 innings . The Marlins scored three runs in the eighth off Blaine Boyer , who was charged with five runs -- two earned -- on four hits and a walk in 1 2/3 innings . The Diamondbacks scored three runs in the eighth off Blaine Boyer , who was charged with five runs -- two earned -- and four hits in 1 2/3 innings . The Diamondbacks scored three runs in the eighth off Brian Sanches . Ross Gload hit a two - out , two - run homer off Brian Sanches to make it 7 - 4 . Cody Ross had an RBI single and Ross Gload had an RBI fielder 's choice .
MILWAUKEE -- Joel Pineiro and the St. Louis Cardinals ' bullpen could n't hold it . Pineiro pitched a three - hitter for his first career complete game , Ryan Ludwick hit a three - run homer and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Milwaukee Brewers 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Pineiro ( 7 - 9 ) allowed one run and three hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Albert Pujols had two hits and drove in a run for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Ryan Ludwick hit a three - run homer off Todd Coffey in the eighth to give the Brewers a 5 - 1 lead . Ryan Stetter ( 2 - 5 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and two hits in two - thirds of an inning . Ryan Ludwick hit a three - run homer off Manny Parra in the eighth to give the Brewers a 1 - 0 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Parra in five starts this season . Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on Mike Cameron 's two - out RBI single . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Prince Fielder led off with a double and scored on Mike Cameron 's single . The Cardinals tied it in the eighth on an RBI double by Brendan Ryan and a run - scoring double by Albert Pujols , who had two hits and drove in a run .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants ' 9 - 3 victory over the San Diego Padres on Friday night was the best start of the season for the Giants . Tim Lincecum pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Travis Ishikawa homered and drove in a run and the Giants beat the San Diego Padres 9 - 3 on Tuesday night . Bengie Molina hit a two - run homer and Juan Uribe added a solo shot for the Giants . Lincecum ( 10 - 2 ) allowed three runs and three hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked four . The Giants have won five of six and are a season - high 16 games over .500 . Josh Geer ( 1 - 4 ) gave up six runs , six earned , and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . San Diego 's Pablo Sandoval hit a two - run double in the fifth to give the Giants a 6 - 0 lead . Travis Ishikawa hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Padres , who have lost four of five . San Diego scored three runs in the seventh to make it 6 - 3 . Kevin Kouzmanoff had an RBI single and Randy Winn added an RBI single . Nate Schierholtz added an RBI single to make it 9 - 3 . Jeremy Affeldt pitched a perfect eighth , and Sergio Romo got the final out in the eighth . San Diego 's Luis Perdomo struck out three in 1 1/3 innings of relief . The Padres have lost six of seven . San Diego 's Tony Gwynn Jr. extended his hitting streak to a career - high 11 games with a leadoff single in the fifth . He scored on Sandoval 's double .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Tampa Bay Rays are on their longest winning streak of the season . Ben Zobrist hit a game - ending RBI single with two outs in the bottom of the ninth inning , lifting the Rays to a 10 - 9 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night . Zobrist had a two - out RBI single off Scott Downs in the ninth , giving the Rays a 10 - 9 victory over the Blue Jays . J. P. Howell ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Jason Frasor ( 5 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up one run and one hit in 1 2/3 innings . The Blue Jays have lost five of six . Zobrist hit a three - run homer off Scott Kazmir in the fourth to give the Blue Jays a 9 - 5 lead . The Blue Jays tied it 9 - 9 in the seventh on a run - scoring single by Alex Rios and a run - scoring double by Jason Bartlett . The Blue Jays took a 9 - 5 lead in the seventh on a run - scoring single by Kevin Millar and a run - scoring single by Alex Rios . The Blue Jays tied it at 9 in the seventh on a run - scoring single by Scott Rolen and a run - scoring single by Gabe Kapler . The Blue Jays tied it at 9 in the seventh on a run - scoring single by Raul Chavez and a run - scoring single by Jason Bartlett . Toronto starter Brian Tallet gave up eight runs and 11 hits over three - plus innings in his shortest outing of the season .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The New York Yankees have been waiting for someone to get back to the postseason . CC Sabathia pitched seven innings of three - hit ball , Francisco Cervelli drove in two runs and the Yankees beat the Minnesota Twins 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Sabathia ( 8 - 5 ) allowed three hits and one run in seven innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out three , walked one and hit a batter . Brett Gardner had three hits and drove in two runs , and Robinson Cano had two hits and two RBIs for the Yankees . Mark Teixeira had four hits , including a run - scoring single in the fourth inning , and Robinson Cano had a two - run single in the sixth for a 10 - 1 lead . Scott Baker ( 6 - 7 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in three - plus innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Michael Cuddyer hit a solo homer for the Twins , who have lost three straight and seven of nine . The Twins have lost six of seven . They 've lost five of their last six games . The Twins have lost six of seven . They 've lost five of their last six games . The Twins have lost seven of their last 10 games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Target Field this season . The Twins have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Twins have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven .
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting for Ryan Zimmerman to come off the disabled list . Zimmerman 's two - run single in the eighth inning gave the Washington Nationals a 5 - 3 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . Ryan Zimmerman had a two - run single in the eighth , and Adam Dunn hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Nationals , who have won five of six . Lannan ( 6 - 5 ) allowed three runs and nine hits in eight innings . He walked one and struck out one . Mike Gonzalez ( 3 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing three runs and one hit in one - third of an inning . Mike MacDougal pitched the ninth for his fourth save . Washington 's Tommy Hanson gave up one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Nate McLouth 's run - scoring single and a run - scoring single by Garret Anderson . Washington added a run in the sixth on Chipper Jones ' RBI single and a run - scoring single by Brooks Conrad . Washington added a run in the eighth on Dunn 's run - scoring single and Josh Willingham 's run - scoring single . Zimmerman 's two - run single off Eric O'Flaherty in the top of the eighth made it 5 - 3 . Zimmerman 's two - run single in the bottom half off Eric O'Flaherty gave Washington a 5 - 3 lead . Zimmerman 's two - run single off Peter Moylan in the eighth made it 5 - 3 , and Dunn 's run - scoring single in the bottom half made it 5 - 3 .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Andruw Jones and the Texas Rangers did n't need much offense . Andruw Jones homered and drove in four runs , Michael Young had a three - run double and the Rangers beat the Tampa Bay Rays 12 - 4 on Tuesday night . Jones hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a run - scoring double in the sixth to help the Rangers avoid a three - game sweep . Derek Holland ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Price ( 2 - 3 ) gave up six runs and three hits in 1 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked five and struck out three . Dioner Navarro hit a three - run homer and Jason Bartlett added a solo shot for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Jones hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a run - scoring double in the sixth . Cruz had three hits , including a solo homer in the fifth that gave the Rangers a 6 - 1 lead . Jones hit a three - run homer in the first and a run - scoring double in the sixth . Jones hit a three - run homer in the first and a run - scoring double in the sixth to make it 10 - 4 . Nelson Cruz had three hits , including a solo homer , and drove in two runs for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Rays starter Lance Padilla gave up three runs and four hits in three innings , his shortest outing of the season . He struck out three and walked none .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals have been waiting for a long time to find a way to win . Jermaine Dye hit a two - run homer and Alberto Callaspo had two hits and three RBIs , and the Royals beat the Chicago White Sox 6 - 4 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight win . Hochevar ( 4 - 3 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked two . Joakim Soria pitched a perfect ninth for his 11th save in 12 chances . Gavin Floyd ( 6 - 6 ) gave up five runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . Gordon Beckham hit a solo homer in the sixth for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning on Dewayne Wise 's RBI single , but the White Sox answered in the bottom half . Alexei Ramirez led off with a single and Dye followed with a two - run homer to left - center to make it 3 - 0 . It was Dye 's third home run of the season and second in two games . The Royals tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Mitch Maier . Callaspo 's two - out , two - run single in the sixth scored Willie Bloomquist , who led off the inning with a single . The Royals tied it in the bottom half on Brayan Pena 's pinch - hit homer , his first of the season . It was the first pinch - hit homer of Pena 's career . Gordon Beckham homered for the White Sox , who have lost four of five .
PHILADELPHIA -- Jamie Moyer is the oldest pitcher to win a game in the majors this season . Moyer pitched into the seventh inning , Jimmy Rollins hit a two - run double and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the New York Mets 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Moyer ( 7 - 6 ) allowed one run and five hits , striking out one and walking one in 6 1/3 innings . Brad Lidge pitched a perfect ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . The Phillies have won four straight and six of seven . The Mets have lost five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Mets have lost six of seven . Mets starter Fernando Nieve ( 3 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 5 2 - 3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jimmy Rollins ' two - run double . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jayson Werth 's sacrifice fly . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Shane Victorino 's two - out RBI single . Pedro Feliz had three hits for the Phillies .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Chicago White Sox needed a strong outing from John Danks . Danks pitched shutout ball into the eighth inning , A. J. Pierzynski homered and drove in a run and the White Sox beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Danks ( 7 - 6 ) allowed five hits , struck out five and did not walk a batter . He struck out five and did not walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . The White Sox have lost five of six and are 1 - 4 on their nine - game road trip . Greinke ( 10 - 4 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six , walked one and hit a batter . The White Sox scored three runs in the third to take a 4 - 0 lead . Podsednik led off with a single , stole second and scored on Paul Konerko 's double . Jim Thome 's RBI single made it 5 - 0 in the seventh . Scott Linebrink pitched 1 2/3 innings for his second save in three chances . The White Sox have lost three of their past four games and are 0 - 4 against the White Sox this season . They are 0 - 4 against the White Sox this season . They are 0 - 4 against the White Sox this season . They are 0 - 4 against the White Sox this season . They are 0 - 4 against the White Sox this season . They are 0 - 4 against the White Sox this season . The White Sox have lost six of seven .
CINCINNATI -- Johnny Cueto had a lot to do with a no - hitter . Cueto pitched one - hit ball over six innings , Joey Votto had an RBI single and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Cueto ( 8 - 4 ) gave up one hit and struck out eight in six innings . He walked four and struck out eight . Francisco Cordero pitched a perfect ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . Jon Garland ( 4 - 8 ) gave up one run and six hits in six innings for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . The Diamondbacks have lost six of their last seven games . They 've been shut out three times this season , including three in the last two games . The Diamondbacks have been shut out three times this season . They 've been shut out three times this season , including three in the last two games . The Diamondbacks have lost six of their last seven games . They 've been shut out three times this season , including three in the last two games . The Diamondbacks have lost six of their last seven games . They 've been shut out three times this season , including three in the last two games . The Diamondbacks have been shut out three times this season . They 've been shut out three times this season , including three in the last two games . The Diamondbacks have lost six of their last seven games . They 've been shut out three times this season , including three in the last two games . They 've been shut out three times this season .
MIAMI -- The Florida Marlins have been waiting for a long time to get back into the NL East race . Cody Ross homered and drove in two runs , Josh Willingham had a two - run single and the Florida Marlins beat the Washington Nationals 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Hanley Ramirez hit a two - run double in the third inning to give the Marlins a 2 - 1 lead . Florida starter Jordan Zimmermann allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Dan Meyer ( 2 - 0 ) got two outs in the seventh for the win . Leo Nunez pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save . Julian Tavarez ( 3 - 6 ) gave up a two - run homer to Cody Ross in the top of the inning . Cody Ross hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Washington took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Emilio Bonifacio led off with a single , stole second and scored on a single by Willingham . The Marlins took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a two - out , two - run single by Willingham and a two - run double by Willingham . The Marlins took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a two - run double by Willingham and a two - run double by Willingham . The Marlins took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a two - run double by Willingham and a two - run double by Willingham . The Marlins took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a two - run double by Willingham .
MILWAUKEE -- Trevor Hoffman did n't make it out of the ninth inning for his 29th save in 33 chances . Hoffman pitched a scoreless ninth inning for his 29th save , and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Casey McGehee hit a solo homer for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Suppan ( 6 - 8 ) allowed one run and eight hits in six innings . He struck out one and walked three . Trevor Hoffman pitched a scoreless ninth for his 29th save in 33 chances . Ross Ohlendorf ( 11 - 9 ) allowed four runs and five hits in six innings for the Pirates . He struck out six and walked two . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Lastings Milledge , but the Brewers tied it in the third on a two - out , two - run single by Craig Counsell , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the inning when Garrett Jones hit a solo homer off Ohlendorf , who allowed one run and eight hits in six innings . Milwaukee 's Jeff Suppan ( 6 - 8 ) allowed one run and eight hits in six innings . He struck out one and walked three . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Craig Counsell , but the Pirates tied it in the third on a two - out double by Frank Catalanotto and a sacrifice fly by Brandon Moss . The Pirates loaded the bases with one out in the fifth , but Suppan struck out Ryan Doumit and Prince Fielder to end the threat .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants are on their longest winning streak of the season . Edgar Renteria hit a grand slam and drove in five runs , Troy Tulowitzki had a career - high four hits and the San Francisco Giants beat the Colorado Rockies 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Renteria hit a three - run homer in the seventh inning off Rafael Betancourt ( 1 - 3 ) to give the Giants a 6 - 5 lead . It was the first grand slam of the season for Renteria , who had a career - high five RBIs . He also doubled in a run in the sixth inning and drove in a career - high five runs . Todd Helton went 3 - for - 5 with a homer and drove in a run for the Rockies . Brandon Medders ( 3 - 1 ) got the last two outs of the eighth for the win . Jeremy Affeldt pitched the ninth for his 22nd save in 25 chances . Giants starter Matt Cain gave up four runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on Tulowitzki 's two - out RBI double . Colorado tied it in the fourth on Tulowitzki 's two - out homer . The Rockies tied it in the fourth on Tulowitzki 's two - out , two - out homer . The Giants tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Clint Barmes . Giants starter Jason Hammel gave up two runs and four hits in five - plus innings . He struck out two and walked one . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Clint Barmes .
SEATTLE -- Zack Greinke has been a big part of the Kansas City Royals ' offense . Greinke pitched a one - hitter for his first career no - hitter , and the Royals beat the Seattle Mariners 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Greinke ( 13 - 8 ) struck out five and walked one , throwing 114 pitches in his first complete game of the season . The right - hander struck out five and walked one in his second complete game of the season . It was the first complete game of his career , and the first by a Kansas City pitcher this season . The Mariners have won five of their last six games . The Mariners were shut out for the third time this season . The Mariners were shut out for the third time this season . Ryan Rowland-Smith ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs and five hits in eight innings for the Mariners . He struck out seven and walked one . David DeJesus had an RBI single in the fifth for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Seattle 's Miguel Olivo had an RBI single in the fifth and a run - scoring single in the fifth . Miguel Olivo had an RBI single in the fifth and David DeJesus added an RBI single in the fifth to give the Mariners a 2 - 0 lead . It was the third time this season the Mariners scored more than three runs for the first time in a game . The Mariners were shut out for the third time this season . They have been shut out three times this season and have been shut out three times in their last four games .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Nelson Cruz and the rest of the Minnesota Twins have been waiting for the Minnesota Twins . Cruz hit a tiebreaking , two - run homer in the seventh inning and the Twins rallied to beat the Texas Rangers 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Nelson Cruz hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the seventh for the Twins , who have won four of five . Brendan Harris hit a run - scoring single in the eighth and scored on Mike Redmond 's fielder 's choice . Jon Rauch ( 3 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win , and Joe Nathan pitched the ninth for his 34th save . Wilson ( 4 - 6 ) gave up three runs , three hits and a walk in one - plus inning of relief . Jason Kubel hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Scott Baker gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings for the Rangers . He struck out six and walked one . Texas starter Kevin Millwood gave up two runs and six hits in six innings , striking out two and walking two . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Elvis Andrus ' RBI single , but the Twins answered in the bottom half . Justin Morneau led off with a single , and Cruz followed with a drive into the right - field seats to give the Twins a 2 - 1 lead . It was the third time this season the Twins have hit back - to - back homers .
BALTIMORE -- Matt Wieters and the Baltimore Orioles finally found a way to beat the Cleveland Indians . Wieters had three hits and drove in four runs , Jason Berken won for the first time in four starts and the Orioles beat the Cleveland Indians 13 - 4 on Tuesday night . Baltimore has won five of six and has won six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven and are 2 - 5 against the Orioles this season . Berken ( 4 - 11 ) gave up two runs and five hits in five innings , striking out five and walking three . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.91 ERA in his last five starts . Felix Pie went 3 - for - 5 with a homer and three RBIs for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Roberto Hernandez ( 3 - 9 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings for the Indians , who have lost four of five . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Markakis had three hits , including a three - run homer off Jess Todd in the seventh that made it 13 - 3 . In the bottom half , Pie hit a run - scoring single and Markakis hit a three - run homer to make it 13 - 3 . Pie hit an RBI single in the bottom half , and Markakis hit a three - run homer off Jensen Lewis in the seventh to make it 13 - 3 . It was the first time this season the Orioles hit back - to - back home runs . Baltimore went up 5 - 2 in the second when Wieters hit a two - out RBI double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Andy Marte . Jhonny Peralta put the Indians up 1 - 0 in the first with a two - out RBI single . In the bottom half , Ty Wigginton walked and scored on a double by Wieters . Baltimore went up 5 - 2 in the bottom half . Asdrubal Cabrera led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Andy Marte .
BOSTON -- David Ortiz was n't surprised to see the Boston Red Sox come back . Ortiz hit a pair of solo homers in the eighth inning , and the Red Sox beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 2 on Tuesday night to end a three - game losing streak . Ortiz hit his second homer of the game in the eighth inning off Tony Ramirez ( 6 - 5 ) to tie it at 2 . It was Ortiz 's second multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . It was the first game - ending homer of his career . Ortiz hit a solo shot off Ramon Ramirez in the eighth to tie it at 2 . It was Ortiz 's second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 29 , 2011 , against the White Sox . Daniel Bard ( 1 - 1 ) struck out three in 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Ramon Ramirez gave up Scott Podsednik 's pinch - hit homer in the eighth , but the White Sox tied it in the bottom half on Ortiz 's second homer of the game , a two - run shot off Ramon Ramirez that tied it at 2 . It was the second multihomer game of the season for the Red Sox , who have won five of six . Alex Gonzalez homered for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Chicago starter Tim Wakefield allowed one run and six hits in seven innings , striking out three and walking one . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Paul Konerko hit a two - out RBI triple into the right - field corner . The White Sox tied it in the bottom of the second on Gonzalez 's homer into the right - field seats . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom half on Gonzalez 's first homer of the season , a solo shot to left that tied it at 1 . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom of the inning on Gonzalez 's first homer of the season , a solo shot into the Green Monster seats .
ATLANTA -- The San Diego Padres had a chance to take the lead in the ninth inning . David Eckstein hit a go - ahead double with two outs and the bases loaded , and the Padres beat the Atlanta Braves 2 - 1 on Tuesday night to end a four - game losing streak . David Eckstein drove in the tying run with a ground - rule double off Kris Medlen ( 3 - 4 ) , and David Eckstein followed with an RBI double . Joe Thatcher ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win and Edward Mujica struck out the side in the 12th for his second save . Adrian Gonzalez hit a solo homer in the third inning for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Atlanta 's Jair Jurrjens gave up five hits , one run , four walks and struck out seven in 7 2/3 innings . The right - hander struck out seven , walked four and hit a batter . Atlanta 's Mat Latos allowed two hits and no runs in seven innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Atlanta 's Adam LaRoche tied it in the ninth with an RBI single off Heath Bell , who blew his first save opportunity of the season . Bell gave up a leadoff single to Reid Hundley and walked Garret Anderson to load the bases before striking out Chase Headley and retiring Rodriguez on a fly ball to end the game . It was the first time the Padres had scored a run in the ninth inning this season . The Braves had runners on first and second with one out in the bottom of the 10th , but Peter Moylan struck out pinch - hitter Greg Norton to end the threat .
ATLANTA -- Brian McCann has been waiting for the Atlanta Braves this season . McCann hit a three - run homer and drove in a career - high five runs to lead the Atlanta Braves to a 7 - 5 victory over the Florida Marlins on Tuesday night . The Braves took two of three from the Marlins , who have won six of their last seven games . McCann had three hits , including a two - run homer off Kiko Calero ( 2 - 2 ) in the first inning that gave the Braves a 3 - 0 lead . The Braves took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Cody Ross and a two - run homer by Ronny Paulino . The Marlins took a 3 - 0 lead in the first . Dan Uggla led off with a single , stole second and scored on Paulino 's groundout . The Marlins tied it in the second on a two - out RBI single by Reid Cantu . The Marlins tied it at 3 in the second on a two - out , two - run homer by McCann . The Braves took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out , two - run homer by McCann . The Marlins tied it at 3 in the second on an RBI double by Paulino and a sacrifice fly by Reid Cantu . Lowe gave up nine hits and five runs , three earned , in five innings . Peter Moylan ( 6 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth for his 20th save in 23 chances . The Marlins had a chance to tie it in the eighth , loading the bases with one out . But Soriano got Hanley Ramirez to ground into a game - ending double play . Hanley Ramirez had three hits for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Nolasco allowed four runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four .
SAN DIEGO -- The St. Louis Cardinals have been waiting for someone to get back into the game . Chris Carpenter pitched seven innings of three - hit ball , Matt Holliday hit a three - run homer and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the San Diego Padres 7 - 0 on Tuesday night . Carpenter ( 14 - 3 ) allowed three hits , walked three and struck out six . The right - hander was coming off a three - hit shutout of San Diego in his previous start , a 3 - 0 win over the Los Angeles Dodgers . Rasmus led off the fourth with a home run to right - center off Kevin Correia ( 8 - 10 ) , who allowed five runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting for the Kansas City Royals to find a way to win . Jason Kubel drove in three runs , Brian Duensing pitched five effective innings and the Twins beat the Kansas City Royals 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Duensing ( 1 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in five - plus innings , striking out three and walking one . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his past six starts . The Twins have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Royals have lost six of seven . Davies ( 4 - 9 ) gave up six runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out six . Cuddyer led off the second inning with a home run , his third of the season , to give the Twins a 1 - 0 lead . Kubel 's two - out , two - run double in the third gave the Twins a 3 - 0 lead , and DeJesus ' two - out , two - run double in the sixth gave the Twins a 6 - 2 lead . The Twins scored two runs in the seventh to take a 7 - 4 lead . Miguel Olivo had a two - run double and Brendan Harris an RBI single , and Kubel 's run - scoring single made it 6 - 2 . The Twins scored twice in the seventh to take a 7 - 4 lead . Alberto Callaspo led off the inning with a double and scored on Yuniesky Betancourt 's groundout . Cuddyer 's homer in the second gave the Royals a 2 - 0 lead , and DeJesus ' two - out , two - run double in the fifth made it 6 - 2 .
CHICAGO -- Brian Roberts and the Baltimore Orioles did n't need much offense . Roberts hit a tiebreaking two - run homer in the eighth inning , Jeremy Guthrie pitched seven strong innings and the Orioles beat the Chicago White Sox 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Roberts hit a two - run shot off Gavin Floyd ( 10 - 8 ) in the eighth inning to give the Orioles a 3 - 1 lead . It was Roberts ' second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 29 , 2011 , against the White Sox . Roberts hit a solo homer in the fourth and a two - run shot in the eighth to give the Orioles a 3 - 1 lead . Roberts tied it at 1 in the fourth with a solo shot to left - center . It was Roberts ' second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 29 , 2011 , against the Chicago White Sox . Guthrie ( 8 - 12 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out two and walked two . The White Sox have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their current 10 - game road trip . The White Sox have lost six of seven . Floyd , who had won his previous three starts , gave up four runs and seven hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The White Sox have lost six of their last seven games . The White Sox have lost six of their last seven games . The White Sox have lost six of their last seven games . The White Sox have lost six of seven .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres have been waiting for a long time to find a way to win . Kyle Blanks hit a two - run homer , Derrek Lee also went deep and the Padres beat Ryan Dempster and the Chicago Cubs 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Dempster ( 6 - 7 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out 10 and walked three . The Cubs ' Cesar Carrillo ( 1 - 1 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings , struck out two and walked four . Heath Bell pitched a perfect ninth for his 30th save in 33 chances . The Padres have won four of five . Gonzalez hit a solo homer in the fifth to give San Diego a 4 - 3 lead . It was his third homer of the season and second in two games . The Padres tied the game at 3 in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Alfonso Soriano and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Chase Headley . Kouzmanoff had three hits , including a two - out RBI single in the first . The Padres tied it at 1 in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Kouzmanoff , who had three hits and drove in two runs . Derrek Lee hit a solo homer in the first inning for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . The Cubs tied the game at 1 in the bottom of the first on a two - out RBI single by Kouzmanoff , who had three hits and drove in two runs . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Kouzmanoff , who had three hits and drove in two runs . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Kouzmanoff , who was 3 - for - 4 with two RBIs . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Kouzmanoff .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- David Ortiz and the Texas Rangers finally got a win . David Ortiz hit a solo homer in the second inning and the Rangers beat the Boston Red Sox 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Dustin Pedroia and Taylor Teagarden also homered for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Dustin Nippert ( 4 - 1 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Frank Francisco pitched a perfect ninth for his 17th save in 21 chances . Junichi Tazawa ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in five innings for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Kinsler hit a solo homer in the second , his third of the season , to tie the game at 1 in the bottom of the inning . It was the third time this season the Rangers have hit back - to - back homers . Ortiz hit a solo shot in the second , his 12th of the season , to tie the game at 1 in the bottom of the inning . It was the third time this season the Rangers have hit back - to - back homers . Kinsler 's solo homer in the second gave the Rangers a 1 - 0 lead . Ortiz led off the bottom of the second with a homer to left - center , his 14th of the season , to tie the game at 1 . It was the first homer allowed by Tazawa in five starts this season . Teagarden led off the sixth with his first homer of the season , a towering shot that landed in the second deck of seats in right field . It was Teagarden 's fourth of the season and second in two games . Kinsler 's solo homer in the seventh made it 4 - 3 .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Julio Borbon had a career - high four hits , and the Texas Rangers beat the Boston Red Sox 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Julio Borbon had four hits and three RBIs , and Elvis Andrus had three hits and three stolen bases for the Rangers . Derek Holland ( 6 - 7 ) allowed two runs and seven hits over 6 2/3 innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out three and walked two . Neftali Feliz pitched the final two innings for his first save . Brad Penny ( 7 - 7 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Victor Martinez homered for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Boston has lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Boston has lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost six of seven and are 5 - 1 against the AL West this season . Jason Bay homered and Josh Hamilton had a two - run single for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Kinsler led off the second with his third homer of the season and second in two games . Borbon added a run - scoring single in the second , and Martinez 's solo homer in the fifth cut the deficit to 4 - 2 . Victor Martinez hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Boston has scored only 14 runs in its last six games . The Red Sox had a chance to score in the third when Andrus had a leadoff single and scored on a sacrifice fly by Marlon Byrd . But Holland struck out the next two batters to end the inning .
BALTIMORE -- The Los Angeles Angels have been waiting for a long time to make the playoffs . John Lackey pitched seven solid innings , Chone Figgins had three hits and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Baltimore Orioles 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Lackey ( 8 - 5 ) allowed one run and seven hits in seven innings , striking out six and walking one . The right - hander has won his last three starts , but has won his last three starts . Brian Fuentes worked a perfect ninth for his 33rd save in 38 chances . The Orioles have lost four straight and seven of eight . Brian Matusz ( 1 - 2 ) gave up five runs , four earned , and 11 hits in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander struck out seven and walked three . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the third on an RBI single by Juan Rivera and a run - scoring single by Howie Kendrick . The Orioles added two runs in the third . Vladimir Guerrero drew a bases - loaded walk and Robb Quinlan followed with a run - scoring single . Nick Markakis hit an RBI double in the bottom half to make it 5 - 0 . Lackey allowed one run and seven hits in seven innings , striking out six and walking one . The right - hander was 0 - 3 in his previous four starts . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI single by Howie Kendrick and a run - scoring single by Robb Quinlan . Baltimore went up 5 - 0 in the third on a run - scoring single by Juan Rivera and a run - scoring single by Howie Kendrick .
MILWAUKEE -- Ryan Braun is n't going to be a part of the Milwaukee Brewers ' starting rotation . Braun hit two of Milwaukee 's four home runs , Yovani Gallardo pitched six strong innings and the Brewers beat the Houston Astros 11 - 2 on Wednesday night . Braun hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the second . Braun hit a two - run shot in the first inning off Wandy Rodriguez ( 11 - 7 ) , who gave up a career - high 10 runs and 10 hits in four innings . He walked five and struck out four . Gallardo ( 11 - 9 ) gave up two runs and three hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . The right - hander had been 0 - 3 in his last five starts , including a 4 - 2 loss to the Brewers on Monday . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost seven of their last 10 games . The Astros have lost seven of their last 10 games . The Astros have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Astros have lost six of seven . Rodriguez hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a solo shot in the second . He also hit a two - run shot in the first inning off Wandy Rodriguez ( 11 - 7 ) , who gave up 10 runs and 10 hits in four innings . He walked five and struck out four . Lopez had three hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in three runs . Lopez had three hits , including a three - run homer in the first , and a three - run homer in the inning . Braun hit a two - run shot in the first , and Lopez added a three - run shot in the inning . Braun hit a solo homer in the second , his second of the season , to make it 9 - 0 .
BOSTON -- Justin Verlander was n't surprised by the Detroit Tigers ' lack of offense . Verlander pitched eight innings of four - hit ball , Ryan Raburn hit a solo homer and the Tigers beat the Boston Red Sox 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 13 - 6 ) allowed four hits , struck out eight and walked one . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 24th save . Clay Buchholz ( 1 - 3 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and five hits in seven innings for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Raburn hit a solo homer in the seventh off Clay Cabrera to make it 2 - 0 . Ryan Raburn hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Verlander ( 13 - 6 ) allowed four hits , struck out eight and walked one . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Miguel Cabrera led off with a double and scored on Raburn 's single . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on a two - out single by Victor Martinez . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Raburn hit a two - out homer into the right - field seats . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Magglio Ordonez walked and scored on Raburn 's single . Raburn 's solo homer in the seventh made it 2 - 0 . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Adam Everett led off with a double and scored on Raburn 's single .
NEW YORK -- Robinson Cano and the New York Yankees are on a roll . Cano hit a game - ending RBI single in the 11th inning and the Yankees beat the Toronto Blue Jays 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Robinson Cano hit a two - run homer off Shawn Camp ( 1 - 6 ) in the fourth , and Randy Ruiz hit a solo shot in the fourth to give the Yankees a 2 - 1 lead . Toronto tied it at 3 in the sixth on Jorge Posada 's RBI groundout . Chad Gaudin ( 5 - 10 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Brandon League pitched three scoreless innings for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Johnny Damon and Randy Ruiz homered for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Toronto starter A. J. Burnett gave up three runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Toronto starter Ricky Romero gave up three runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Edwin Encarnacion hit a one - out single , stole second and scored on Marco Scutaro 's two - out single . Damon led off the second with his 16th homer and Ruiz followed with a drive to right - center for a 3 - 1 lead . Toronto tied it at 3 in the sixth on a run - scoring single by Jorge Posada and a run - scoring single by Raul Chavez . The Blue Jays tied it at 3 in the sixth on an RBI single by Raul Chavez .
ATLANTA -- Tommy Hanson has been the Atlanta Braves ' starting rotation since the All-Star break . Hanson struck out nine in 6 2/3 innings , Chipper Jones homered and the Braves beat the Washington Nationals 8 - 1 on Tuesday night . Hanson ( 7 - 2 ) gave up one run and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . The Braves have won five of their last six games . The Braves have lost six of seven . John Lannan ( 8 - 9 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out one . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Nyjer Morgan led off with a single , stole second and scored on Ryan Church 's double . Atlanta took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Brian McCann 's RBI single and Yunel Escobar 's run - scoring double . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Ryan Church 's RBI single and a run - scoring groundout by Adam Dunn . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Ryan Church and a run - scoring double by Nyjer Morgan . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Ryan Church and a run - scoring double by Matt Diaz . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Nyjer Morgan 's leadoff double and a run - scoring single by Ryan Church . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Ryan Church and a run - scoring double by Jones .
DETROIT -- Michael Cuddyer was n't sure what to expect from the Detroit Tigers . Cuddyer homered twice and drove in three runs , Carlos Guillen had three hits and the Tigers rallied to beat the Minnesota Twins 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Cuddyer hit a solo homer in the ninth off Fernando Rodney to give the Tigers a 7 - 6 lead . Cuddyer hit a solo homer in the ninth off Fernando Rodney to make it 8 - 7 . Placido Polanco had three hits and drove in a run for the Twins , who have won four of five . Brandon Lyon ( 5 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Fernando Rodney gave up a solo homer to Miguel Cabrera in the ninth before finishing for his 23rd save . Matt Guerrier ( 5 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and two hits in one - plus innings . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Magglio Ordonez hit a two - out double and scored on Mike Redmond 's single . Delmon Young led off the fourth with his sixth homer of the season , and Thames led off the inning with his third homer of the season . The Tigers tied it in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Ramon Santiago , but the Twins tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Brandon Inge and a two - run triple by Alexi Casilla . The Twins tied it in the sixth on a two - run homer by Thames , and Cabrera 's two - run shot in the fifth made it 6 - 3 . Baker gave up six runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros have been waiting for Wandy Rodriguez to find his form . Rodriguez pitched seven innings of five - hit ball , Geoff Blum hit a two - run homer and the Astros held on for a 2 - 0 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Rodriguez ( 11 - 6 ) allowed five hits and struck out three in seven innings to win for the first time in four starts . Jose Valverde got four outs for his 15th save . Yovani Gallardo ( 10 - 9 ) allowed two runs and six hits with four strikeouts in seven innings . Blum hit a two - run homer in the fourth off Yovani Gallardo ( 10 - 9 ) , who gave up two runs and six hits with four strikeouts in seven innings . Blum hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Astros a 2 - 0 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Gallardo this season . Blum hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Astros a 2 - 0 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Gallardo this season . Blum hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Astros a 2 - 0 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Gallardo this season . The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the second , but Rodriguez escaped the jam by striking out Jason Michaels to end the inning . The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the second , but Rodriguez struck out Jason Michaels and retired Casey McGehee on a fly to center . The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the second , but Rodriguez struck out Jason Michaels to end the inning .
DENVER -- Ryan Dempster was n't quite as sharp as he was in his first start against the Colorado Rockies . The Chicago Cubs ' right - hander gave up five runs -- two earned -- and nine hits in six innings to lead the Cubs to a 6 - 5 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Dempster ( 6 - 5 ) allowed five runs -- two earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Kosuke Fukudome hit a solo homer in the seventh and Clint Barmes added a solo shot in the seventh . Kevin Gregg pitched a perfect ninth for his 22nd save in 24 chances . Jason Marquis ( 12 - 8 ) allowed five runs and eight hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out four . Derrek Lee hit a solo homer for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Colorado tied it at 4 in the sixth on Milton Bradley 's RBI single . The Cubs tied it at 4 in the sixth on a two - out , two - run single by Ryan Theriot and a two - out , two - run single by Brad Hawpe . The Cubs tied it at 4 in the sixth on a two - out , two - run single by Omar Quintanilla and a run - scoring single by Ryan Theriot . The Rockies took a 4 - 2 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Todd Helton and a run - scoring single by Brad Hawpe . The Rockies tied it in the bottom half on a run - scoring double by Ian Stewart and a two - run homer by Fukudome .
PHILADELPHIA -- Ricky Nolasco has been a tough - luck loser for the Florida Marlins . Ben Francisco hit a two - run homer , Ricky Nolasco pitched seven strong innings and the Marlins beat the Philadelphia Phillies 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Nolasco ( 8 - 7 ) allowed two runs and four hits , striking out seven and walking two . The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 2.25 ERA in his last four starts . The Marlins have won six of their last seven games and have won six of their last seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Joe Blanton ( 7 - 6 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Phillies , who have lost five of six . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place New York Mets in the NL East . Nick Johnson hit a solo homer in the first inning for the Phillies , who have lost five of six . Ross Gload went 0 - for - 4 and is hitless in his last 16 at - bats . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Ross Gload went 0 - for - 4 and is hitless in his last 16 at - bats . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Ross Gload went 0 - for - 4 , ending his career - best hitting streak at 20 games -- longest in the majors this season . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Ross Gload went 0 - for - 4 and is hitless in his last 16 at - bats . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Ross Gload went 0 - for - 4 and is hitless in his last 16 at - bats .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals have been waiting for a long time to find a way to win . Mark Teahen drove in three runs , Bruce Chen pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Royals beat the Seattle Mariners 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Adrian Beltre had four hits and Alberto Callaspo had two hits and drove in a run for the Royals , who have won four of five . Billy Butler hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Mike Sweeney added a solo shot in the fourth . Chen ( 1 - 6 ) gave up two runs and 10 hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out four . The Royals have lost six of seven . Vargas ( 3 - 6 ) gave up eight runs and nine hits in seven innings . He walked three and did not strike out a batter for the third time in his last four starts . The Mariners scored five runs in the first inning to take a 5 - 0 lead . Mark Teahen hit a two - run double and Yuniesky Betancourt followed with a run - scoring double to make it 5 - 0 . Butler hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Alberto Callaspo added a run - scoring single in the fifth to give the Royals a 5 - 0 lead . It was the first time the Royals had scored at least eight runs in a game this season . Alberto Callaspo had an RBI single in the fifth , and Alberto Callaspo had an RBI single in the fifth to make it 8 - 2 . Chen ( 1 - 6 ) gave up two runs and 10 hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out four .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Tampa Bay manager Joe Maddon was ejected in the ninth inning for arguing a called third strike . Evan Longoria hit a two - run homer with two outs in the 13th inning to lift the Rays to a 4 - 2 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night . The Rays , who have lost four of five , took a 2 - 0 lead in the sixth . Michel Hernandez drew a one - out walk from Takashi Saito ( 2 - 3 ) , stole second and scored on Jason Bartlett 's single . Longoria tied it at 2 with a solo homer in the eighth off Daniel Bard . Lance Cormier ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Dustin Pedroia homered for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Boston starter Matt Garza gave up two runs and three hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out six . The Red Sox , who have lost three of their last four , fell to 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . Tampa Bay 's Jon Lester gave up one run and three hits in six innings . He struck out 10 , walked two and hit a batter . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the sixth on a solo homer by Kevin Youkilis and a run - scoring single by Josh Reddick . Tampa Bay went ahead 1 - 0 on Jason Bartlett 's RBI single in the seventh . Longoria tied it at 2 in the eighth with a solo homer off Daniel Bard , who was making his major league debut . Longoria tied it at 2 with a solo homer off Daniel Bard in the eighth .
NEW YORK -- Dan Haren had a big night at the plate and Mark Reynolds hit two home runs to help the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the New York Mets 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Haren ( 11 - 6 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked one . Reynolds hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the second , giving the Diamondbacks a 6 - 0 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Reynolds , who hit a two - run shot in the second inning to give the Diamondbacks a 6 - 0 lead . Miguel Montero also homered for the Diamondbacks , who have won five of six . Figueroa ( 0 - 2 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in 1 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked one and struck out none . Gerardo Parra had three hits and drove in a run for the Mets , who have lost five of six . Chad Qualls worked a perfect ninth for his 20th save in 22 chances . The Mets have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Jarrod Saltalamacchia had a chance to get the Texas Rangers in the game . Saltalamacchia hit a tiebreaking , two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Rangers beat the Seattle Mariners 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit a two - run homer in the seventh off Sean White ( 2 - 2 ) , and Michael Young and David Murphy also went deep for the Rangers . Feldman ( 10 - 4 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . C. J. Wilson worked the ninth for his 13th save in 14 chances . Sean White ( 2 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and two hits in one inning . Seattle starter Ian Snell gave up two runs and three hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out four . The Mariners had a chance to tie the game 1 - all in the sixth when Saltalamacchia hit a two - out , two - run homer off Rangers reliever Shawn Kelley to tie the game at 2 . It was the third time this season the Rangers have hit back - to - back home runs . Young 's homer in the bottom of the sixth tied the game at 2 - all . It was the third time this season the Rangers have hit back - to - back home runs . Young 's solo shot in the sixth gave the Rangers a 4 - 2 lead . It was the third time this season the Rangers have hit back - to - back homers . Saltalamacchia hit a two - run shot in the seventh to give the Rangers a 4 - 2 lead . It was Saltalamacchia 's 14th homer of the season and second in two games . It was the fourth time this season the Rangers have hit back - to - back home runs . Saltalamacchia hit a two - run shot in the seventh to give the Rangers a 4 - 2 lead . It was the first homer for Saltalamacchia , who hit a three - run shot in Friday night 's 4 - 2 win over the Mariners . Murphy 's homer in the first gave the Rangers a 1 - 0 lead . The Rangers tied it at 1 in the sixth on a run - scoring single by Jose Lopez .
CLEVELAND -- Carl Pavano gave the Cleveland Indians exactly what they needed . Pavano pitched eight strong innings , Asdrubal Cabrera hit a two - run homer and the Indians beat the Detroit Tigers 11 - 1 on Tuesday night . Pavano ( 9 - 8 ) allowed one run and six hits in eight innings , striking out four and walking one . The right - hander has won his last three starts against the Tigers , who have won four of five . The right - hander has won his last three starts and has not allowed a run in 13 innings over his last three starts . Pavano ( 5 - 10 ) allowed eight runs -- eight earned -- and 11 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Grady Sizemore hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . The Indians have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Tigers have lost six of seven . Detroit has lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of seven . Detroit has lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of seven . Detroit has lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Progressive Field since July 26 - 29 , 2011 . The Tigers have lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of seven .
PITTSBURGH -- Andrew McCutchen had a career - high three homers and drove in a career - high six runs as the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Washington Nationals 11 - 6 on Tuesday night . McCutchen had a career - high six RBIs , including a two - run homer in the fourth inning , and a three - run shot in the sixth . He also had a two - run shot in the fourth and a three - run homer in the sixth . McCutchen also had a two - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the sixth . McCutchen had a two - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the sixth . He also had a two - run shot in the fourth , a two - run shot in the fourth and a three - run homer in the sixth . McCutchen also had a two - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the sixth . McCutchen had a two - run homer in the fourth , a two - run shot in the sixth and a three - run shot in the sixth . He also had a two - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the sixth . McCutchen had a two - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the sixth . He had a two - run homer in the sixth and a three - run shot in the sixth . McCutchen had a two - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the sixth . He had a two - run homer in the sixth and a three - run shot in the sixth . McCutchen had a two - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the sixth . He had a two - run homer in the sixth and a three - run shot in the sixth . McCutchen had a two - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the sixth . He has three home runs in his last three games .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- The Colorado Rockies have n't been able to find a way to get back to the playoffs . Ubaldo Jimenez pitched eight solid innings , Seth Smith hit a solo homer and the Colorado Rockies beat the Cincinnati Reds 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Jimenez ( 8 - 9 ) gave up two runs and five hits in eight innings , striking out eight and walking none . The right - hander has won his last three starts against the Reds , who have won three of four . The Rockies have won four of five . Colorado 's Homer Bailey ( 2 - 3 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . Jonny Gomes homered for the Reds , who have lost five of six . Cincinnati has lost five of six . The Rockies have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Reds have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park since July 26 - 29 , 2011 . The Rockies have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost six of seven . They 've lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost six of seven . They 've lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost six of their last seven games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park this season . The Reds have won five of their last six games against the Reds , who have the worst record in the majors . They 've lost six of their last seven games . They have n't won a road series since a three - game winning streak from July 26 - 29 . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park this season .
SEATTLE -- Ken Griffey Jr. had a big night at the Seattle Mariners ' clubhouse . Griffey hit a three - run homer in the first inning and Brandon Morrow pitched eight innings of one - hit ball to lead the Seattle Mariners to a 7 - 0 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . Griffey hit a three - run homer off Clayton Mortensen ( 2 - 4 ) in the first inning , giving the Mariners a 3 - 0 lead . Griffey hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a three - run shot in the second inning off Oakland reliever Jeff Gray . It was the first home run by a Mariners pitcher in his career . Morrow ( 2 - 4 ) struck out nine and walked two in his longest outing of the season . He struck out nine , walked two and threw 70 of his 105 pitches for strikes . He struck out nine , walked two and hit a batter . The Mariners have lost six of seven . Oakland has lost six of seven . The A 's have lost six of seven . Oakland has lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven . Oakland has lost six of seven . The A 's have lost six of seven . Oakland has lost six of seven . The A 's have lost six of seven . Mortensen ( 2 - 4 ) allowed six runs , six earned , and eight hits in a 1 - 2 - 3 innings . He walked none and struck out a season - high six . The A 's have lost six of their past eight games . Oakland has lost six of seven .
DENVER -- Prince Fielder and Carlos Gonzalez hit back - to - back home runs in the second inning , and the Colorado Rockies beat the Milwaukee Brewers 10 - 6 on Tuesday night . Prince Fielder and Casey McGehee also homered for the Rockies , who have won five of six . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Brewers have lost five of six and are a season - high 16 games over .500 . The Brewers have lost five of six and are a season - high 16 games over .500 . They have n't been to the playoffs since the end of the 2007 season , when they won the first two games of the three - game series . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games and have n't won a road series since they dropped eight in a row from July 22 - 29 , 2011 . The Rockies have lost five of six and are a season - high 16 games over .500 . They have n't been to the playoffs since the end of the 2007 season , when they won the first two games of the three - game series . The Rockies have won 10 of their last 13 games against the Brewers , who have the best record in the majors . The Rockies have lost six of seven . They have n't won a road series since a three - game winning streak from July 26 - 29 . The Brewers have lost five of six and are a season - high 16 games over .500 . They have n't been to the playoffs since the end of the 2007 season , when they won the first two games of the three - game series . The Rockies have won 10 of their last 13 games against the Brewers , who have the best record in the majors . The Rockies have lost six of seven . They have n't won a road series since a three - game winning streak from July 26 - 29 . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Suppan ( 7 - 12 ) allowed eight runs -- eight earned -- and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked one .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- The St. Louis Cardinals had a chance to get back into the game . Laynce Nix hit a grand slam and Bronson Arroyo took a four - hitter into the ninth inning , leading the Cincinnati Reds to a 6 - 1 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Arroyo ( 15 - 13 ) allowed one run and four hits in 8 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Cardinals have won five of their last six games . The Cardinals have lost seven of their last 10 games . They 've lost five of their last six games . The Cardinals have lost seven of their last 10 games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park this season . The Cardinals have lost six of their last seven games . Smoltz ( 3 - 8 ) gave up six runs and six hits in four - plus innings . He walked five and struck out three . The Cardinals have lost five of their last six games . The Cardinals have lost five of their last six games . The Cardinals have lost six of their last seven games . The Cardinals have lost five of their last six games . The Cardinals have lost six of their last seven games . The Cardinals have lost six of their last seven games . The Cardinals have lost six of their last seven games . The Cardinals have lost six of their last seven games . The Cardinals have lost five of their last six games . The Cardinals have lost five of their last six games .
ATLANTA -- Ricky Nolasco has been a big part of the Florida Marlins ' rotation . Nolasco struck out a career - high 16 in 7 2/3 innings , and the Florida Marlins beat the Atlanta Braves 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Nolasco ( 13 - 9 ) allowed two unearned runs and four hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out a season - high 16 and walked two . The Marlins have won six of their last seven games . Florida 's Javier Vazquez ( 15 - 10 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in six innings . The right - hander struck out nine and did n't walk a batter . Ross Gload hit a two - run homer in the fifth for a 5 - 0 lead . Adam LaRoche had a two - run single in the seventh to make it 5 - 2 . Yunel Escobar had an RBI single and pinch - hitter Omar Infante drove in a run with a pinch - hit single in the ninth . Leo Nunez gave up two unearned runs in the ninth to make it 5 - 2 . Leo Nunez gave up two unearned runs in the ninth to make it 5 - 2 . Leo Nunez gave up an RBI single to Yunel Escobar and a run - scoring single to Jorge Cantu , who had three hits . Brendan Donnelly came on to strike out pinch - hitter Brooks Conrad with runners on first and second to end the game . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the third . Chris Coghlan led off with a single , stole second and scored on Cantu 's single . Dan Uggla followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 0 . Gload 's two - run homer off Javier Vazquez ( 15 - 10 ) in the fifth gave the Marlins a 5 - 0 lead . Vazquez allowed eight hits and five runs -- three earned -- in six innings . He struck out nine without a walk .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) -- Matt Cain has been the San Francisco Giants ' ace since the All-Star break . Cain pitched eight innings of three - hit ball , Eli Whiteside drove in two runs and the San Francisco Giants beat the Chicago Cubs 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Cain ( 14 - 7 ) allowed three hits , walked two and struck out eight to win for the first time in four starts . The right - hander was 0 - 3 in his previous five starts . The right - hander allowed three hits in eight innings , struck out eight and walked two . Brian Wilson got the final out in the ninth for his 37th save . Randy Wells ( 11 - 10 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Cubs , who have lost five of six . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their current 10 - game homestand . The Cubs have lost five of six and have been shut out three times this season . The Cubs have lost seven of their past nine games . They have n't won consecutive games since a three - game winning streak from July 26 - 29 . The Cubs have lost seven of their past nine games . They have n't won consecutive games since a three - game winning streak from July 26 - 29 . The Cubs have lost five of six and have been shut out three times this season . The Cubs have lost six of their past eight games and have n't won consecutive games since a three - game winning streak from July 26 - 29 .
NEW YORK -- The New York Yankees are on the verge of a playoff berth . CC Sabathia pitched seven innings of one - hit ball , Robinson Cano homered and the New York Yankees beat the Boston Red Sox 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Sabathia ( 19 - 7 ) allowed one hit in seven innings , striking out eight and walking two . The right - hander was 0 - 2 with a < unk > ERA in his previous four starts . Mariano Rivera pitched the ninth for his 43rd save . Daisuke Matsuzaka ( 3 - 6 ) gave up one run and six hits in seven innings . He walked five and struck out three . Robinson Cano homered for the second straight game , and Johnny Damon added a two - run single in the eighth for the Yankees , who have won three of four . New York has won six of seven . The Red Sox have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place New York Yankees in the AL East . The Red Sox have lost six of seven and are 2 1/2 games behind the first - place New York Yankees in the AL East . The Red Sox have lost six of seven and are a half - game behind the Yankees for the second AL wild - card spot . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost six of seven and are 2 1/2 games behind the first - place New York Yankees in the AL East . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost six of seven and are 2 1/2 games behind first - place Boston in the AL East .
HOUSTON -- Cincinnati manager Dusty Baker was impressed with his team 's 10 - 4 win over the Houston Astros on Wednesday night . Jay Bruce homered and drove in three runs , Joey Votto had three hits and scored three runs , and the Reds beat the Houston Astros 10 - 4 . Laynce Nix hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Miguel Tejada added a solo shot in the third to give the Reds a 2 - 0 lead . Lehr ( 5 - 2 ) allowed four runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . Hunter Pence homered for the Astros , who have lost five of six . Felipe Paulino ( 2 - 11 ) allowed eight runs and nine hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out three . Juan Francisco had a two - run single and Corky Miller added a two - run double for the Reds , who have won five of six . Cincinnati has lost five of six . The Astros have lost six of seven . Houston starter Mike Hampton , who was recalled from Triple-A Oklahoma City before the game , is scheduled to make his first start of the season on Thursday . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost seven of their last 10 games . The Astros have lost seven of their last 10 games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . Houston starter 5 - 0 in the fifth inning , when the Astros loaded the bases with no outs . But the right - hander retired the next three batters to end the inning . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a double by Bruce and a two - run single by Juan Francisco . Nix 's sacrifice fly in the third pushed the lead to 5 - 1 . Nix 's sacrifice fly in the third pushed the lead to 5 - 1 . Nix 's sacrifice fly in the third made it 5 - 1 , and Tejada added an RBI single in the fifth .
CLEVELAND -- Roberto Hernandez has been the Cleveland Indians ' most consistent starter since the All-Star break . Carmona pitched six strong innings , Nick Markakis hit a solo homer and the Indians beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Carmona ( 4 - 12 ) allowed two runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 2.25 ERA in his last five starts . Lou Marson doubled in two runs in the fifth to make it 3 - 1 . Luis Valbuena tied it with a solo homer in the sixth , and Nick Markakis led off the sixth with a solo shot . Cleveland 's David Hernandez ( 4 - 9 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in six innings . The right - hander struck out five and walked one . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Michael Aubrey 's two - out RBI single . Baltimore took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Michael Aubrey and a run - scoring double by Lou Scott . Baltimore took a 3 - 1 lead in the fifth on a run - scoring double by Marson and a run - scoring single by Lou Marson . Baltimore took a 3 - 1 lead in the fifth on a run - scoring double by Michael Aubrey and a run - scoring single by Lou Marson . Baltimore took a 3 - 1 lead in the fifth on an RBI double by Marson and a run - scoring single by Michael Aubrey .
CLEVELAND -- Edwin Jackson is making the most of the opportunity for the Detroit Tigers . Jackson pitched seven scoreless innings , Ryan Raburn hit a solo homer and the Tigers beat the Cleveland Indians 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Jackson ( 13 - 7 ) allowed seven hits , walked three and struck out two . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 34th save . Aaron Laffey ( 7 - 7 ) gave up one run and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Indians , who have lost five of six . The Indians have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind first - place Detroit in the AL Central . Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double in the eighth made it 2 - 0 , and Jamey Carroll drew a bases - loaded walk to make it 3 - 0 . Shin-Soo Choo had three hits for the Tigers , who have lost five of six . The Indians have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the AL Central-leading White Sox . The Indians have lost six of their last seven games . The Indians have lost six of their last seven games and are 2 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . The Indians have lost seven of their last nine games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Progressive Field since July 26 - 29 , 2011 . The Indians have lost seven of their last eight games . The Indians have lost seven of their last nine games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Progressive Field since July 24 - 26 , 2011 . The Indians have lost six of seven .
NEW YORK -- Tim Redding did n't make it out of the seventh inning , and the New York Mets took advantage of the Washington Nationals ' bullpen . Redding allowed four hits in seven innings , Daniel Murphy drove in two runs and the Mets beat the Washington Nationals 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Redding ( 3 - 6 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth for his 32nd save . John Lannan ( 9 - 12 ) gave up three runs -- three earned -- and five hits in seven innings for the Nationals . He walked one and struck out three . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Adam Dunn 's RBI single , but the Mets tied it in the bottom half on Murphy 's RBI single . The Mets tied it in the seventh on an RBI single by Adam Dunn and a run - scoring single by Cristian Guzman . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when David Wright singled , stole second and scored on Murphy 's two - out single . Washington tied it in the seventh when Francoeur doubled and scored on Adam Dunn 's infield single . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Daniel Murphy . Washington tied it in the seventh on Dunn 's run - scoring single and a throwing error by third baseman Adam Dunn on a potential inning - ending double - play grounder . Washington tied it in the bottom half on Francoeur 's RBI double and Adam Dunn 's RBI single .
PHOENIX -- The Colorado Rockies have won three straight and five of six . Justin Upton hit a three - run homer , Troy Tulowitzki and Carlos Gonzalez also went deep and the Rockies beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . Hammel ( 9 - 8 ) gave up three runs and four hits , striking out five and walking two . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.99 ERA in his last four starts . The Rockies scored four runs in the fourth to take a 4 - 3 lead . Troy Tulowitzki and Carlos Gonzalez hit back - to - back home runs for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Scherzer had been 0 - 4 in his previous six starts . He gave up three hits , walked five and struck out six . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a sacrifice fly by Ian Stewart and a solo homer by Troy Tulowitzki . The Rockies scored three runs in the fourth to take a 4 - 3 lead . Chris Young led off with a double and scored on Tulowitzki 's two - out homer to left - center . Tulowitzki followed with a single and scored on Ian Stewart 's sacrifice fly to make it 4 - 3 . Scherzer ( 9 - 10 ) was charged with four runs -- three earned -- and three hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six , walked five and hit a batter . Gonzalez led off the game with a home run to left - center , his 14th of the season , and Tulowitzki followed with a solo shot to left . Gonzalez led off the game with a home run to left - center , his 12th of the season , and Tulowitzki followed with a two - out shot to left .
MILWAUKEE -- Trevor Hoffman 's 34th save in 38 chances came in the ninth inning , and the Milwaukee Brewers needed it . Casey McGehee singled in the go - ahead run in the eighth inning , and the Brewers beat the Houston Astros 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Trevor Hoffman pitched a perfect ninth for his 34th save in 38 chances . The Brewers have won five of six and have the worst record in the majors at 21 - 11 . The Astros have lost five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Astros have lost four of five . Houston starter Chris Narveson allowed one run and four hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out homer by Lance Berkman , but the Astros tied it in the third on a run - scoring single by Miguel Tejada and a run - scoring single by Corey Hart . Houston tied it in the sixth on a two - out RBI single by Felipe Lopez , who was 1 - for - 3 with three walks and an RBI . Milwaukee tied it in the seventh on a two - out single by Hunter Pence , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a triple . The Astros took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth on a run - scoring single by Michael Bourn and a run - scoring single by Corey Hart . Houston starter Bud Norris gave up one run and three hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out eight . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out homer by Berkman .
ST. LOUIS -- Dan Uggla hit a two - run homer for the Florida Marlins . Uggla hit a two - run homer , Sean West pitched six strong innings and the Marlins beat Adam Wainwright and the St. Louis Cardinals 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Wainwright ( 18 - 8 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked one . West ( 7 - 5 ) gave up one run and six hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked three . The Cardinals have won five of their last six games . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . Wainwright ( 18 - 8 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Cardinals have lost five of six and are 2 - 4 on their nine - game homestand . The Cardinals have lost six of seven and are 2 - 4 on their nine - game homestand . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost six of seven .
CINCINNATI -- Paul Janish had a chance to get his first career hit in the seventh inning , and the Cincinnati Reds took advantage . Janish had three hits , including a go - ahead double in the seventh inning , and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Houston Astros 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Paul Janish had three hits and drove in a run for the Reds , who have won four of five . The Astros have lost six of seven . Houston starter Roy Oswalt gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth for his 36th save in 38 chances . The Astros have won five of six . Matsui hit his first homer of the season , a solo shot in the third inning . Drew Stubbs homered for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Houston starter Kip Wells gave up four runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out one . The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a run - scoring single by Kazuo Matsui and a run - scoring single by Brandon Phillips . Miguel Tejada 's RBI single made it 2 - 0 , and Geoff Blum 's RBI single made it 3 - 0 . The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Joey Votto led off with a single , stole second and scored on Geoff Blum 's single . Matsui led off the third with his second homer of the season and first since July 26 . The Reds tied it at 4 in the sixth on Scott Rolen 's sacrifice fly .
SEATTLE -- The Chicago White Sox needed a strong outing from Freddy Garcia to beat the Seattle Mariners 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Ken Griffey Jr. hit a solo homer in the second inning and A. J. Pierzynski had a two - run single in the seventh for the White Sox . Freddy Garcia ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings for the White Sox . Bobby Jenks pitched the ninth for his 29th save in 31 chances . Shawn Kelley ( 4 - 3 ) retired the first batter he faced before Chris Getz reached on a fielder 's choice . Alexei Ramirez followed with a single to right , scoring Getz and Getz to score the go - ahead run . Paul Konerko followed with an RBI double to give the White Sox a 5 - 3 lead . Pierzynski had three hits , including a two - run single in the seventh that gave the White Sox a 5 - 3 lead . Seattle starter Ian Snell gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Mariners took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out , two - run double by Mark Kotsay and a run - scoring groundout by Jose Lopez . Chicago added three more in the fourth . Chris Getz led off with a double and scored on a single by Mike Carp . Pierzynski followed with a two - run single to give Chicago a 4 - 3 lead . Griffey led off the second inning with his 22nd home run of the season , a drive into the right - field seats . The White Sox added three more in the fourth on a two - run double by Mark Kotsay and an RBI groundout by Jose Lopez .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- Bronson Arroyo has been a big problem for the Houston Astros . Arroyo pitched seven solid innings , Jay Bruce had a two - run single and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Houston Astros 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Arroyo ( 13 - 12 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings , striking out six and walking none . The right - hander was 0 - 2 in his last four starts . The Reds have won five of their last six games . They 've won six of their last seven games . The Astros have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Astros have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Astros have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Astros have lost seven of their last nine games . The Astros have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Astros have lost seven of their last nine games . The Astros have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Astros have lost seven of their last nine games . The Astros have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Astros have lost six of their last seven games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park this season .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) -- Tim Lincecum has been the San Francisco Giants ' ace . Lincecum struck out 11 in seven innings , Eugenio Velez drove in four runs and the San Francisco Giants beat the Colorado Rockies 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Lincecum ( 14 - 5 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out a season - high 11 . Bengie Molina homered and drove in a run for the Giants , who have won four of five . Jason Hammel ( 8 - 8 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Rockies scored three runs in the second inning off Jason Hammel ( 8 - 8 ) . Aaron Rowand hit a two - run single and Travis Ishikawa followed with a two - run single to make it 3 - 0 . Velez hit a sacrifice fly in the second , and Molina homered in the third to make it 4 - 0 . The Giants added three more in the seventh on Velez 's sacrifice fly and Velez 's sacrifice fly . Jeremy Affeldt pitched the eighth and Joel Peralta gave up a run - scoring single to Fred Lewis in the eighth . Velez hit a two - run triple in the eighth and scored on Juan Uribe 's single . Uribe added an RBI single in the eighth and Velez added a three - run triple in the eighth to give the Giants a 9 - 1 lead . It was the third time this season the Rockies have hit back - to - back home runs . The Rockies have lost six of seven .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Billy Butler had two hits and drove in two runs , and the Kansas City Royals rallied to beat the Detroit Tigers 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Billy Raburn had three hits , including a home run , and drove in a run for the Royals , who have won four of five . Yasuhiko Yabuta ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 2 1/3 innings of two - hit relief for his first major league win . Joakim Soria pitched the ninth for his 23rd save in 27 opportunities . Bobby Seay ( 5 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and one hit in two - thirds of an inning . Detroit 's Rick Porcello gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . The right - hander struck out four and walked one . Ryan Raburn had three hits , including a home run , and drove in a run for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Detroit took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Aubrey Huff 's two - out , two - run single , but the Royals tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Brayan Pena and a run - scoring double by Alberto Callaspo . The Royals tied it in the third on a sacrifice fly by Magglio Ordonez and a sacrifice fly by Marcus Thames . The Tigers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Aubrey Huff 's two - run single and Raburn 's two - out homer . The Royals tied it in the third on a sacrifice fly by Brayan Pena , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a triple . The Royals tied it in the third on a sacrifice fly by Mitch Maier and a two - run single by Aubrey Huff . The Royals tied it in the third on a sacrifice fly by Brayan Pena , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a triple . The Royals tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Mike Jacobs . The Tigers tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Butler .
DENVER -- Jason Marquis was n't quite as sharp as he was in his previous start against the Cincinnati Reds . Marquis pitched into the eighth inning , Eric Young Jr. homered and the Colorado Rockies beat the Cincinnati Reds 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Marquis ( 15 - 10 ) allowed one run and four hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Eric Young Jr. had a pinch - hit single in the eighth and Joey Votto drove in a run with a groundout . Matt Maloney ( 0 - 4 ) gave up one run and four hits in five innings for the Reds . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter . Eric Young Jr. homered for the Rockies , who have lost five of six . The Rockies have lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Coors Field since July 24 - 26 , 2011 . The Rockies have lost six of seven . They have n't won a series since June 1 - 3 , a stretch that includes a three - game sweep at San Francisco . The Reds have won six of their last seven games and have n't won a road series since June 1 - 3 . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Coors Field since July 24 - 26 , 2011 . The Rockies have lost six of seven .
NEW YORK -- Nick Swisher and the rest of the New York Yankees have been waiting for a lot of home runs . Swisher hit a solo homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the Yankees to a 3 - 2 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Swisher connected off Dan Wheeler ( 4 - 4 ) with one out in the bottom of the ninth to give New York a 3 - 2 lead . Mariano Rivera ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Evan Longoria homered and Alex Rodriguez had an RBI single for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Rays starter David Price gave up two runs and three hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . Tampa Bay 's Jason Bartlett hit a solo homer in the seventh off Phil Hughes , and Nick Swisher hit a solo shot in the eighth to give the Rays a 2 - 1 lead . Swisher connected off Dan Wheeler ( 4 - 4 ) with one out in the bottom of the ninth to give the Yankees a 2 - 1 lead . It was the first time this season the Yankees have hit back - to - back homers . Swisher connected off Phil Niemann in the bottom of the eighth to give the Yankees a 2 - 1 lead . It was the first game - ending homer of the season for Swisher , who hit a three - run shot in Tuesday 's 6 - 4 win over the Tampa Bay Rays . It was the first walk - off homer of the season for Swisher , who hit a three - run shot in New York 's 3 - 2 win over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . It was the first walk - off homer of the season for Swisher , who hit a three - run shot in New York 's 3 - 2 win over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . The Yankees have won six of their past seven games , and the Rays have n't been swept in a three - game series at Yankee Stadium since July 26 - 29 , 2011 . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . Tampa Bay 's Chad Gaudin allowed one run and six hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox needed a strong outing from Mark Buehrle . Buehrle pitched seven strong innings , Carlos Quentin hit a two - run homer and the Chicago White Sox beat the Boston Red Sox 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Buehrle ( 12 - 7 ) allowed one run and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . The White Sox have won five of their last six games . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Beckett ( 14 - 6 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jacoby Ellsbury led off with a single and scored on Kevin Youkilis ' single . Mark Kotsay hit a two - out , two - run single in the third to give the White Sox a 3 - 1 lead . Quentin added a two - run shot off Hideki Okajima in the eighth . It was Quentin 's 21st homer of the season and second in two games . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI groundout by A. J. Pierzynski . Chicago tied it in the third when Scott Podsednik walked , stole second and scored on a groundout by A. J. Pierzynski . Chicago tied it in the bottom half on Kotsay 's two - out , two - run single . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Matt Thornton worked a 1 - 2 - 3 eighth and Matt Thornton worked a perfect eighth . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Kevin Youkilis ' RBI single .
TORONTO -- The New York Yankees are on a roll . Robinson Cano and Mark Teixeira homered , Andy Pettitte pitched six innings to win his fifth straight decision and the Yankees beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Robinson Cano homered and drove in a run for the Yankees , who won for the third time in four games . Pettitte ( 13 - 6 ) allowed four runs , four earned , and four hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out three . Phil Hughes struck out three in 1 1/3 innings for his third save . Brett Cecil ( 6 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings for the Blue Jays , who have lost five of six . The Blue Jays lost for the sixth time in seven games . Melky Cabrera had a run - scoring single in the second , and Randy Ruiz hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Blue Jays , who have lost five of six . Pettitte allowed four runs and four hits in six - plus innings . He walked five and struck out three . Cano led off the fourth with a homer to left , his fifth , and Teixeira followed with a drive to left . It was the second time this season the Yankees have hit back - to - back homers . Cano led off the fourth with a drive to right , his fifth , and Teixeira followed with a drive into the second deck in left . It was the first time this season the Yankees hit back - to - back homers . Cano led off the fourth with a drive to right , his fifth , and Ruiz followed with a two - out single to right . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Jorge Posada , but the Yankees answered with three runs in the bottom half . Jose Bautista hit an RBI double and scored on a two - out single by Alex Rodriguez , but the Blue Jays reclaimed the lead in the bottom half on Ruiz 's RBI single .
ST. LOUIS -- The St. Louis Cardinals have been waiting for Albert Pujols and the rest of the Milwaukee Brewers . Pujols hit a two - run double , Skip Schumaker had four hits and drove in two runs and the Cardinals beat the Milwaukee Brewers 10 - 3 on Tuesday night . Pujols had a two - run double in the second inning and a two - run double in the second . Schumaker had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . Albert Pujols had two hits and drove in two runs for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Chris Carpenter ( 15 - 3 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in six innings for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Dave Bush ( 3 - 6 ) gave up eight runs and 11 hits in 3 1/3 innings for the Brewers , who have lost five of six . The Cardinals have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Brewers have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . Carpenter ( 15 - 3 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Brewers scored three runs in the second inning to take a 6 - 1 lead . Casey McGehee hit a two - out , two - run single and Pujols scored on a wild pitch to make it 6 - 2 . Molina 's RBI double in the fourth made it 8 - 2 and chased Bush , who gave up eight runs -- eight earned -- and 11 hits in 3 1/3 innings .
SAN DIEGO -- Kevin Correia has been a big part of the San Diego Padres ' rotation . Correia pitched three - hit ball into the eighth inning , David Eckstein had three hits and the San Diego Padres beat the Washington Nationals 7 - 0 on Tuesday night . Correia ( 10 - 10 ) allowed three hits in 7 2/3 innings , struck out five and walked two . The right - hander struck out five , walked two and hit a batter . San Diego , which has won four of five , has lost four of five . The Nationals have lost five of six . The Nationals have lost five of six . The Nationals have lost five of six . The Nationals have lost five of six . The Nationals have lost six of seven . John Lannan ( 8 - 10 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked four . The Nationals scored three runs in the fifth to take a 5 - 0 lead . Chase Headley hit a two - run double and Will Venable followed with an RBI single to make it 5 - 0 . San Diego added two more runs in the sixth on an RBI double by David Eckstein and a two - run double by David Eckstein . San Diego added a run in the eighth on a sacrifice fly by Kevin Kouzmanoff and a sacrifice fly by Adam Dunn . Washington 's Adrian Gonzalez hit a two - run double in the fifth and a two - run double in the fifth to give the Nationals a 4 - 0 lead . It was his first RBI of the season and the first of his career .
LOS ANGELES -- Matt Kemp 's first - inning homer gave the Dodgers a 3 - 1 lead , and the Los Angeles Dodgers rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night . Matt Kemp hit a solo home run in the first inning for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Matt Belisario ( 3 - 3 ) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief . Jonathan Broxton pitched a scoreless ninth for his 30th save in 34 attempts . Leo Nunez ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and two hits in 1 1 - 3 innings . Leo Nunez ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and two hits in 1 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out one . Arizona starter Yusmeiro Petit allowed three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in five innings . The right - hander struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Gerardo Parra , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a triple . The Dodgers tied it in the bottom half on Justin Upton 's two - out single . The Diamondbacks tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Rusty Ryal , who was thrown out trying to stretch a single into a double . The Dodgers tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Andre Ethier , but the Dodgers tied it in the bottom half on a two - out error by third baseman Justin Upton . The Dodgers tied it 3 - all in the sixth on a two - out RBI single by John Hester .
BALTIMORE -- The New York Yankees are on their longest winning streak of the season . Robinson Cano and Jorge Posada each hit two of New York 's four home runs , and the Yankees beat the Baltimore Orioles 9 - 6 on Tuesday night to snap a three - game losing streak . Robinson Cano hit a two - run homer and Nick Swisher added a two - run shot for the Yankees , who took two of three from the Orioles , who have won six of seven . Yankees starter A. J. Burnett gave up six runs and 11 hits in 5 1/3 innings , walking two and striking out two . Damaso Marte ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect seventh for the win . Mariano Rivera worked the ninth for his 38th save in 41 tries . Luke Scott hit a three - run homer and Felix Pie also went deep for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run homer by Posada , who hit a solo shot in the third and a two - run shot in the fifth . Cano hit a two - run shot in the second , and Felix Pie homered in the fifth to make it 5 - 3 . The Yankees tied it in the sixth on a two - run single by Melvin Mora , who had three hits and drove in two runs . Eric Hinske homered for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Alex Rodriguez , but the Yankees answered with three runs in the bottom half . Reimold led off with a single and Posada hit a drive into the left - field seats for a 2 - 1 lead . In the bottom half , the Yankees loaded the bases with no outs on a walk and a hit batter , but Melvin Mora grounded into a double play . In the bottom half , Felix Pie hit a solo homer , his third of the season , and Luke Scott followed with a three - run shot .
NEW YORK -- Cliff Lee and the Philadelphia Phillies have been waiting for him to make the playoffs . Lee pitched a six - hitter for his first career shutout , Chase Utley homered twice and the Phillies beat the New York Yankees 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Lee ( 1 - 0 ) allowed a run and six hits , struck out 10 and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . He struck out 10 and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The right - hander , who signed a $ 36 million , three - year deal with the Phillies in the offseason , struck out 10 and walked none . Lee ( 0 - 1 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out six , walked three and hit a batter . Chase Utley hit a pair of solo homers for the Yankees , who have lost three straight and seven of nine . New York has lost four of five . The Yankees have lost six of their last seven games . New York , which began the day with the best record in the majors , lost for the fourth time in five games . The Yankees were shut out for the third time this year . New York has lost six of its last seven games . The Yankees were shut out for the third time this season . New York has lost six of its last seven games . The Yankees were shut out for the third time this season . New York , which had won seven of its previous eight games , went ahead 1 - 0 in the third on Utley 's second homer of the game , a two - out drive to left - center that made it 2 - 0 . It was Utley 's first multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . He also hit a two - run shot in Game 1 of the 1996 World Series against the New York Yankees .
NEW YORK -- Alex Rodriguez 's first homer of the season came on the first pitch of the 11th inning , and the New York Yankees rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Mark Teixeira hit a game - ending homer in the 11th inning , and the Yankees rallied to beat the Twins 4 - 3 in the opener of a day - night doubleheader . Rodriguez hit a tying , three - run homer off Joe Nathan in the ninth , and Mark Teixeira led off the bottom half with a homer off Jose Mijares ( 0 - 1 ) . Mark Teixeira led off the bottom half with his first homer of the season , a drive off the facing of the second deck in right field . It was the first walk - off homer of the season for Teixeira , who hit his first homer of the year on Opening Day . David Robertson ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 11th for the win , and Jon Rauch pitched a 1 - 2 - 3 eighth for the Yankees , who have won five of their first six games against the Twins this year . New York has won seven of its last nine postseason games , including the first two of the four - game series between the teams with the worst records in the American League . The Yankees , who have the worst record in the majors , lost for the fourth time in five postseason games this postseason . New York 's A. J. Burnett allowed one run and three hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out six . Phil Coke got one out in the eighth and Mariano Rivera came on in the ninth for his 22nd postseason save . Rivera struck out Rodriguez with runners on first and second to end the inning . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth on an RBI triple by Brendan Harris and a run - scoring single by Denard Span . The Twins tied it in the bottom half on an RBI triple by Brendan Harris and a run - scoring single by Nick Punto .
SEATTLE -- Felix Hernandez has been the Seattle Mariners ' most dominant pitcher in his first season with the Seattle Mariners . Hernandez pitched three - hit ball into the seventh inning , Jose Lopez hit a two - run double and the Mariners beat the Texas Rangers 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Hernandez ( 19 - 5 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Mariners have won eight of their past 11 games and have won eight of their last 10 games against the Rangers , who have won eight of their last 10 games at Safeco Field . The Rangers have lost six of seven . Scott Feldman ( 17 - 8 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Jose Lopez 's two - out , two - run double . Franklin Gutierrez had an RBI double in the fifth , and Jose Lopez added a two - run double in the fifth to give the Mariners a 4 - 1 lead . It was the first time the Mariners had scored more than three runs in a game this season . Seattle scored in the seventh on Taylor Teagarden 's run - scoring groundout . David Aardsma pitched a perfect ninth for his 38th save in 39 chances . The Rangers have won four straight and eight of 10 . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas has lost four of five .
PHILADELPHIA -- Paul Hoover 's first major league game - ending hit with the bases loaded in the 10th inning lifted the Philadelphia Phillies to a 7 - 6 victory over the Florida Marlins on Tuesday night . Hoover 's pinch - hit single with two outs in the 10th off Dan Meyer ( 3 - 2 ) scored John Mayberry Jr. from second base . John Mayberry Jr. led off the 10th with a single off Dan Calero and scored on Paul Hoover 's pinch - hit single to center . Cairo hit a solo homer in the eighth to give the Phillies a 6 - 5 lead . Chad Durbin ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . The Phillies took a 6 - 5 lead in the sixth on Eric Bruntlett 's RBI single and Wes Helms ' two - run single . Dan Uggla 's RBI single made it 6 - 5 in the bottom half . Cairo tied it in the eighth with a leadoff triple and scored on pinch - hitter Shane Victorino 's pinch - hit single to right . Cairo tied it in the eighth with a leadoff triple and scored on Paul Hoover 's pinch - hit single to right . Cairo tied it in the eighth with a leadoff triple and scored on Paul Hoover 's pinch - hit single to right . Cairo tied it in the eighth with a leadoff triple and scored on Paul Hoover 's pinch - hit single to right . The Marlins took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Nick Johnson and a run - scoring single by Coghlan . Florida starter Kyle Kendrick allowed three runs and three hits in 2 2/3 innings .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins have n't been able to find a way to get back to the postseason . They 're still in the thick of the AL wild - card race . Alex Gordon hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning , Michael Cuddyer added a solo shot in the eighth and the Twins beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Delmon Young hit a three - run double and Mike Jacobs added a solo homer in the eighth for the Twins , who won for the seventh time in eight games . Jon Rauch ( 7 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Joe Nathan pitched a perfect ninth for his 47th save in 43 chances . The Twins have won six of their last seven games . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Royals have lost seven of their last 10 games . The Royals have lost seven of their last 10 games . The Royals have lost seven of their last 10 games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Target Field this season . The Royals have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Royals have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Royals have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- The Cincinnati Reds have been waiting for a long time to get back to the playoffs . Scott Rolen and Joey Votto hit back - to - back homers , Johnny Cueto pitched six solid innings and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Scott Rolen and Joey Votto also homered for the Reds , who have won five of six . Cueto ( 11 - 11 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked four . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have lost six of seven . Duke ( 11 - 16 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out two . The Pirates have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park this season . The Pirates have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park this season . The Pirates have lost seven of their last nine games . The Pirates have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park this season . The Pirates have lost seven of their last nine games . The Pirates have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park this season . The Pirates have lost seven of their last nine games . The Pirates have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park this season .
SEATTLE -- Adrian Beltre and Jack Cust hit back - to - back home runs in the second inning , leading the Seattle Mariners to a 4 - 2 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . Beltre hit a solo homer off Brett Anderson ( 11 - 11 ) in the second inning and added a two - out RBI single in the fifth to give the Mariners a 4 - 1 lead . Fister ( 3 - 4 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . Jack Cust hit a solo homer off David Aardsma in the ninth , his 37th . Brett Anderson ( 11 - 11 ) gave up four runs -- one earned -- and eight hits in five innings for Oakland . He struck out five and walked one . Oakland 's Mike Sweeney hit a two - run single in the fifth to give the Mariners a 4 - 1 lead . Beltre 's homer in the second inning gave the Mariners a 1 - 0 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Anderson in five starts this season . Seattle took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Daric Barton hit a run - scoring double and scored on Beltre 's two - out homer . It was Beltre 's 21st home run of the season and second in two games . It was the second time this season the Mariners have hit back - to - back home runs . Oakland went ahead 3 - 1 in the fifth on a two - out , two - run single by Beltre and a two - run single by Mike Sweeney .
ATLANTA -- Tommy Hanson has been a big part of the Atlanta Braves ' rotation . Hanson pitched eight strong innings , Jason Heyward hit a two - run homer and the Braves beat the Houston Astros 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hanson ( 2 - 2 ) gave up two runs and four hits , striking out seven and walking none . The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 2.17 ERA over his last four starts . Billy Wagner pitched a scoreless ninth for his second save . Brett Myers ( 1 - 2 ) gave up six hits and four runs in seven innings for the Astros . He walked four and struck out five . Nate McLouth led off the first inning with a homer , and Hunter Pence had an RBI single in the second to give the Astros a 2 - 0 lead . The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by J. R. Towles and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Troy Glaus . The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by J. R. Towles and a run - scoring single by J. R. Towles . Heyward 's two - run homer in the third gave the Braves a 4 - 2 lead . Houston tied it at 2 in the second on Troy Glaus ' run - scoring fielder 's choice and J. R. Towles ' run - scoring single . Heyward 's two - run homer in the third gave the Braves a 4 - 2 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Myers , who gave up six hits and four runs in seven innings .
DENVER -- The Arizona Diamondbacks had a big night at the plate . Chris Young hit a grand slam , Carlos Gonzalez also homered and the Diamondbacks beat the Colorado Rockies 12 - 11 on Tuesday night . Arizona scored six runs in the first inning , including a two - run homer by Dexter Fowler , and a two - run single by Tony Abreu . Kelly Johnson hit a solo homer in the ninth off Franklin Morales ( 0 - 2 ) , who gave up two hits and a run in two innings . Bob Howry ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win , and Juan Gutierrez pitched the 10th for his first save . The Diamondbacks took a 7 - 6 lead in the fourth on a two - run single by Justin Upton and a two - run single by Tony Abreu . The Rockies tied it at 11 in the fifth on a two - run single by Melvin Mora and a two - run double by Tony Abreu . The Diamondbacks tied it at 11 in the fifth on a two - run single by Tony Abreu and a two - run double by Tony Abreu . The Rockies tied it at 11 in the fifth on a two - run double by Tony Abreu and a two - run double by Troy Tulowitzki . The Rockies tied it at 11 in the fifth on a two - run single by Melvin Mora and a two - run single by Tony Abreu . The Rockies took a 6 - 0 lead in the first . Adam LaRoche hit a two - run double and Young followed with a three - run homer to make it 6 - 0 . Gonzalez led off the bottom of the second with a solo homer , his first of the season , to make it 6 - 0 . The Rockies answered in the bottom half on a two - run double by Justin Upton and a two - run double by Troy Tulowitzki , and a two - run single by Tony Abreu , who had three hits .
ST. LOUIS -- The St. Louis Cardinals ' bullpen could n't hold a 3 - 0 lead . Albert Pujols had three hits , including a go - ahead single in the seventh inning , and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Atlanta Braves 4 - 3 on Tuesday night for their first three - game winning streak of the season . Albert Pujols had three hits and scored a run for the Cardinals , who have won three of four . Yadier Molina had an RBI double and pinch - hitter Bryan Anderson had a pinch - hit RBI double in the seventh to give the Cardinals a 3 - 0 lead . Atlanta starter Tim Hudson allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked three . Dennys Reyes ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Ryan Franklin worked the ninth for his seventh save in as many chances . Takashi Saito ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up a run and two hits in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth . Braves starter Kyle Lohse allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked two . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Brian McCann and a run - scoring single by Nate McLouth . Troy Glaus drove in Atlanta 's first run with an RBI single in the third . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the third . Melky Cabrera led off with a double and scored on Nate McLouth 's two - out double to right - center . Nate McLouth 's RBI double in the fourth made it 3 - 0 .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals have been waiting for Justin Morneau and the rest of the Kansas City Royals . Morneau homered and drove in two runs , Brian Bannister pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Royals beat the Minnesota Twins 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Justin Morneau and Jose Guillen also homered for the Royals , who have won four of five . Justin Morneau homered and drove in two runs for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Minnesota 's Kevin Slowey ( 2 - 2 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . Bannister ( 1 - 1 ) gave up two runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out none . Joakim Soria gave up a run in the ninth but held on for his fifth save in five chances . Joe Mauer led off the ninth with a double off Josh Rupe and scored on Justin Morneau 's double to right - center . Justin Morneau followed with a run - scoring double , but Soria struck out Jim Thome to end it . Kevin Slowey ( 2 - 2 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Twins . He walked three and struck out two . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when David DeJesus led off with a double and scored on J. J. Hardy 's single . The Royals tied it in the second on a sacrifice fly by Mitch Maier and a run - scoring single by Yuniesky Betancourt . The Royals tied it in the second on a sacrifice fly by Alex Gordon and a sacrifice fly by Guillen .
HOUSTON -- Brett Myers pitched six solid innings and the Houston Astros beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 10 - 3 on Tuesday night . Andy LaRoche had four hits and drove in two runs for the Astros , who have won five of six . Myers ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 11 hits and two runs in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Myers ( 1 - 1 ) allowed a season - high five runs and five hits in three innings . He walked one and struck out a season - high six . Charlie Morton ( 0 - 4 ) gave up five runs and five hits in three - plus innings for the Pirates , who have lost five of six . Lance Berkman and Bobby Crosby had three hits apiece for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Pittsburgh has lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost six of their last seven games . The Pirates have lost six of their last seven games . The Pirates have lost six of their last seven games . The Pirates have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Pirates have lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost six of seven .
BOSTON -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting for a long time to get back to the playoffs . The Baltimore Orioles have n't been able to find a way to get a win . Adam Jones hit a two - run homer , Adrian Beltre drew a bases - loaded walk in the eighth inning and the Red Sox beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Baltimore took a 3 - 0 lead in the third on a solo homer by David Ortiz and a two - run shot by Adam Jones , but the Orioles scored three times in the eighth to take a 3 - 0 lead . Drew hit a two - run homer in the seventh off Matt Albers ( 0 - 2 ) , and Adrian Beltre drew a bases - loaded walk in the eighth to give the Red Sox a 4 - 3 lead . Manny Delcarmen ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his fourth save . Baltimore starter Jeremy Guthrie allowed three runs and five hits in six innings , striking out two and walking two . Baltimore starter Jon Lester allowed four hits and four walks in 5 2/3 innings , striking out seven . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Josh Reddick . Baltimore added a run in the fifth when Jeremy Hermida led off with a double and scored on a single by Nick Markakis . Baltimore took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out , two - run homer by Ortiz . Baltimore made it 3 - 0 in the fifth when Jones hit a two - run homer .
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting for Adam Dunn and the Los Angeles Dodgers . Dunn hit two home runs , Luis Atilano pitched six solid innings and the Nationals beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Dunn hit a pair of two - run homers , and Nyjer Morgan had two hits and drove in a run for the Nationals . Luis Atilano ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings for his first major league win . The right - hander struck out one and walked two . Dunn hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning and added a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Nationals a 4 - 1 lead . Dunn hit a two - run homer in the sixth , and Nyjer Morgan added an RBI double in the seventh for the Nationals . Haeger ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when James Loney led off with a single , stole second and scored on Adam Kennedy 's single . Dunn tied it in the fourth with his second homer of the game , a two - run shot that made it 4 - 1 . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Dunn , who hit a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Nationals a 4 - 1 lead . It was Dunn 's second multihomer game of the season and his first since Aug. 1 , 2011 , when he was with the Los Angeles Angels .
CINCINNATI -- Adrian Gonzalez hit a grand slam off Bronson Arroyo , and the San Diego Padres beat the Cincinnati Reds 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . Tony Gwynn Jr. hit a two - run homer in the second inning off Bronson Arroyo ( 0 - 2 ) , who gave up eight runs and eight hits in three innings . Correia ( 3 - 1 ) allowed two runs and three hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . Tony Gwynn Jr. hit a two - run homer in the second inning for the Padres , who have won three of their last four games . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost seven of their last 10 games . The Reds have lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games .
PITTSBURGH -- Ryan Braun and the Milwaukee Brewers did n't need much offense . Braun homered and drove in five runs , Randy Wolf pitched six scoreless innings and the Brewers beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 20 - 0 on Tuesday night . Fielder hit a three - run homer in the third inning and Braun added a two - run double in the fifth to give the Brewers a 10 - 0 lead . Wolf ( 2 - 1 ) allowed six hits , walked three and struck out three in six innings . The right - hander , who had been 0 - 4 in his previous six starts , had n't allowed more than three earned runs in any of his previous five starts . Fielder hit a three - run homer in the third and Edmonds added a three - run shot in the seventh as the Brewers roughed up Pittsburgh starter Daniel McCutchen ( 0 - 2 ) for eight runs -- six earned -- and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . Edmonds had a career - high four hits , including a three - run homer in the seventh that made it 16 - 0 . It was the first four - hit game of the season for Edmonds , who had a career - high four hits , including a three - run homer in the seventh that made it 16 - 0 . It was his first career four - hit game , a three - run shot off Joel Hanrahan that made it 16 - 0 . Edmonds had four hits , including a three - run homer in the seventh that made it 16 - 0 . It was his first career four - hit game , a three - run shot off Joel Hanrahan that gave the Brewers a 16 - 0 lead . It was Edmonds ' first career four - hit game , and his three - run shot in the seventh off Joel Hanrahan gave the Brewers a 16 - 0 lead . It was the first time the Brewers had scored six runs in a game since May 2 , 2006 , against the Chicago Cubs . Fielder hit a three - run homer in the third and Braun added a two - run double in the fifth to give the Brewers a 10 - 0 lead . Wolf ( 2 - 1 ) allowed six hits , walked three and struck out three in six innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Pirates scored four runs in the ninth off Octavio Dotel on George Kottaras ' sacrifice fly and Jody Gerut 's bases - loaded walk .
CHICAGO -- The Tampa Bay Rays finally found a way to beat the Chicago White Sox . Sean Rodriguez homered and drove in four runs , Wade Davis allowed two hits over six innings and the Rays beat the Chicago White Sox 12 - 0 on Tuesday night . Evan Longoria had three hits and drove in a run for Tampa Bay , which has won four of five . Rodriguez ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two hits in six innings , striking out six and walking three . The right - hander had been 0 - 3 with a 2.65 ERA in his previous five starts . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . Buehrle ( 2 - 2 ) allowed six runs -- six earned -- and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Jason Bartlett 's RBI single and B. J. Upton 's run - scoring single . Tampa Bay made it 5 - 0 in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Carlos Pena and a bases - loaded walk to Rodriguez . The White Sox added three more in the sixth on a bases - loaded walk to Rodriguez and a bases - loaded walk to Rodriguez . The White Sox scored three times in the sixth to take a 12 - 0 lead . Gabe Kapler had an RBI single and Rodriguez walked with the bases loaded to force in a run , and Rodriguez walked to load the bases . The White Sox loaded the bases with no outs in the sixth , but Davis struck out Alex Rios to end the threat .
WASHINGTON -- Jorge De La Rosa pitched five innings to win for the first time in more than a month , and the Colorado Rockies beat the Washington Nationals 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . Troy Tulowitzki and Ryan Spilborghs hit two - run homers , and Cristian Guzman had four hits and drove in a run for the Rockies , who have won four of five . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games and have won eight of their last 10 . De La Rosa ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked four . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Olsen allowed six runs -- six earned -- and seven hits in two - plus innings . He struck out one , walked one and hit a batter . Colorado 's Scott Olsen ( 0 - 1 ) allowed six runs and seven hits in two - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . He gave up six runs , six earned , and seven hits in two - plus innings . He struck out one , walked one and hit a batter . Zimmerman 's two - run homer in the fifth made it 10 - 2 , and the Rockies added three more in the sixth . Cristian Guzman had a career - high four hits , including a two - out single in the ninth off Sean Burnett , and Ian Desmond walked to bring up Zimmerman , who hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Rockies a 10 - 0 lead . Zimmerman 's two - run homer in the fifth gave the Rockies a 10 - 0 lead . Zimmerman 's two - run homer in the fifth gave the Rockies a 10 - 0 lead . Zimmerman 's two - run homer in the fifth gave the Rockies a 10 - 0 lead . Zimmerman 's two - run homer in the fifth gave the Rockies a 10 - 0 lead .
ATLANTA -- The Atlanta Braves had a chance to win it in the ninth inning . Troy Glaus hit a tying two - run homer off Jose Contreras ( 0 - 1 ) , and Nate McLouth led off the bottom half with a homer off Ryan Madson , giving the Braves a 4 - 3 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Billy Wagner ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 10th inning for the win . Ryan Madson blew a save for the first time in 12 chances this season , giving up three runs in the ninth . Jason Heyward hit a tying homer off Ryan Madson with two outs in the ninth , but the Braves could n't hold a 3 - 0 lead . Chase Utley drove in a run with a fielder 's choice grounder in the fifth , and Ryan Howard 's RBI single in the fifth gave the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth . Placido Polanco led off with a double and scored on Ryan Howard 's single . Chase Utley followed with a run - scoring single to make it 2 - 0 . Atlanta starter Kyle Kendrick allowed four hits in eight innings , striking out two and walking two . The right - hander , who began the season on the disabled list with a strained right elbow , has a 7.24 ERA in five starts this season . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Ryan Howard 's RBI single . The Phillies made it 2 - 0 in the fifth on a run - scoring single by Ryan Howard and a run - scoring grounder by Ryan Howard .
BOSTON -- Jeff Niemann and the Tampa Bay Rays are on a roll . Niemann allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings , B. J. Upton hit a three - run homer and the Rays beat the Boston Red Sox 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Niemann ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings , striking out four and walking three . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his first six starts against the Red Sox , including a 6 - 1 loss to the Red Sox on Monday . Tampa Bay 's John Lackey ( 1 - 1 ) allowed eight runs -- eight earned -- and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead on Ben Zobrist 's RBI groundout in the first and Jason Bartlett 's run - scoring triple in the fourth . Evan Longoria hit a two - run double in the third and Carl Crawford added a sacrifice fly in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . Jeremy Hermida hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Lackey allowed eight runs -- eight earned -- and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out three . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Reid Brignac hit a one - out single , took second on a wild pitch and scored on Jason Bartlett 's triple into the right - field corner . Bartlett scored on Carl Crawford 's sacrifice fly . Tampa Bay took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Ben Zobrist 's RBI groundout . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jason Bartlett 's RBI triple and a two - run homer by Upton .
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- Doug Fister did n't have his best stuff , and the Seattle Mariners finally found a way to beat the Baltimore Orioles . Fister pitched seven innings of three - hit ball , Casey Kotchman hit a two - run homer and the Mariners beat the Baltimore Orioles 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Fister ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked one . It was Fister 's first win since April 26 . The Orioles have won four straight and eight of 10 . Seattle has won four straight and eight of 10 . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore 's Ty Wigginton homered off Shawn Kelley in the ninth . It was his third homer of the season and first since July 8 . Baltimore 's Brad Bergesen ( 0 - 2 ) gave up seven runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 2 2/3 innings . He walked three and did n't strike out a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Ken Griffey Jr. hit a two - run single in the third inning to give Baltimore a 7 - 0 lead . The Orioles added three more runs in the seventh on RBI doubles by Franklin Gutierrez and Jose Lopez and a run - scoring double by Milton Bradley . Kotchman 's two - run homer in the third gave the Mariners a 7 - 0 lead . Kotchman 's two - run homer in the third gave the Mariners a 7 - 0 lead . Kotchman 's two - run homer in the third gave the Mariners a 7 - 0 lead . Kotchman 's two - run homer in the third gave the Mariners a 7 - 0 lead . Kotchman 's two - run homer in the third gave the Mariners a 7 - 0 lead . Kotchman 's two - run homer in the third gave the Mariners a 7 - 0 lead . It was Kotchman 's second homer of the season and second in two days . He also had an RBI double in the seventh .
NEW YORK -- Andy Pettitte and the New York Yankees are on their longest winning streak of the season . Pettitte pitched eight strong innings , Jorge Posada and Mark Teixeira homered and the Yankees beat the Texas Rangers 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Pettitte ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and four hits in eight innings . He struck out four and walked three . Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth for his fifth save in five chances . Rich Harden ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 3 2/3 innings for the Rangers , who have lost five of six . The Rangers have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 against the Yankees this season . They have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Yankees this season . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games and are 2 - 6 against the Yankees this season . They 've lost six of their last seven , including a 2 - 1 loss to the Yankees in the opener of the three - game series . The Rangers have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Yankees this season . They have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Yankees this season . The Rangers have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Yankees this season . They have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Yankees this season . The Rangers have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Yankees this season . They have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Yankees this season . The Rangers have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Yankees this season . They have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Yankees this season . The Rangers have lost three straight and six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Yankee Stadium since July 24 - 26 , 2011 . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Yankee Stadium since July 24 - 26 , 2011 . The Rangers have lost three straight and six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Yankee Stadium since July 24 - 26 , 2011 .
ST. LOUIS -- The New York Mets ' bullpen could n't hold it . Yadier Molina had a game - ending RBI single in the 18th inning , and the New York Mets beat the St. Louis Cardinals 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Jeff Francoeur drove in the tying run with a sacrifice fly in the 18th and Jose Reyes had a sacrifice fly in the 18th to give the Mets a 2 - 1 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . The Mets have won four of five , and their first three - game sweep of the Cardinals in more than three years . Pujols led off the bottom of the 19th with a double against Mather and scored on Yadier Molina 's single to right . Pujols was intentionally walked to load the bases with one out in the bottom of the 19th , and Molina lined a single to right off Mather to make it 2 - 1 . Pelfrey allowed four hits in seven innings , striking out nine and walking one . He has allowed two runs or fewer in seven of his nine starts this season . Jason Motte allowed two hits in 1 1/3 scoreless innings , striking out two and walking none . The Mets have won four of five , and the Mets have won six of seven . The Mets have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 in extra innings this season . Jaime Garcia pitched seven innings of one - hit ball for St. Louis . He struck out five and walked two . Garcia allowed one hit in 1 1/3 innings , striking out five and walking two . Fernando Nieve pitched 2 1/3 scoreless innings in relief of Santana , who allowed four hits and struck out nine in seven innings . Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up a run in the 18th . Mather , who was 0 - for - 4 with a walk , struck out to end the game .
PHILADELPHIA -- Roy Halladay has been the Philadelphia Phillies ' ace . Halladay pitched eight strong innings , Chase Utley homered and the Phillies beat the Florida Marlins 8 - 6 on Tuesday night . Halladay ( 3 - 0 ) allowed two runs and eight hits , striking out four and walking none . The right - hander improved to 8 - 1 in his career against the Marlins , including 4 - 0 in his career against the Marlins . Ryan Madson pitched the ninth for his third save . Anibal Sanchez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in six innings . Placido Polanco hit a solo homer for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Florida scored three runs in the first inning to take a 3 - 0 lead . Ryan Howard had an RBI single and Carlos Ruiz drove in a run with a single to make it 3 - 0 . The Phillies made it 5 - 0 in the second on a run - scoring double by Ryan Howard and a run - scoring double by Juan Castro . The Marlins added three runs in the fourth . Utley led off with a drive to right - center , his third homer of the season and first since July 26 . He has five homers in the first two games of the series . Uggla hit a solo homer in the fourth to cut it to 5 - 1 . The Marlins added three runs in the seventh on RBI doubles by Jayson Werth and Juan Castro and a run - scoring double by John Baker . Hanley Ramirez had three hits , including an RBI double off David Herndon in the ninth .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Dallas Braden and the rest of the Oakland Athletics are doing their best to keep the Baltimore Orioles . Braden pitched seven strong innings , Ty Wigginton hit a two - run homer and the A 's beat Kevin Millwood and the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Braden ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and three hits , struck out four and walked one in seven innings . The right - hander struck out four and walked one . Andrew Bailey pitched the ninth for his first save of the season . Millwood ( 0 - 2 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . Ty Wigginton hit a two - run homer in the fifth for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost four of five . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost seven of their last nine games . The Orioles have lost six of their last seven games and are 1 - 4 on their current road trip . The Orioles have lost six of their last seven games and are 1 - 6 on their road trip .
PHILADELPHIA -- Ryan Zimmerman 's first career pinch - hit homer was a two - run shot in the eighth inning that sent the Washington Nationals to a 7 - 5 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Ryan Madson gave up a two - run homer to Shane Victorino in the eighth , but the Phillies rallied for three runs in the ninth . Ryan Madson gave up a two - run single to Ivan Rodriguez and a two - run homer to Adam Dunn , but got the final two outs for his fourth save . Ryan Madson gave up a two - run homer to Ivan Rodriguez in the eighth , but the Phillies rallied for a 5 - 4 lead . Ryan Madson gave up a two - run homer to Ivan Rodriguez in the bottom half , then retired the next two batters to end it . Clippard ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Danys Baez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and two hits in one inning . He walked two and struck out two . Matt Capps got the last five outs for his fourth save in five chances . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Juan Castro 's two - out , two - run single . Juan Castro hit a two - run single in the sixth to give the Phillies a 4 - 1 lead . Juan Castro had three hits , including a two - run single in the sixth that gave the Phillies a 4 - 1 lead . The Phillies scored three runs in the sixth to take a 4 - 1 lead . Zimmerman hit a two - run homer off Tyler Walker ( 2 - 0 ) to cut it to 7 - 5 . The Phillies scored three runs in the ninth off Ryan Madson , who blew his second save in as many chances . Ian Desmond singled , stole second and scored on Rodriguez 's two - out , two - run single to right . Zimmerman 's pinch - hit , two - run homer off Matt Capps in the eighth cut it to 7 - 5 . It was Zimmerman 's first pinch - hit homer of the season , a two - run shot that gave the Nationals a 5 - 4 lead . It was the first pinch - hit homer of Zimmerman 's career and his first pinch - hit homer this season . It was the second time this season the Nationals have hit back - to - back homers . The Phillies scored three runs in the sixth to take a 4 - 1 lead . Nyjer Morgan led off with a double and scored on Placido Polanco 's double to right . Utley followed with a drive to right to make it 4 - 3 . It was the first homer allowed by Happ , who allowed four runs and five hits in 5 1 - 3 innings .
CLEVELAND -- Nelson Cruz and the Texas Rangers did n't need much offense . Nelson Cruz and Julio Borbon each drove in two runs , Colby Lewis struck out a career - high 10 in 5 1/3 innings and the Rangers beat the Cleveland Indians 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Nelson Cruz and Elvis Andrus had three hits apiece for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Lewis ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and three hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out 10 and walked four . Neftali Feliz got four outs for his second save . Justin Masterson ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and nine hits in six innings for the Indians . The right - hander struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 7.16 ERA in his last five starts . The Rangers scored three runs in the first inning off Masterson . Josh Hamilton had an RBI double and Michael Brantley followed with a two - run double to cut Texas ' lead to 4 - 2 . Borbon added a two - run single in the eighth to make it 6 - 2 . Andrus had three hits , including an RBI single in the second . He had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the second . Vladimir Guerrero 's RBI groundout in the third made it 2 - 0 . Cruz 's homer in the third made it 4 - 0 . It was the first homer for Cruz , who hit a two - run shot in the series opener Friday night .
CINCINNATI -- Francisco Cordero gave up a one - out homer to Kosuke Fukudome in the ninth inning , and the Cincinnati Reds rallied for a 3 - 1 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Esmailin Caridad gave up a one - out single to Kosuke Fukudome and walked Scott Rolen to load the bases . Esmailin Caridad came on and walked Ramon Hernandez to force in the go - ahead run . Jonny Gomes followed with a sacrifice fly to give the Reds a 2 - 1 lead . Nick Masset ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win , and Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth for his second save in three chances . Cincinnati 's Mike Leake ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four hits and a walk in 6 2/3 innings , leaving with a 1 - 0 lead . The right - hander gave up four hits , walked a season - high seven batters and struck out five in 6 2 - 3 innings . John Grabow ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and two hits in one - third of an inning . The right - hander walked one and struck out one , throwing 18 pitches in the first two innings . John Grabow ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and two hits in one - third of an inning . The right - hander struck out the side in the eighth , and the Reds took a 1 - 0 lead on Derrek Lee 's RBI single in the fifth . Derrek Lee had an RBI single in the fifth off Leake ( 0 - 2 ) , who gave up four hits and a walk in 6 2 - 3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants are on the verge of getting swept by the Atlanta Braves . Tim Lincecum pitched seven strong innings , Brian McCann hit a two - run homer and the Giants beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Lincecum ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings , striking out 10 and walking one . The right - hander is the first pitcher in San Francisco history to strike out at least 10 at least 10 in a game , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Pablo Sandoval hit a two - run homer in the eighth and Jason Heyward added a solo shot in the ninth off Jeremy Affeldt for his first save of the season . Affeldt gave up a run in the ninth before finishing for his first save of the season . Brian McCann hit a two - run homer in the first inning for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Atlanta 's Kenshin Kawakami ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in six innings . He struck out one and walked one . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Mark DeRosa 's two - out , two - run double and Mark DeRosa 's two - out single in the fourth . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Mark DeRosa and a run - scoring single by Mark DeRosa . The Braves tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Mark DeRosa . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out , two - run homer by McCann .
DETROIT -- Jeremy Bonderman and the Detroit Tigers did n't need much offense . Bonderman allowed one hit over five innings , Magglio Ordonez hit a two - run homer and the Tigers beat the Cleveland Indians 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Bonderman ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and one hit in five innings . He struck out five and walked two . Bonderman ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out one . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run homer by Magglio Ordonez and a run - scoring single by Travis Hafner . Cleveland made it 4 - 0 in the fourth on Brandon Inge 's RBI single and Scott Sizemore 's sacrifice fly . Ordonez hit a two - run homer in the first , and Travis Hafner 's two - out RBI single in the sixth made it 4 - 2 . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Ordonez and a two - run shot by Ordonez . Cleveland made it 4 - 0 in the fourth on an RBI single by Scott Sizemore and a run - scoring single by Brandon Inge . The Tigers added a run in the fourth when Carlos Guillen drew a leadoff walk and scored on Hafner 's two - out single to make it 4 - 2 . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Ordonez 's two - run homer , his first of the year . Detroit added another run in the fourth on Scott Sizemore 's sacrifice fly .
MIAMI -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have been waiting for Hiroki Kuroda in his first Opening Day start . Kuroda pitched eight innings of five - hit ball , Manny Ramirez had two hits and drove in a run and the Dodgers beat the Florida Marlins 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Kuroda ( 1 - 0 ) allowed an unearned run and five hits in eight innings , striking out seven and walking one . Manny Ramirez had two hits and drove in a run for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Florida 's Chris Volstad ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out two and walked one . Jonathan Broxton got the final two outs in the eighth , and Jonathan Broxton got the final two outs in the eighth . Jonathan Broxton struck out two in the eighth , and Jose Veras gave up a two - run double to James Loney in the ninth . Helms batted for Kuroda and hit a two - out , two - run double off Renyel Pinto in the ninth to make it 7 - 1 . Renyel Pinto came on in the ninth and gave up a two - run double to James Loney and a two - run double to Russell Martin . The Marlins scored two runs in the sixth to take a 4 - 1 lead . Casey Blake 's RBI double tied the score at 1 - all , and Jorge Cantu followed with an RBI single to make it 1 - 0 . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth on Blake DeWitt 's two - out RBI single .
PITTSBURGH -- The Los Angeles Dodgers ' Chad Billingsley could n't find the strike zone . Billingsley pitched into the sixth inning , Ronnie Belliard hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs , and the Dodgers beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Billingsley ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and five hits in 5 1/3 innings , striking out seven and walking four . The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 1.69 ERA in three starts against the Pirates this season . The Dodgers have won five of their last six games , and the Dodgers have won six of their past seven games . The Pirates have lost seven of their past nine games and are 3 - 11 in their past 13 games . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . Paul Maholm ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs , six hits and two walks in six innings for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . The Pirates have lost six of their past seven games and are 3 - 11 in their past 13 games . They have n't scored more than three runs in any of their past 12 games .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Miguel Cabrera and the Detroit Tigers are finally starting to look like themselves . Cabrera had four hits , including a three - run homer in the eighth inning , and the Tigers beat the Kansas City Royals 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Magglio Ordonez went 3 - for - 4 with a home run and scored three runs for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Cabrera had four hits , including a three - run homer off Luis Mendoza ( 0 - 1 ) in the eighth inning that put Detroit ahead 4 - 2 . Cabrera had four hits , including a three - run homer in the eighth that gave the Tigers a 4 - 2 lead . It was the first cycle in the majors this season -- the most in the majors this season -- and tied for the most in the American League . Eddie Bonine ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . Brian Bannister gave up one run and six hits in six innings for the Royals , who have lost five of six . Willis allowed two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Royals ' Dontrelle Willis allowed two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Royals scored three runs in the ninth off Roman Colon and Rick Ankiel and a sacrifice fly by Rick Ankiel . Ryan Raburn had a bases - loaded walk in the ninth , and Austin Jackson hit an RBI double and scored on Rick Ankiel 's sacrifice fly . Cabrera had four hits , including a three - run homer in the eighth that made it 4 - 2 .
BOSTON -- The New York Yankees ' bullpen could n't hold a 1 - 1 lead in the 10th inning . Curtis Granderson hit a go - ahead homer in the 10th inning , and the Yankees beat the Boston Red Sox 3 - 1 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Park ( 1 - 1 ) pitched three scoreless innings for his first major league win , and Mariano Rivera worked a perfect 10th for his second save . Papelbon ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and one hit in 1 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out one . Curtis Granderson hit a solo homer in the 10th to give the Yankees a 2 - 1 lead , and Mark Teixeira added an RBI grounder in the 10th . It was the first time the Yankees had scored more than three runs in a game this season . The Red Sox have lost seven of their last nine games and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game road trip . The Red Sox have lost six of seven and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game road trip . The Red Sox have lost six of seven and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game road trip . The Red Sox have lost six of seven and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game road trip . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . They were swept in a three - game series at Fenway Park for the first time this season . They were swept in a three - game series at Fenway Park for the first time this season . The Red Sox fell to 0 - 4 against the Yankees this season . They have lost six of their last seven games and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . The Red Sox have lost six of their last seven games and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . The Red Sox have lost six of their last seven games and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game homestand .
ATLANTA -- The Atlanta Braves have been waiting for Troy Glaus to take advantage of the opportunity . Glaus hit a three - run homer in the seventh inning , Tommy Hanson pitched three - hit ball into the seventh inning and the Braves beat the Philadelphia Phillies 9 - 3 on Tuesday night . Chipper Jones hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Troy Glaus added a three - run shot off Chad Durbin in the seventh to give Atlanta a 9 - 3 lead . Hanson ( 5 - 3 ) allowed one run and three hits , walked three and struck out two in 6 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 3.78 in his last six starts , including a 4 - 1 loss to the Phillies in his last start . Joe Blanton ( 1 - 4 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in six innings for the Phillies , who have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Glaus , who hit a two - run homer in the first inning , added a three - run shot off Chad Durbin in the seventh to make it 9 - 3 . It was the first homer of the season for Glaus , who hit a two - run homer in the 10th inning of the Braves ' 3 - 2 win over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . The Braves took a 3 - 0 lead in the first . Yunel Escobar had a two - run single , and Eric Hinske drove in a run with a single to make it 3 - 0 . The Braves added three runs in the third . Carlos Ruiz had an RBI double and scored on a double by Ben Francisco to make it 6 - 1 . The Braves added a run in the seventh on Wilson Valdez 's RBI double and a run - scoring groundout by Ross Gload .
ST. LOUIS -- The St. Louis Cardinals ' Jaime Garcia gave the Cincinnati Reds exactly what they needed . Garcia pitched six strong innings and Matt Holliday hit a two - run double , leading the Cardinals to a 12 - 4 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Garcia ( 5 - 2 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . Garcia had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fifth to give the Cardinals a 7 - 3 lead . Arroyo ( 5 - 3 ) gave up seven runs -- seven earned -- and 10 hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out one . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Jonny Gomes and a sacrifice fly by Orlando Cabrera . The Cardinals tied it in the second on a two - run double by Skip Schumaker and a two - run double by Felipe Lopez . The Cardinals scored three runs in the fourth to take a 7 - 3 lead . Ryan Ludwick 's sacrifice fly and Matt Holliday 's two - run double gave the Cardinals a 7 - 3 lead . The Cardinals added three more in the sixth on a two - run double by Albert Pujols and a two - run double by Jon Jay . Arroyo ( 5 - 3 ) allowed seven runs -- seven earned -- and 10 hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out a season - high five and walked five . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Jonny Gomes ' two - run single . Jonny Gomes ' two - out , two - run single in the first gave the Cardinals a 2 - 0 lead .
LOS ANGELES -- Manny Ramirez and the Los Angeles Dodgers are on their longest winning streak of the season . Manny Ramirez and Chris Young hit back - to - back homers , Matt Kemp had three hits and the Dodgers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 4 - 4 on Tuesday night . Manny Ramirez and Chris Snyder also homered for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Justin Upton hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Chris Young added a solo shot in the second . Chris Vasquez ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up one run and one hit in two - thirds of an inning . Jonathan Broxton ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win , and Dodgers rookie Rodrigo Lopez allowed four runs -- two earned -- and six hits in a career - high eight innings . He struck out four and walked one . Billingsley struck out 11 and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander struck out 11 and walked none in his first start against the Dodgers since July 29 , 2009 , when he was with the Los Angeles Dodgers . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a leadoff homer by Chris Young and a run - scoring single by Matt Kemp . Young led off the second with a homer to left - center , and Ramirez led off the second with a drive into the left - field pavilion . It was the first homer allowed by Billingsley this season . Ramirez led off the second with a homer to left - center , and Ramirez led off the second with a drive into the left - field pavilion . Billingsley struck out 11 in eight innings , giving up four runs and six hits .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Freddy Garcia pitched seven strong innings , Alex Rios hit a two - run homer and the Chicago White Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Garcia ( 4 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Matt Thornton got the last four outs for his second save , and the White Sox won for the seventh time in nine games . The White Sox have won six of seven . Price ( 7 - 2 ) gave up three runs , four hits and four walks in seven innings . He struck out four . The White Sox have lost four of five . Rios hit a two - run homer in the fourth off Price , who allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out four . Ramon Castro hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 1 in the fourth on Reid Brignac 's RBI single . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run homer by Alex Rios . Tampa Bay took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring double by Evan Longoria and a run - scoring single by Reid Brignac off Sergio Santos . Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 1 on Rios ' two - run homer in the fourth . The White Sox tied it in the bottom half on Ramon Castro 's first homer of the season , a solo shot to center . Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 1 on B. J. Upton 's leadoff triple in the bottom of the sixth . The White Sox had runners on first and second with no outs in the third , but Garcia escaped the jam by striking out Price .
SAN DIEGO -- Ian Desmond and Josh Willingham hit back - to - back home runs in the seventh inning , leading the Washington Nationals to a 5 - 3 victory over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night . The Nationals had a season - high 16 hits , including three in the seventh inning , and a run - scoring single by Chris Denorfia in the ninth . Lannan ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one earned run and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out one and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Matt Capps gave up a run in the ninth before finishing for his 17th save in as many chances . Clayton Richard ( 4 - 3 ) allowed four runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Willingham hit a three - run homer in the fourth off Clayton Richard ( 4 - 3 ) , who allowed four runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Willingham hit a three - run homer in the fourth to give the Nationals a 3 - 0 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Richard in five starts this season . Willingham hit a three - run homer in the fourth to give the Nationals a 3 - 0 lead . It was his 19th of the season and second in two games . It was the fourth time this season the Nationals have hit back - to - back home runs . Willingham hit a three - run shot in the fourth to give the Nationals a 3 - 0 lead . It was his 19th of the season and second in two games . Willingham hit a three - run homer in the fourth to give the Nationals a 4 - 1 lead . It was Willingham 's 21st homer of the season and second in two games . The Padres added a run in the seventh on an RBI single by Denorfia .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The New York Yankees have been waiting for A. J. Burnett and the rest of the New York Yankees . Burnett pitched five innings of three - hit ball , Derek Jeter homered and the Yankees beat the Minnesota Twins 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Burnett ( 5 - 2 ) allowed three hits and two walks while striking out five . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last six starts . Mariano Rivera pitched the ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . The Yankees have won four of five and have been shut out for the first time this season . Brian Duensing ( 2 - 1 ) gave up a run and two hits in three innings for the Twins , who have lost five of six . The Twins have lost six of seven and have been shut out for the first time this season . Jeter 's homer in the sixth off Brian Duensing ( 2 - 1 ) gave the Yankees a 1 - 0 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Duensing this season . Jeter 's homer in the sixth gave the Yankees a 1 - 0 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Duensing in five starts this season , and the first time he 's given up more than two earned runs in a game . The Twins have been shut out five times this season , all in the first two games of the series . They have n't scored more than three runs in any of their last six games , but the Twins have n't scored more than three runs in any of their last six games .
DENVER -- The Colorado Rockies have n't been able to find a way to get back to the postseason . Troy Tulowitzki and Brad Hawpe homered , Jhoulys Chacin pitched six solid innings and the Colorado Rockies beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Chacin ( 3 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings , striking out five and walking two . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.05 ERA in his last four starts . The Rockies have won five of their last six games . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Ian Kennedy ( 3 - 3 ) gave up three runs and five hits in five - plus innings . He walked four and struck out two . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring groundout by Justin Upton and a run - scoring double by Conor Jackson . Tulowitzki 's solo homer in the third made it 3 - 0 , and Brad Hawpe homered in the third to give the Rockies a 3 - 0 lead . It was Hawpe 's 22nd home run of the season and second in two games . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Conor Jackson 's RBI double and a run - scoring double by Seth Smith . Conor Jackson cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the sixth with a run - scoring double off Joe Beimel , who was making his major league debut . Joe Beimel pitched a perfect eighth , and Manny Corpas finished for his fourth save in six chances . Corpas pitched a scoreless ninth for his fourth save .
CLEVELAND -- Bronson Arroyo has been the Cleveland Indians ' most consistent starter . Arroyo pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Shin-Soo Choo homered twice and drove in three runs , and the Reds beat the Cleveland Indians 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Arroyo ( 4 - 2 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last five starts . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last five starts . The Reds have won six of their last seven games and have won seven of their last nine . The Reds have won six of their last seven games and are 5 - 14 since the All-Star break . Jonny Gomes hit a two - run homer for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Aaron Laffey ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and two hits in one - plus innings for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Choo hit a solo homer in the first and a two - run shot off Jake Westbrook in the fifth to make it 4 - all . Nix doubled in the sixth and scored on Orlando Cabrera 's single to make it 6 - 4 . Nix doubled in a run in the fifth and scored on a single by Ryan Hanigan to make it 6 - 4 . Nix doubled in a run in the fifth and scored on a two - out double by Trevor Crowe . Nix doubled in a run in the fifth and scored on a single by Ryan Hanigan to make it 6 - 4 . Nix doubled in a run in the fifth and scored on Orlando Cabrera 's single to make it 6 - 4 . Nix doubled in a run in the fifth and scored on a single by Ryan Hanigan to make it 6 - 4 . Nix doubled in a run in the fifth and scored on a single by Orlando Cabrera to make it 6 - 4 . Nix doubled in a run in the fifth and scored on a single by Trevor Crowe .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals have been waiting for Jose Guillen to come off the disabled list . Jose Guillen homered twice and drove in three runs , Brian Bannister pitched into the eighth inning and the Kansas City Royals beat the Colorado Rockies 9 - 2 on Tuesday night . Jose Guillen hit a pair of two - run homers and Clint Barmes added a two - run shot for the Royals . Bannister ( 3 - 3 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in 7 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out four . The Rockies have won three straight and six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Hammel ( 1 - 3 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Rockies added three runs in the seventh off reliever Esmil Rogers . Alberto Callaspo led off with a double and scored on Scott Podsednik 's sacrifice fly . Mike Aviles had an RBI single in the seventh , and Clint Barmes hit a two - run homer off Esmil Rogers in the eighth to make it 6 - 2 . The Rockies added three runs in the eighth off Rafael Betancourt . Barmes hit a two - run homer off Rafael Betancourt , who was making his major league debut after being recalled from Triple-A Colorado Springs earlier in the day . Barmes hit a two - run homer off Esmil Rogers in the bottom half , giving the Royals a 6 - 2 lead . It was Barmes ' eighth homer of the season and second in two games . The Rockies added three runs in the eighth off Esmil Rogers .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Coco Crisp and the Oakland Athletics are doing their best to get back to the Bay Area . Crisp hit a sacrifice fly in the seventh inning , Rajai Davis drove in three runs and the A 's beat the San Francisco Giants 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Trevor Cahill ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one run and six hits in 6 2/3 innings to win for the first time in four starts . The right - hander struck out four and walked one in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained muscle in his left side . The A 's have won four straight and seven of nine . Barry Zito ( 6 - 2 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . The A 's scored three runs in the third to take a 3 - 0 lead . Davis hit a two - run double and scored on Davis ' sacrifice fly . The A 's made it 3 - 0 in the third on a two - run double by Davis and a run - scoring double by Davis . The A 's added a run in the seventh on an RBI double by Andres Torres and a run - scoring single by Ryan Sweeney . The Giants added a run in the seventh when Adam Rosales reached on an infield single and scored on Andres Torres ' double . Crisp 's sacrifice fly in the bottom half made it 6 - 1 and chased Cahill . Brad Ziegler , Santiago Casilla and Denny Bautista completed the six - hitter for the A 's , who have won four straight .
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting for a long time to celebrate . Nick Markakis hit a game - ending RBI single in the 10th inning , and the Orioles beat the Kansas City Royals 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Baltimore 's Zack Greinke allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . The right - hander struck out six and walked one . Luke Bullington ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing a run and two hits in one - third of an inning . Alfredo Simon ( 1 - 1 ) worked 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Baltimore took a 3 - 0 lead in the fifth . Alberto Callaspo singled , stole second and scored on a single by Mitch Maier . Chris Getz followed with a run - scoring single , Alberto Callaspo singled in a run and Scott Scott hit a two - out solo homer in the bottom half . It was the first multihomer game of the season for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Millwood allowed three runs and 10 hits in eight innings . The right - hander struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Alberto Callaspo hit a two - out double and scored on a single by Scott Podsednik . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the bottom half when Alberto Callaspo hit a one - out single and scored on a single by Chris Getz . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the bottom half when Alberto Callaspo singled and scored on a single by Mitch Maier .
CINCINNATI -- Corey Hart and Jonny Gomes each hit a pair of homers , and Johnny Cueto pitched seven strong innings to lead the Cincinnati Reds to a 6 - 3 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Hart hit a solo homer off Todd Coffey ( 1 - 1 ) in the fourth inning and added a solo shot off reliever Daniel Herrera in the ninth . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Hart , who hit a three - run shot in Tuesday 's 5 - 4 win over the Brewers . Gomes ' three - run homer off Daniel Herrera in the seventh gave the Reds a 6 - 1 lead . Cueto ( 3 - 1 ) allowed one run and seven hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking one . The right - hander has won his last three starts against the Brewers , who have won three of four . The Brewers have won six of their last seven games . The Brewers have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park since the start of the 2010 season . The Brewers have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Brewers have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park since the start of the 2010 season . The Brewers have lost seven of their last nine games . The Brewers have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park since the start of the 2010 season . The Brewers have lost seven of their last nine games . The Brewers have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park since the start of the 2010 season . The Brewers have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park since the start of the 2010 season . The Brewers have lost seven of their last nine games . The Brewers have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park since the start of the 2010 season . The Brewers have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park since the start of the 2010 season . The Brewers have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park this season .
MIAMI -- The Florida Marlins had a lot of chances against John Maine . Luis Castillo had two hits and drove in two runs , Nate Robertson pitched into the sixth inning and the Marlins beat the New York Mets 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Hanley Ramirez had three hits and drove in a run for the Marlins , who have won three of four . Nate Robertson ( 4 - 3 ) allowed three runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Marlins , who have won four of five . The Mets scored three runs in the first inning off John Maine ( 1 - 3 ) , who allowed six runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out five . David Wright hit a solo homer for the Mets , who have lost four of five . The Mets scored three runs in the first inning to take a 3 - 0 lead . Dan Uggla drew a bases - loaded walk , and Cody Ross and Jorge Cantu hit back - to - back doubles to give the Mets a 3 - 0 lead . Wright 's sacrifice fly in the third gave the Marlins a 3 - 0 lead . Wright 's sacrifice fly in the third gave the Marlins a 3 - 0 lead . Wright 's sacrifice fly in the third gave the Marlins a 3 - 0 lead . Wright 's sacrifice fly in the third gave the Marlins a 3 - 0 lead . Maybin had a two - run single in the second and a sacrifice fly in the fifth to make it 7 - 3 . Castillo 's RBI double in the seventh made it 7 - 4 .
CINCINNATI -- The St. Louis Cardinals have been waiting for Albert Pujols . Pujols hit a two - run homer , Jaime Garcia pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Cincinnati Reds 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Pujols hit a two - run homer in the third inning off Aaron Harang ( 2 - 5 ) , and Ludwick added a two - run shot in the seventh . Garcia ( 4 - 2 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Cardinals have won four of their last five games . Ryan Franklin gave up Drew Stubbs ' two - run homer in the seventh , but held on for his eighth save in nine chances . Jonny Gomes had three hits for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Harang ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Cardinals have lost five of six and are 2 - 4 on their nine - game homestand . The Reds have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park this season . The Reds have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park this season . The Reds have lost six of seven . They 've lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost six of their last seven games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park this season .
MIAMI -- Fernando Nieve ( 1 - 2 ) walked Cody Ross to load the bases with one out in the ninth inning , and the Florida Marlins rallied for a 2 - 1 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Nieve ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth inning for the win . Fernando Hensley pitched a perfect eighth and Leo Nunez ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Fernando Nieve ( 1 - 2 ) walked Cody Ross leading off the ninth , then gave up a single to Cody Ross and a walk to pinch - hitter Dan Francoeur . Cody Oviedo ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the Marlins , who have won four of five . Fernando Nieve ( 1 - 2 ) walked Cody Ross leading off the ninth , then gave up a single to Cody Ross and a walk to pinch - hitter Dan Francoeur . Cody Oviedo ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Santana allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Rod Barajas ' two - out RBI single . Chris Coghlan 's RBI single in the third gave the Mets a 1 - 0 lead . The Mets tied it in the third when Gaby Sanchez singled , stole second and came home on a single by Chris Coghlan . The Marlins tied the game at 1 in the third . Jason Bay led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on a throwing error by third baseman Brian Barden . Bay scored on a wild pitch to make it 1 - 0 .
PHOENIX -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are on the verge of a playoff spot in the NL West . Andre Ethier hit a two - run homer , Hiroki Kuroda pitched into the eighth inning and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Manny Ramirez had a three - run double and Adam LaRoche drove in three runs for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Dodgers starter Edwin Jackson ( 1 - 5 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings , striking out eight and walking four . Andre Ethier hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Diamondbacks , who have lost five of six . Kuroda ( 4 - 1 ) allowed three runs and six hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Jonathan Broxton pitched the ninth for his fourth save in six chances . Kuroda ( 4 - 1 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out nine , walked one and hit a batter . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Matt Kemp led off with a double and Ethier followed with a two - run homer to left - center to give the Dodgers a 2 - 0 lead . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth . Jamey Carroll drew a one - out walk , stole second and scored on Matt Kemp 's single to center . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . LaRoche hit a two - run double and Ramirez followed with a three - run double to give the Dodgers a 3 - 2 lead .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Carl Pavano has been a big part of the Minnesota Twins ' starting rotation . Pavano pitched seven strong innings , Denard Span had two hits and an RBI and the Twins beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Pavano ( 4 - 3 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out four and walked one . Jon Rauch pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save . John Danks ( 3 - 2 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in seven innings for the White Sox . He struck out three and walked three . Justin Morneau had two hits and drove in a run for the White Sox , who have lost five of six . The White Sox have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The White Sox have lost six of their last seven games . The White Sox scored two runs in the first inning on Paul Konerko 's RBI single and Denard Span 's RBI single . Denard Span 's RBI single in the fourth gave the Twins a 3 - 2 lead . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Matt Guerrier struck out Mark Teahen to end the threat . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Matt Guerrier struck out Mark Teahen to end the inning . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Matt Guerrier struck out pinch - hitter Nick Punto to end the threat .
DETROIT -- Eddie Bonine was n't surprised to see Brennan Boesch 's go - ahead , two - run single in the first inning , and the Detroit Tigers did n't waste any time scoring . Brennan Boesch hit a two - run single in the first inning and the Detroit Tigers beat the New York Yankees 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Mark Teixeira hit a two - run homer in the third , and Johnny Damon hit a solo shot in the fifth for a 4 - 2 lead . Brennan Boesch had a two - run single in the first and a run - scoring triple in the seventh . Eddie Bonine ( 3 - 0 ) pitched 2 1/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . Jose Valverde struck out the side in the ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . Detroit 's Sergio Mitre ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and five hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out four . The Yankees scored two runs in the first on a single by Magglio Ordonez and a groundout by Austin Jackson . Detroit added a run in the second on a double - play grounder by Nick Swisher and a two - run homer by Mark Teixeira . The Yankees added two more runs in the eighth on an RBI single by Brett Gardner and Marcus Thames ' run - scoring infield single . The Yankees had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Jose Valverde struck out the side for his ninth save in 10 chances . New York 's Miguel Cabrera had two hits and scored two runs .
CHICAGO -- Carlos Quentin had three hits and scored twice to help the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Chicago White Sox 9 - 7 on Tuesday night . Carlos Quentin had three hits and drove in a run for the Blue Jays , who took two of three from the White Sox . Carlos Quentin had three hits and drove in a run for the White Sox , who have won five of six . Wells had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in two runs for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Jenks ( 1 - 1 ) was charged with four runs , three earned , and four hits in 3 1/3 innings . Kevin Gregg pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . The White Sox trailed 7 - 5 in the eighth before Fred Lewis hit a three - run homer off Jason Frasor ( 2 - 1 ) . Rios went 4 - for - 4 with a walk and scored three runs for the White Sox , who have lost five of six . Wells had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third that put the White Sox ahead 5 - 3 . Wells had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third that put the White Sox ahead 5 - 3 . The White Sox took a 6 - 5 lead in the seventh on a run - scoring double by Jayson Nix and a run - scoring single by Alex Gonzalez . Chicago starter Ricky Romero gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked five .
HOUSTON -- Pedro Feliz 's sacrifice fly in the bottom of the ninth inning gave the Houston Astros a 4 - 3 win over the San Diego Padres on Friday night . Hunter Pence hit a two - out , two - run homer in the bottom of the inning to give the Astros a 4 - 3 win over the San Diego Padres . Pedro Feliz 's sacrifice fly off Ryan Webb ( 0 - 1 ) made it 3 - all in the 11th . Brandon Lyon ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning for the win . Lance Berkman led off the 11th with a single off Ryan Webb ( 0 - 1 ) and advanced to second on a wild pitch . Pence followed with a double to right - center field to score Berkman and tie it at 3 . Pedro Feliz tied it at 3 with a sacrifice fly off Heath Bell in the ninth . Tim Stauffer had a two - run double in the fifth and Carlos Lee added a solo homer in the sixth for the Astros . Padres starter Roy Oswalt gave up three runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out nine and walked one . The Padres had a chance to add to the lead in the ninth . Pinch-hitter Kazuo Matsui led off with a pinch - hit double and advanced to third on a wild pitch . Brandon Lyon ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning for the win . The Astros have won six of their last seven games . Houston starter Tim Stauffer gave up six hits and three runs in a season - low five innings . He struck out one and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . San Diego 's Tony Gwynn Jr. extended his hitting streak to a career - high 14 games with an RBI single in the fifth . Tony Gwynn Jr. had an RBI single in the fifth for the Padres .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Scott Baker has been the Minnesota Twins ' starting rotation since the All-Star break . Baker pitched eight innings of three - hit ball , Luke Scott homered and the Twins beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Baker ( 4 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in eight innings , striking out eight and walking none . The right - hander struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the third time this season . The Twins have lost six of seven and have lost six of seven . Millwood ( 0 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked three . Luke Scott homered for the Orioles , who have lost five of six . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Orioles have lost seven of their last 10 games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Target Field this season . The Orioles have lost seven of their last 10 games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Target Field this season . Justin Morneau hit a two - out double in the sixth and scored on a double by Nick Punto to make it 3 - 1 . Young added an RBI double in the eighth , and Young added an RBI double in the eighth .
NEW YORK -- Henry Blanco and the New York Mets have been waiting for a long time to come through . Henry Blanco hit a game - ending homer in the 11th inning to give the Mets a 5 - 4 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night . Henry Blanco had three hits , including a solo homer in the 11th inning that gave the Mets a 5 - 4 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night . Henry Blanco had three hits , including a solo homer in the 11th inning that gave the Mets a 5 - 4 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night . Henry Medders , Hisanori Takahashi ( 3 - 1 ) , Jenrry Mejia and Francisco Rodriguez combined for 2 2/3 innings of scoreless relief . Mota ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up one run and one hit in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth . It was the first blown save of the season for Mota ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up a leadoff homer to Henry Blanco in the 11th . It was the first game - ending homer of Blanco 's career . It was the second game - ending homer of the season for the Mets , who have won five of their last six games . Henry Blanco hit a solo homer in the 11th to give the Giants a 4 - 3 lead . The Giants had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - hitter John Bowker drew a one - out walk and went to second on a wild pitch . Hisanori Takahashi ( 3 - 1 ) struck out two in a perfect 11th to earn the win . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Giants have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Giants have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand .
LOS ANGELES -- Jhoulys Chacin has been a big part of the Colorado Rockies ' 8 - 0 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Monday night . Chacin pitched 7 1/3 innings of six - hit ball , Ian Stewart homered and drove in three runs , and the Rockies beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 8 - 0 . Chacin ( 2 - 0 ) struck out seven and walked two in 7 1/3 innings , allowing six hits . He struck out seven and walked two . Carlos Gonzalez had three RBIs and Troy Tulowitzki had two hits and two RBIs for the Rockies , who have won three of four . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Haeger ( 0 - 4 ) was charged with five runs , two hits and three walks in one - third of an inning . The right - hander was charged with five runs -- five earned -- and two hits in his shortest outing of the season . The Dodgers ' Ramon Ortiz gave up two runs and six hits in five innings , struck out four and walked two . The right - hander was coming off a two - hit shutout in his first start of the season in which he gave up six runs in 2 1/3 innings of a 10 - 1 loss at San Francisco . The Rockies ' only run came on Clint Barmes ' two - out RBI single in the sixth . Andre Ethier had three hits for Los Angeles , including a two - out single in the ninth . He was replaced by pinch - runner Ronnie Belliard , who walked .
ST. LOUIS -- The St. Louis Cardinals ' bullpen could n't hold it . Albert Pujols hit a go - ahead RBI double in the eighth inning and the Cardinals rallied for a 6 - 3 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Skip Schumaker had an RBI single in the eighth and Joey Votto had an RBI single in the eighth for St. Louis . Ryan Franklin ( 1 - 0 ) struck out two in 1 1/3 1 1/3 innings to earn his first major league win . David Freese homered and drove in a run for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Cincinnati starter Kyle Bailey gave up three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out a season - high six and walked none . The Reds took a 3 - 1 lead in the eighth on a bases - loaded sacrifice fly by Scott Rolen and a bases - loaded walk to Albert Pujols . The Reds tied it at 1 in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Orlando Cabrera and a bases - loaded walk to Albert Pujols . The Reds tied it in the eighth on Matt Holliday 's bases - loaded walk and Joey Votto 's run - scoring single . The Reds took a 3 - 1 lead in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Orlando Cabrera and a bases - loaded walk to Pujols . The Cardinals tied it at 1 in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Scott Rolen and a sacrifice fly by Orlando Cabrera . Cincinnati tied it at 1 in the seventh on Orlando Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . The Reds tied it at 1 in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Orlando Cabrera .
SAN DIEGO -- Yovani Gallardo and the Milwaukee Brewers did n't need much offense . Gallardo struck out 11 in seven strong innings , Rickie Weeks homered and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the San Diego Padres 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Gallardo ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings , struck out a season - high 11 and walked two . The right - hander was coming off a two - hit shutout against San Francisco in his previous start , a 1 - 0 win over the Chicago Cubs . Rickie Weeks homered for the second straight game and Chase Headley had three hits for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Mat Latos ( 1 - 3 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked three . Trevor Hoffman pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save in five chances . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . San Diego 's Adrian Gonzalez hit an RBI single in the third , but the Padres tied it in the bottom half on Ryan Braun 's two - out single . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Gallardo struck out Prince Fielder and got Adrian Gonzalez to ground into a double play .
ATLANTA -- Jair Jurrjens has been a big part of the Atlanta Braves ' four - game winning streak . Jurrjens pitched five solid innings and the Atlanta Braves beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Jurrjens ( 1 - 3 ) gave up six hits , one run and two walks in five - plus innings . He struck out six , including the side in the first inning . The Braves , who have lost four of five , took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Martin Prado 's sacrifice fly . The Braves scored three runs in the fourth to take a 3 - 0 lead . Gregor Blanco led off with a single , stole second and scored on Brian McCann 's ground - rule double to left - center . The Braves added a run in the sixth on a bases - loaded walk to Eric Hinske and a bases - loaded walk to Eric Hinske . Jurrjens ( 1 - 4 ) gave up three runs and six hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out two . Martin Prado had a sacrifice fly in the fourth and Eric Hinske drew a bases - loaded walk in the seventh to make it 4 - 1 . Martin Prado had a sacrifice fly in the fourth and Eric Hinske drew a bases - loaded walk in the seventh to make it 4 - 1 . Martin Prado had a sacrifice fly in the fourth and Eric Hinske drew a bases - loaded walk in the seventh to make it 4 - 1 . Martin Prado had a sacrifice fly in the fourth and Eric Hinske drew a bases - loaded walk in the seventh to make it 4 - 1 .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres ' 13 - 3 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Friday night was their biggest inning of the season . Richard ( 6 - 4 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings , struck out a season - high 10 and walked one . The right - hander struck out a season - high 10 and walked one . Richard ( 6 - 4 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings , struck out a season - high 10 and walked one . The right - hander is 6 - 0 in his last eight starts against the Rockies , who have won six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Jeff Francis ( 2 - 3 ) gave up eight runs and seven hits in three - plus innings . He walked three and struck out none . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run double by Scott Hairston and a two - run double by Everth Cabrera . San Diego took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run double by Hairston and a two - run double by Jonathan Herrera . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run double by Hairston and a run - scoring single by Chase Headley . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run double by Hairston and a sacrifice fly by Nick Hundley . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run double by Everth Cabrera and a sacrifice fly by Tony Gwynn Jr ..
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles have n't lost a game this season , and the Washington Nationals have n't been able to make the playoffs . Scott Moore hit a two - run homer , Nyjer Morgan had four hits and the Orioles beat Jake Arrieta and the Washington Nationals 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Baltimore took a 6 - 0 lead into the bottom of the fifth inning , but the Orioles went up 6 - 0 in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Adam Jones and a run - scoring single by Nyjer Morgan . The Orioles closed to 6 - 3 in the fifth on a sacrifice fly by Miguel Tejada and a run - scoring single by Nick Markakis . Baltimore went up 6 - 0 in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Dunn and a run - scoring single by Ivan Rodriguez . Baltimore went up 6 - 0 in the fourth . Cesar Izturis led off with a double and scored on a single by Morgan , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Morgan followed with an RBI double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Josh Willingham . Arrieta allowed six runs and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . Alfredo Simon ( 2 - 1 ) worked the eighth and Matt Capps got the final out in the eighth . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Dunn and a sacrifice fly by Dunn . In the third , Morgan doubled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Dunn . In the fourth , Morgan doubled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Dunn .
BALTIMORE -- Miguel Tejada hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs , Dan Uggla had four hits and drove in three runs , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Florida Marlins 11 - 5 on Tuesday night . Tejada hit a three - run homer in the seventh inning and added a three - run shot in the seventh off James Houser , who gave up three runs and three hits in 1 1/3 innings . Adam Jones homered and drove in two runs for the Marlins , who have won four of five . Kevin Millwood ( 2 - 8 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in five innings for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Kevin Millwood ( 2 - 8 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in five innings for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Nate Robertson ( 5 - 6 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 2 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Orioles took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a run - scoring single by Uggla and a run - scoring single by Hanley Ramirez . Baltimore took a 5 - 3 lead in the third on a run - scoring double by Luke Scott and a run - scoring single by Ty Wigginton . In the bottom half , Gaby Sanchez doubled in a run and scored on a single by Uggla . In the bottom half , Julio Lugo singled in a run and Tejada followed with a run - scoring single . Uggla followed with an RBI single to make it 7 - 4 .
MILWAUKEE -- Justin Morneau had a three - run double in the Milwaukee Brewers ' 5 - 3 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Justin Morneau had three hits for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Rickie Weeks had three hits and drove in three runs for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Manny Parra ( 2 - 5 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Francisco Liriano ( 6 - 5 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Corey Hart and a two - run single by Delmon Young . Milwaukee tied it in the bottom half on Rickie Weeks ' two - run single . Weeks ' two - out , two - run single in the fourth gave Milwaukee a 3 - 2 lead . Rickie Weeks had three hits , including a two - run single in the fourth that gave the Brewers a 3 - 2 lead . Weeks had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth to give the Brewers a 3 - 2 lead . Rickie Weeks had three hits and drove in three runs for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Minnesota took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Rickie Weeks and a run - scoring single by Ryan Braun . Rickie Weeks had a two - run single in the fourth to make it 3 - 2 .
DETROIT -- The Detroit Tigers had a chance to take the lead in the eighth inning . Brandon Inge hit a go - ahead triple and scored the go - ahead run on Alex Avila 's single , and the Tigers rallied for a 7 - 5 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night . Brandon Valverde pitched a perfect ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . Magglio Ordonez hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Miguel Montero added a solo shot in the fourth to give the Diamondbacks a 4 - 1 lead . Stephen Drew had a run - scoring single in the fifth , and Chris Young hit a two - run single in the sixth to give the Diamondbacks a 5 - 4 lead . Phil Coke ( 5 - 0 ) got two outs for the win . Chad Qualls ( 1 - 4 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and three hits in a one - plus innings . He walked one and struck out one . Arizona starter Armando Galarraga gave up four runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Arizona starter Dontrelle Willis gave up five runs and five hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out four . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Ordonez and a two - run single by Chris Young . Ordonez hit a two - run homer in the first , and Montero led off the fourth with his first homer of the season . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Drew and a run - scoring double by Danny Worth .
MIAMI -- Texas Rangers manager Ron Washington wanted to keep Alexi Ogando from getting his first major league win . Alexi Ogando ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 2 1/3 scoreless innings to earn his first major league win , and the Rangers beat the Florida Marlins 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Ogando ( 2 - 0 ) struck out four in 2 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Neftali Feliz pitched the ninth for his 18th save in 21 chances . Vladimir Guerrero hit a solo homer for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Ian Kinsler drove in three runs for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Ricky Nolasco ( 5 - 6 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Rangers scored three runs in the second inning to take a 4 - 3 lead . Ronny Paulino hit a two - run double and Chris Coghlan drove in a run with a fielder 's choice . Texas scored three times in the fifth to take a 4 - 3 lead . Elvis Andrus hit a two - run single and Michael Young followed with a run - scoring single to make it 4 - 3 . Kinsler 's two - run double in the fifth gave the Rangers a 4 - 3 lead . Kinsler 's two - run double in the fifth gave the Rangers a 4 - 3 lead . Kinsler 's two - run double in the fifth gave the Rangers a 4 - 3 lead . Kinsler 's two - run double in the fifth gave the Rangers a 4 - 3 lead .
CHICAGO -- Ryan Dempster has been a big part of the Chicago Cubs ' rotation . Dempster pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Derrek Lee and Alfonso Soriano each drove in a run and the Cubs beat the Oakland Athletics 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Dempster ( 5 - 5 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Dempster is 1 - 4 in his last six starts . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Cubs , who have won four of five , took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Ryan Sweeney and a sacrifice fly by Starlin Castro . Cubs starter Gio Gonzalez ( 6 - 5 ) gave up six runs -- six earned -- and eight hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out three . Derrek Lee homered for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Oakland took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Starlin Castro 's sacrifice fly and Xavier Nady 's run - scoring single . Daric Barton had an RBI groundout in the seventh for the A 's , who have lost four of five . The A 's scored two runs in the first inning off Gio Gonzalez ( 6 - 5 ) , who gave up six runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Cubs took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Ryan Sweeney and a two - run single by Alfonso Soriano . The A 's made it 3 - 1 in the second . Conor Jackson led off with a double and scored on Castro 's sacrifice fly .
PITTSBURGH -- The Chicago White Sox needed a strong outing from Freddy Garcia to beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Gordon Beckham had two hits and three RBIs and Freddy Garcia ( 7 - 3 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings for the White Sox . Bobby Jenks pitched the ninth for his 12th save . Andrew McCutchen had three hits and three stolen bases for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Brad Lincoln ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs and six hits in six innings , walking three and striking out two . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on Beckham 's RBI groundout and Garrett Jones ' two - run double in the first . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Alexei Ramirez and a run - scoring single by McCutchen . The White Sox tied it in the second on Beckham 's RBI groundout and Garrett Jones ' two - run double in the first . The White Sox tied it in the second when Neil Walker led off with a double and scored on McCutchen 's single . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Beckham 's RBI groundout and Garrett Jones ' two - run double . The White Sox tied it in the fourth on an RBI single by Ryan Doumit and a run - scoring single by Alexei Ramirez . The White Sox tied it in the fourth on Beckham 's RBI groundout and McCutchen 's run - scoring single . The White Sox tied it in the fourth on Beckham 's RBI groundout and Garrett Jones ' two - run double .
DETROIT -- The Detroit Tigers have been waiting for Ryan Raburn to come off the disabled list . Raburn hit a go - ahead grand slam in the fifth inning , Max Scherzer struck out nine in six innings and the Detroit Tigers beat the Washington Nationals 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Raburn 's sacrifice fly in the first gave the Tigers a 4 - 2 lead , and the Tigers tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Josh Willingham . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Magglio Ordonez and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Nyjer Morgan . Detroit tied it in the bottom of the inning on Ivan Rodriguez 's RBI single . The Nationals tied it in the bottom of the inning on Carlos Guillen 's sacrifice fly . Morse led off the fourth with his first homer of the season , and Raburn hit a three - run shot off John Lannan ( 2 - 4 ) to give the Tigers a 7 - 4 lead . Scherzer ( 3 - 6 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- and seven hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked two . Jose Valverde pitched the ninth for his 14th save . John Lannan ( 2 - 4 ) gave up seven runs -- six earned -- and 10 hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out one . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Ryan Zimmerman 's sacrifice fly . The Nationals tied it in the second on a run - scoring double by Nyjer Morgan and a run - scoring single by Josh Willingham . Detroit tied it in the bottom of the inning on Ordonez 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by Ryan Zimmerman . The Nationals tied it in the bottom of the inning on a run - scoring single by Raburn and a run - scoring double by Josh Willingham . Washington tied it in the bottom of the inning on Ordonez 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by Josh Willingham .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins have n't been able to find a way to get back to the postseason . Jason Kubel hit a two - run homer , Carl Pavano pitched seven strong innings and the Twins beat the Colorado Rockies 9 - 3 on Tuesday night . Troy Tulowitzki and Matt Tolbert also homered for the Twins , who have won five of six . Pavano ( 7 - 6 ) allowed three runs and five hits in seven innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out five and walked one . The Twins have won four of their last five games , and the Twins have lost six of seven . Cook ( 2 - 4 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked three and struck out none . Todd Helton homered for the Rockies , who have lost five of six . The Rockies have lost five of six and have been outscored 32 - 11 in the first two games of the four - game series . The Rockies have lost five of six and have been outscored 32 - 11 in the first two games of the four - game series . The Rockies have lost five of six and have been outscored 32 - 11 in the first two games of the four - game series . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games and have been outscored 32 - 16 in that span . The Rockies have lost five of six and have been outscored 32 - 11 in the first two games of the four - game series . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games and have been outscored 32 - 16 in that span . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games and have been outscored 32 - 16 in that span . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games . Colorado 's Matt Tolbert hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot in the eighth .
CHICAGO -- Ted Lilly had his best stuff of the season , and the Chicago White Sox could n't do much against the Chicago White Sox . Lilly pitched one - hit ball over eight innings , Chad Tracy drove in the lone run and the Cubs beat the Chicago White Sox 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Lilly ( 2 - 5 ) struck out three and walked one in his longest outing of the season . Carlos Marmol pitched the ninth for his 13th save in 14 chances . Chicago 's Gavin Floyd ( 2 - 7 ) allowed only three hits and one run in eight innings . He struck out nine and walked three . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . Chicago 's Chad Tracy hit a two - out RBI single in the seventh to give the Cubs a 1 - 0 lead . The White Sox had runners on first and second with two outs in the seventh , but Lilly struck out Derrek Lee and got Carlos Quentin to fly out . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Lilly struck out Derrek Lee and got Paul Konerko to fly out . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Marmol got Andruw Jones to ground into a game - ending double play for his 13th save in 14 chances . Chicago 's Alfonso Soriano doubled in the first inning and scored on Chad Tracy 's single . The White Sox had runners on first and second with no outs in the third , but Lilly struck out Alexei Ramirez and Gordon Beckham to end the threat .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Aubrey Huff and the San Francisco Giants did n't need much offense . Huff hit a pair of two - run homers and Matt Cain pitched seven strong innings to lead the Giants to a 6 - 2 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . Huff hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning and added a two - run shot in the eighth off Dan Runzler to give the Giants a 6 - 2 lead . Cain ( 6 - 4 ) allowed one run and eight hits , struck out four and walked one in seven innings . Santiago Casilla got four outs for his second save . Vin Mazzaro ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in six innings for the A 's , who have lost four of five . The A 's lost their fourth straight game and dropped to a season - worst 11 games under .500 . The A 's lost for the fourth time in five games and fell to 1 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The A 's have lost six of seven . Uribe hit a solo homer in the sixth for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Uribe homered off Dan Runzler to make it 6 - 2 in the sixth . It was the first time the Giants hit back - to - back home runs this season and the first time they 've hit back - to - back home runs this season . The A 's tied it in the fourth on Bengie Molina 's RBI single . Powell 's RBI single in the fourth tied it at 1 .
CLEVELAND -- Fausto Carmona did n't need much run support . The right - hander threw a three - hitter , Carlos Santana homered and drove in three runs , and the Cleveland Indians beat the Washington Nationals 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Carmona ( 5 - 5 ) allowed one run and three hits , struck out seven and walked none in his second complete game of the season . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.30 ERA in his last five starts . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.30 ERA in his last six starts . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.30 ERA in his last six starts . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.30 ERA in his last six starts . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.30 ERA in his last six starts . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.30 ERA in his last six starts . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.30 ERA in his last six starts . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.30 ERA in his last six starts . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.30 ERA in his last six starts . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.30 ERA in his last six starts . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.30 ERA in his last six starts . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.30 ERA in his last six starts . The Indians have lost five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Martin homered off J. D. Martin ( 0 - 2 ) in the fifth , and Santana 's two - run double in the second gave the Indians a 5 - 0 lead . Santana 's two - run double in the second gave the Indians a 5 - 0 lead .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Toronto Blue Jays have won the first two games of the series against the Tampa Bay Rays . Alex Gonzalez hit a solo homer , Brett Cecil pitched into the seventh inning and the Blue Jays beat the Tampa Bay Rays 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Carlos Pena and Sean Rodriguez homered for the Blue Jays , who have won five of six . Cecil ( 7 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Blue Jays have won six of their last seven games . Wade Davis ( 5 - 6 ) gave up three runs , three earned , and seven hits in seven innings for Tampa Bay . He struck out seven and walked one . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead on Adam Lind 's two - out RBI single in the third . Gonzalez tied it at 1 with a solo homer in the second . Gonzalez tied it at 1 with a solo shot in the second . The Blue Jays tied it at 1 on Gonzalez 's solo homer in the second . The Blue Jays tied it in the third on Adam Lind 's RBI single . Gonzalez tied it at 1 with a solo homer in the bottom of the second . The Blue Jays tied it at 1 on Gonzalez 's solo homer in the second . The Blue Jays tied it in the third on a sacrifice fly by Hank Blalock . Gonzalez tied it in the bottom half with a sacrifice fly . Gonzalez tied it in the bottom half with a sacrifice fly . Gonzalez tied it with a sacrifice fly in the eighth .
LOS ANGELES -- The St. Louis Cardinals ' bullpen did n't need much help . Manny Ramirez 's RBI double with one out in the eighth inning lifted the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 1 - 0 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Wednesday night . Hiroki Kuroda gave up four hits in seven scoreless innings , striking out six and walking one . Jonathan Broxton pitched a scoreless ninth for his 15th save in 16 attempts . The Dodgers ' Chris Carpenter gave up six hits in seven innings , struck out five and walked one . The right - hander , who had won his previous three starts , gave up a leadoff single to Randy Winn in the first inning and a single to Ryan Ludwick in the fourth . But the right - hander escaped the jam by striking out Casey Blake and Albert Pujols to end the inning . Carpenter allowed six hits in seven innings , struck out five and walked one . The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 9.00 ERA in his previous four starts against the Dodgers , including a 1 - 0 victory at St. Louis on July 28 . The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Kuo ( 0 - 1 ) struck out Felipe Lopez and Skip Schumaker to end the threat . The Cardinals had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Kyle McClellan struck out pinch - hitter Garret Anderson to end the threat . Kuo ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win , and Jonathan Broxton pitched a scoreless ninth for his 15th save in 16 attempts .
NEW YORK -- Jeff Francoeur and the New York Mets are enjoying the way they 've been waiting for . Jeff Francoeur homered and drove in three runs , Pedro Feliciano ( 2 - 2 ) got the final out in the seventh inning and Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth for his 12th save in 15 chances to beat the Florida Marlins 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Dan Uggla and Cody Ross hit back - to - back home runs in the sixth inning off Hisanori Takahashi , and Angel Pagan hit a two - run single in the sixth to give the Marlins a 5 - 0 lead . The Mets took a 5 - 0 lead in the sixth on Jorge Cantu 's RBI single and Ronny Paulino 's sacrifice fly . Ross ( 2 - 2 ) got the final out in the seventh for the win . Clay Hensley ( 1 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up one run and one hit in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth . Clay Hensley ( 1 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up one run and one hit in one inning . Florida 's Ricky Nolasco gave up three runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . David Wright had three hits for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Florida scored three times in the sixth to take a 5 - 0 lead . David Wright led off with a double and scored on Chris Coghlan 's double to right - center . Chris Coghlan followed with a double and scored on Jorge Pagan 's two - out single to make it 2 - 0 . The Mets added three runs in the sixth . Barajas led off with a single , stole second and scored on Ronny Paulino 's sacrifice fly . Francoeur hit a three - run homer off Ryota Igarashi in the seventh .
ST. LOUIS -- Corey Hart and the Milwaukee Brewers did n't need much offense . Corey Hart drove in the go - ahead run with a sacrifice fly in the 10th inning and the Brewers beat the St. Louis Cardinals 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Corey Hart drove in the go - ahead run with a sacrifice fly in the 10th to give the Brewers a 4 - 3 lead . Corey Hart 's sacrifice fly off Jason Motte ( 2 - 2 ) made it 3 - all in the bottom of the ninth . Prince Fielder went 3 - for - 4 with a walk and scored a run for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Rickie Weeks led off the game with a double and scored on Ryan Braun 's single . Casey McGehee hit a sacrifice fly in the first and Colby Rasmus hit a solo homer in the third for the Cardinals , who have lost five of six . Pujols hit his major league - leading 32nd homer , a solo shot in the sixth , to cut the Cardinals ' lead to 3 - 2 . The Cardinals tied it in the eighth on Randy Winn 's sacrifice fly . Zach Braddock ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . John Axford pitched the 10th for his fourth save in five chances . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . Pujols hit his major league - leading 32nd homer , a solo shot in the sixth , to cut the Cardinals ' lead to 3 - 2 . The Cardinals tied it at 3 in the eighth on a sacrifice fly by Randy Winn and a sacrifice fly by Nick Stavinoha .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- The Tampa Bay Rays are on their longest winning streak of the season . John Jaso had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in five runs , leading the Rays to a 9 - 5 victory over the Texas Rangers on Tuesday night . Carlos Pena and Matt Treanor also homered for the Rays , who have won four of five . Matt Garza ( 6 - 4 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Rays , who have won four of five . Harden , who had won his previous three starts , allowed four runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out six , walked three and hit a batter . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts , including a 4 - 1 loss at Tampa Bay on April 8 . The Rays have won five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Rangers have lost four of five . Harden ( 3 - 2 ) gave up four runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked three . The Rays scored three runs in the sixth to take a 4 - 2 lead . Jaso hit a two - run homer and Carlos Pena hit a solo shot in the fourth for a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Harden , who gave up four runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander struck out six , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . Tampa Bay scored twice in the fourth to take a 4 - 2 lead . Evan Longoria 's RBI single made it 4 - 2 and chased Harden , who allowed four runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked three .
CHICAGO -- Mitch Talbot pitched seven strong innings , and the Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Talbot ( 7 - 4 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked three . The right - hander has won his last three starts and has a 3.54 ERA over that span . The right - hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts . The right - hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts . The right - hander allowed one run and six hits , struck out five and walked three . Austin Kearns had an RBI single in the fourth and Russell Branyan added an RBI single in the eighth . Kerry Wood pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save . Peavy ( 4 - 5 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked one . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Shin-Soo Choo led off with a double and scored on Ramon Castro 's single . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Trevor Crowe led off with a single and scored on Austin Kearns ' single . Cleveland tied it in the bottom half on Russell Branyan 's two - out RBI single off Matt Thornton . Chicago had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Kerry Putz struck out Juan Pierre to end the threat . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Matt Thornton struck out pinch - hitter Mark Kotsay to end the threat .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- The Texas Rangers have been waiting for the Texas Rangers to come back from a six - run deficit in a big way . Justin Smoak had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Josh Hamilton also went deep , leading the Rangers to a 9 - 6 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . The Rangers , who have won four of five , took a 4 - 0 lead in the second inning on a two - run homer by Justin Smoak and a three - run shot by Josh Hamilton , who went 3 - for - 4 with a homer and two RBIs . Evan Longoria hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Wade Davis ( 5 - 5 ) gave up eight runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Rangers scored four runs in the second inning to take a 4 - 0 lead . Davis walked Ian Kinsler to start the inning , and Ben Zobrist followed with a single to load the bases . Carl Crawford followed with a two - run single to give the Rangers a 4 - 0 lead . Carlos Pena drew a bases - loaded walk to force in a run , and Hank Blalock had an RBI grounder to make it 4 - 0 . Wilson ( 4 - 3 ) allowed five runs -- three earned -- and six hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked four . Neftali Feliz pitched a perfect ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . Rays starter Andy Sonnanstine allowed one run and three hits in 2 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander struck out two and walked none . Andy Young 's two - run single gave Tampa Bay a 4 - 0 lead in the second , and Smoak 's two - run homer in the second made it 4 - 2 . Smoak 's two - run homer in the second tied the game at 4 . It was Smoak 's second homer in two games and his first since July 26 . The Rangers scored four times in the fourth to take a 9 - 4 lead . Hamilton led off with a single and scored on a single by Elvis Andrus . The Rays scored four times in the fourth to take a 9 - 4 lead . Borbon led off with a double and scored on a single by Sean Rodriguez , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a triple . Longoria led off the seventh with a solo homer off Matt Harrison .
ST. LOUIS -- Adam Wainwright took a no - hitter into the seventh inning , and the St. Louis Cardinals ' bullpen did the rest . Wainwright threw a two - hitter , Colby Rasmus hit a two - run homer and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Milwaukee Brewers 8 - 0 on Tuesday night . Wainwright ( 8 - 3 ) struck out eight and walked one in his second shutout of the season . He struck out eight and walked one in his second complete game of the season . Albert Pujols drove in two runs and Ryan Ludwick added a two - run double in the eighth for St. Louis , which has won four of five . The Brewers have lost five of six and have been shut out three times this season . Randy Wolf ( 4 - 5 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Milwaukee has lost four of five . The Brewers have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Brewers have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Brewers have lost four of five and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . Milwaukee has lost four of five . The Brewers have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Brewers have lost four of five . Milwaukee has lost four of five . The Brewers have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Brewers have lost four of five . Milwaukee has lost four of five . The Brewers have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand .
BOSTON -- The Oakland Athletics have been waiting for Kurt Suzuki to be in the lineup for the first time this season . Suzuki homered twice and drove in three runs , Jack Cust also went deep and the Athletics beat the Boston Red Sox 9 - 8 on Tuesday night . Suzuki hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a solo shot in the eighth . He had three hits , including a solo homer in the ninth . Hall , who had four hits , had a solo homer in the ninth and a solo shot in the ninth . Jeremy Hermida had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Marco Scutaro added a solo shot for the Red Sox , who have won four of five . Vin Mazzaro ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings for his first major league win . Andrew Bailey pitched the final two innings for his 12th save . Wakefield ( 1 - 4 ) gave up six runs -- six earned -- and eight hits in six innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Suzuki 's two - out , two - run homer , but the A 's tied it in the bottom half on Suzuki 's two - out , two - run homer . Boston took a 5 - 2 lead in the fourth on a two - run homer by Suzuki and a two - run shot by Suzuki , his second of the season . The A 's scored three runs in the fourth to take a 6 - 3 lead . Mark Ellis had a two - run double and Gabe Gross added an RBI single for a 6 - 3 lead . Scutaro 's sacrifice fly made it 6 - 3 in the seventh .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Jered Weaver gave the Los Angeles Angels exactly what they needed . Weaver struck out nine in seven scoreless innings , Torii Hunter hit a two - run homer and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Weaver ( 5 - 2 ) allowed four hits , walked one and struck out nine . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his past five starts . The Angels have won six of their past seven games . The Royals have lost six of seven . Greinke , who had been winless in his previous three starts , allowed four runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out six , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . Hunter hit a two - out , two - run homer in the fifth to put the Royals ahead 3 - 0 . Hunter hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Angels a 3 - 0 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Greinke ( 1 - 7 ) , who gave up 10 hits and three walks in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . The Royals scored two runs in the eighth off Kevin Jepsen . Scott Podsednik led off with a single , stole second and scored on Mike Napoli 's sacrifice fly . David DeJesus had an RBI single in the eighth for the Royals , who have lost five of six . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . They have lost six of their past seven games . The Royals have lost six of seven .
CHICAGO -- Josh Hamilton and the Texas Rangers did n't need much offense . Josh Hamilton had three hits and drove in two runs , Michael Young had three hits and drove in three runs , and the Rangers beat the Chicago White Sox 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Josh Hamilton had three hits and drove in two runs for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Konerko went 3 - for - 4 with four RBIs , including a two - run homer in the eighth inning that made it 9 - 3 . Konerko hit a two - run homer in the eighth off Gavin Floyd ( 2 - 6 ) , who allowed six runs and eight hits in 2 2/3 innings . Feldman ( 3 - 5 ) allowed five runs and eight hits in his longest outing of the season . He struck out three and walked three . Matt Treanor hit a solo homer and drove in four runs for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . The White Sox scored three runs in the first inning off Gavin Floyd ( 2 - 6 ) , who allowed six runs and eight hits in 2 2/3 innings . The White Sox scored two runs in the first inning on a sacrifice fly by Omar Vizquel and a two - run double by Treanor . Treanor 's sacrifice fly in the sixth made it 9 - 2 , and Konerko hit a two - run homer off Randy Williams in the eighth to make it 9 - 3 . It was the first multihomer game of the season for the Rangers , who have won five of their last six games . The White Sox scored two runs in the first inning on RBI singles by Hamilton and Treanor .
MIAMI -- Yovani Gallardo and the Milwaukee Brewers finally found a way to beat the Florida Marlins . Gallardo pitched seven strong innings , Carlos Gomez drove in two runs and the Brewers beat the Florida Marlins 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Gallardo ( 6 - 2 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out four . Gallardo was hit by a pitch from Jorge Sosa ( 1 - 1 ) with one out in the eighth and scored on a single by Carlos Gomez . Carlos Villanueva came on and walked pinch - hitter Mike Lamb to load the bases before striking out Hanley Ramirez to end the inning . Hanley Ramirez hit a run - scoring double in the ninth for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . John Kottaras hit a two - run homer off Brian Sanches in the eighth to make it 6 - 3 . Fielder 's RBI double in the ninth gave the Brewers a 3 - 2 lead . John Axford got the final five outs for his third save in four chances . The Brewers scored in the first inning on a sacrifice fly by Jorge Cantu , but the Marlins went ahead 2 - 0 in the third . Chris Coghlan led off with a single , stole second and scored on Jorge Cantu 's sacrifice fly . The Marlins went ahead 2 - 0 in the third on a two - out RBI single by Jorge Cantu . The Marlins went ahead 2 - 0 in the third on an RBI single by Gomez and a sacrifice fly by Jorge Cantu . Florida took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Cantu .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting for Jim Thome to come off the disabled list . Jim Thome hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Alexi Casilla added a two - run shot in the fifth , leading the Twins to a 5 - 3 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . Jim Thome hit a two - run homer in the second inning off Doug Fister ( 3 - 7 ) , who gave up five runs -- two earned -- and five hits in five - plus innings . Baker ( 9 - 9 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out two . Matt Guerrier got the last four outs , and Jamey Wright worked the eighth and Matt Capps finished for his 27th save in 29 chances . The Twins have lost six of seven . Fister ( 3 - 7 ) gave up five runs -- two earned -- and five hits in five - plus innings . He struck out three and walked one . Thome 's two - run homer in the second inning gave the Twins a 2 - 0 lead . It was the third time this season the Twins have hit back - to - back homers . Casilla hit a two - run shot in the fifth to give the Twins a 5 - 0 lead . It was the second time this season the Twins have hit back - to - back homers . Josh Wilson 's two - run double in the sixth cut the lead to 5 - 3 . Franklin Gutierrez had two hits and drove in a run for the Mariners , who have lost four of five .
BOSTON -- The Detroit Tigers have been waiting for Jhonny Peralta and Marco Scutaro . Peralta homered twice and drove in three runs , Marco Scutaro added a solo shot and the Tigers beat the Boston Red Sox 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Peralta hit a three - run homer in the ninth inning off Jose Valverde , giving the Tigers a 6 - 1 lead . Peralta hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the fifth to give the Tigers a 4 - 0 lead . It was the first multihomer game of his career . Peralta hit a two - run homer in the fifth and a two - run shot in the ninth . Robbie Weinhardt ( 1 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Detroit starter Armando Galarraga gave up one run and five hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . Lester ( 11 - 6 ) gave up four runs and 11 hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Peralta hit a solo homer in the second and a two - run shot in the fifth that made it 4 - 0 . It was the first multihomer game of his career . Peralta hit a solo homer in the second and a two - run shot in the fifth that made it 4 - 0 . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Peralta , who hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning of Tuesday 's win over the Red Sox . Peralta hit a solo homer in the second and a two - run shot in the fifth that made it 4 - 0 . It was the first multihomer game of his career . Peralta hit his second homer of the season in the fifth to make it 4 - 1 . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Peralta , who hit a two - run shot in the first inning of the Red Sox 's 3 - 2 win over the Red Sox on Friday night . It was the first multihomer game of his career . Peralta hit a two - run homer in the fifth and Scutaro added a solo shot in the fifth to make it 4 - 1 . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Peralta , who hit a two - run homer in the first inning of the Red Sox 's 3 - 2 win over the Red Sox on Friday night . Peralta hit his second homer of the season in the fifth to make it 4 - 1 . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Peralta , who hit a two - run shot in the first inning of the Red Sox 's 3 - 2 win over the Red Sox on Friday night . Peralta hit his second homer of the season in the fifth to make it 4 - 1 . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Peralta , who hit a two - run shot in the first inning of the Red Sox 's 3 - 2 win over the Red Sox on Friday night . It was his second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 28 , 2011 , against the Red Sox . Peralta hit a two - run homer in the fifth and Scutaro added a solo shot in the fifth .
SAN DIEGO -- Chris Volstad has been a big part of the Florida Marlins ' recent success . Volstad pitched five solid innings , Cody Ross and Gaby Sanchez homered and the Marlins beat the San Diego Padres 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Volstad ( 5 - 8 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in five - plus innings , struck out one and walked three . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.91 ERA in his last five starts . The Marlins have won five of their last six games . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost six of seven . LeBlanc allowed four runs , four earned , and five hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Padres starter Wade LeBlanc ( 5 - 9 ) allowed four runs and five hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Marlins took a 2 - 1 lead in the third when Hanley Ramirez hit a sacrifice fly and Logan Morrison followed with an RBI single . Gaby Sanchez 's solo homer in the sixth made it 4 - 1 . It was Sanchez 's second homer of the season and second in two games . It was the first time the Marlins hit back - to - back home runs this season . San Diego tied it at 1 in the third on Chase Headley 's RBI single . The Marlins tied it at 1 in the third when Chris Denorfia led off with a double and scored on Logan Morrison 's single .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Alex Gordon hit a three - run homer with two outs in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the Kansas City Royals to a 7 - 5 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . Alex Gordon hit a three - run homer with two outs in the ninth off Alfredo Simon ( 2 - 2 ) , giving the Royals a 7 - 5 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . Blake Wood ( 1 - 2 ) pitched one inning for the win . Alfredo Simon ( 2 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up three runs , three hits and a walk in two - thirds of an inning . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals scored three runs in the first inning to take a 3 - 0 lead . Nick Markakis led off with a single , stole second and scored on Felix Pie 's sacrifice fly . Ty Wigginton had three hits and drove in two runs for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore starter Jake Arrieta gave up three runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out four . The Orioles took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Luke Scott and a sacrifice fly by Felix Pie . The Orioles scored three runs in the first , including a two - run double by Rick Ankiel , and a two - run single by Ty Wigginton . Betemit had three hits , including a two - run single in the first . Wigginton 's RBI double in the sixth gave the Royals a 4 - 3 lead . Betemit had three hits , including a two - run single .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants have been waiting for Donnie Murphy to come out of the game . Murphy hit a three - run homer in the seventh inning and the Giants beat the Florida Marlins 10 - 9 on Tuesday night . Torres hit a two - run homer off Brian Wilson in the seventh to give the Giants a 9 - 2 lead . Uggla hit a two - run homer in the seventh off Clay Hensley ( 1 - 4 ) , who gave up a two - run homer to Andres Torres in the seventh . Chris Ray ( 4 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 10th inning for the win . Giants starter Jonathan Sanchez gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Uribe hit a two - run triple in the third and added a two - run homer in the sixth to give the Giants a 9 - 2 lead . It was the first time the Giants had scored at least 10 runs in a game this season . Uribe hit a two - run triple in the third and added a two - run triple in the third to give San Francisco a 6 - 1 lead . The Marlins added two more runs in the third on a two - run triple by Uribe and a two - run triple by Logan Morrison . Uribe hit a three - run homer off Denny Bautista in the seventh to make it 9 - 7 . Uggla hit a two - run homer off Jorge Sosa in the seventh to make it 9 - 7 . It was Uggla 's second homer in two days and first since July 8 . The Marlins scored four runs in the first inning to take a 4 - 0 lead . Aubrey Huff hit an RBI single and Uribe followed with a two - run single to make it 4 - 0 . Paulino hit a solo homer in the fourth to make it 7 - 2 .
PHILADELPHIA -- Ryan Howard and the Philadelphia Phillies are on a roll . Ryan Howard hit a tiebreaking two - run homer in the sixth inning , Cody Ransom added a two - run shot and the Phillies rallied to beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Ryan Howard hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the sixth , and Jayson Werth hit a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Phillies a 5 - 4 lead . Jayson Werth hit a two - run homer for the Diamondbacks , who have lost five of six . Hamels allowed three runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out eight and walked four . David Herndon ( 1 - 2 ) pitched one inning for the win . Jordan Norberto ( 0 - 1 ) came on in the sixth and gave up a two - run homer to Cody Ransom , his first of the season . Ransom added a two - run shot off Chad Qualls in the seventh to give the Phillies a 7 - 5 lead . It was the fourth time this season the Phillies have hit back - to - back home runs . Werth hit a two - run shot off Cole Hamels in the sixth to give the Phillies a 7 - 5 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Hamels this season . The Diamondbacks took a 5 - 4 lead in the sixth on Howard 's two - run homer off Rodrigo Lopez . Arizona tied it at 5 in the sixth on a run - scoring single by Stephen Drew and a run - scoring groundout by Miguel Montero . The Diamondbacks tied it at 5 in the sixth on a two - run homer by Jayson Werth and a two - run shot by Ransom .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Nelson Cruz has been the Texas Rangers all season . Cruz hit a two - run homer with one out in the bottom of the 10th inning to lift the Rangers to a 3 - 1 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . Cruz hit a 2 - 1 pitch from Michael Wuertz ( 2 - 2 ) over the wall in right - center to give the Rangers a 3 - 1 victory over the A 's on Tuesday night . Cruz hit a 2 - 2 pitch from Michael Wuertz over the wall in right - center field to give the Rangers a 3 - 1 lead in the first game of the series . Cruz hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Neftali Feliz ( 2 - 2 ) to give the Rangers a 3 - 1 victory over the A 's on Tuesday night . The Rangers have won five of six and are 5 - 1 against the A 's this season . The A 's have lost six of seven . Oakland has lost four of five . The A 's have lost four of five . Oakland has lost four of five . The A 's have lost four of five . Oakland starter Gio Gonzalez gave up one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . Gonzalez gave up one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . The right - hander , who had won his previous three starts , gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . The right - hander struck out a season - high six and walked none . The right - hander was coming off his first career complete game , a 1 - 0 win over the Los Angeles Angels on July 8 . The Rangers had a chance to score in the first when Michael Young walked and scored on a double by Vladimir Guerrero . But Lee struck out the next three batters , including a strikeout of Chris Davis . The A 's had runners on first and second with one out in the second , but Gonzalez escaped the jam by striking out Bengie Molina and Mark Ellis .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- David Ortiz and the Boston Red Sox are finally getting back to the playoffs . Ortiz homered twice and drove in three runs , Hideki Matsui added a two - run shot in the eighth inning and the Red Sox beat the Los Angeles Angels 6 - 3 on Tuesday night for their sixth straight victory . Ortiz hit a two - run shot off Scott Atchison in the eighth inning , giving the Red Sox a 4 - 1 lead . Ortiz hit a two - run shot off Fernando Rodney in the eighth , and J. D. Drew added a two - run double in the ninth . Jonathan Papelbon got the final four outs for his 23rd save in 26 chances . Buchholz ( 11 - 5 ) gave up one run and five hits in seven innings , struck out seven and walked one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last six starts against the Angels , who have won four of five . Haren ( 7 - 9 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings , struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Ortiz hit a two - run shot off Scott Atchison in the eighth to cut it to 4 - 3 , but Matsui hit a two - run homer off Fernando Atchison in the eighth to make it 4 - 3 . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Ortiz , who hit a two - run shot in the eighth to give the Red Sox a 4 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Ortiz , who hit a two - run shot in the eighth to give the Red Sox a 4 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Ortiz , who hit a two - run shot in the eighth to give the Red Sox a 4 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Ortiz , who hit a two - run shot in the eighth to give the Red Sox a 4 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Ortiz , who hit a two - run shot in the eighth to give the Red Sox a 4 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Ortiz , who hit a two - run shot in the eighth to give the Red Sox a 4 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Ortiz , who hit a two - run shot in the eighth to give the Red Sox a 4 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Ortiz , who hit a two - run shot in the eighth to give the Red Sox a 4 - 1 lead .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Ervin Santana has been a big part of the Los Angeles Angels ' rotation . Santana pitched eight innings of five - hit ball , Jeff Mathis and Nelson Cruz homered and the Angels beat the Texas Rangers 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Santana ( 9 - 7 ) allowed two runs and five hits in eight innings , striking out eight and walking two . The right - hander struck out eight , walked two and hit a batter . Jeff Mathis and Erick Aybar had run - scoring hits for the Angels , who have won four of five . Texas starter Scott Feldman ( 5 - 9 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out none . Jeff Mathis and Alberto Callaspo had two - out RBI singles in the sixth for the Angels , who have won five of their last six games . Cruz homered off Alexi Ogando to start the seventh , and Maicer Izturis had an RBI single in the seventh to make it 6 - 1 . Alberto Callaspo had an RBI single in the sixth and a sacrifice fly in the seventh for the Angels , who have won seven of their last 10 games . Los Angeles has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost six of seven .
LOS ANGELES -- The San Francisco Giants are on their longest winning streak of the season . Andres Torres hit a go - ahead , two - run double in the ninth inning and the Giants held on for a 7 - 5 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Tuesday night . The Giants took two of three from the Dodgers , who have won four of five . The Giants scored three runs in the ninth off Jonathan Broxton ( 3 - 2 ) . Santiago Casilla ( 3 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Jeremy Affeldt pitched the ninth for his third save in four chances . Jonathan Broxton ( 3 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up three runs and one hit in one - third of an inning . Andre Ethier hit a two - run homer and Xavier Paul doubled in a run for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Dodgers starter Tim Lincecum gave up five runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings , struck out two and walked three . The right - hander , who had won his previous two starts , gave up four runs and four hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . The Dodgers scored three runs in the first inning to take a 3 - 0 lead . Rafael Furcal led off with a single , stole second and scored on Paul Sandoval 's double - play grounder . Pablo Sandoval 's two - run double in the sixth cut San Francisco 's lead to 4 - 2 . Buster Posey hit an RBI single in the ninth for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five .
BALTIMORE -- The Tampa Bay Rays are on their longest winning streak of the season . Evan Longoria had three hits , Wade Davis pitched eight strong innings and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 8 - 1 on Tuesday night . Tampa Bay has won six of seven , and the Rays have won six of seven . Tampa Bay has won six of seven . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Tampa Bay went up 8 - 0 in the third inning on a two - run single by Jason Bartlett and a run - scoring double by B. J. Upton . Tampa Bay went up 8 - 0 in the third on a run - scoring double by Matt Joyce and a run - scoring single by Carl Crawford . Tampa Bay went up 8 - 0 in the third on a two - run single by Jason Bartlett and a run - scoring single by Ben Zobrist . Tampa Bay went up 8 - 0 in the third on a two - run single by Jason Bartlett and a run - scoring single by Ben Zobrist . Tampa Bay loaded the bases with no outs in the third , but failed to score . The right - hander escaped the jam by striking out Felix Pie and retiring Nick Markakis on a grounder . Tampa Bay loaded the bases with no outs in the third , but failed to score . The Orioles loaded the bases with no outs in the bottom half , but failed to score . Tampa Bay loaded the bases with no outs in the bottom half , but failed to score .
LOS ANGELES -- Madison Bumgarner pitched effectively into the sixth inning , and the San Francisco Giants held on for a 5 - 2 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Tuesday night . Bumgarner ( 3 - 2 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out three and walked two . The right - hander struck out three and walked two in his second start since coming off the disabled list . Rafael Furcal hit a solo homer and Matt Kemp had three hits and drove in a run for the Giants , who have won four of five . James McDonald ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in five innings , struck out five and walked two . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 7.16 ERA in his last five starts . Brian Wilson pitched the ninth for his 26th save in 30 chances . The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Wilson escaped the jam by striking out Casey Blake and Juan Uribe . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on Buster Posey 's RBI single and Pablo Sandoval 's run - scoring double . Schierholtz hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 4 - 0 . Furcal led off the sixth with his third homer of the season and second in two games . It was the first homer allowed by Bumgarner , who gave up five runs and 10 hits over 4 1/3 innings in his first start of the season . The right - hander struck out three and walked two . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on Buster Posey 's RBI single and Schierholtz 's two - run homer . The Giants added a run in the sixth when Jamey Carroll scored on a wild pitch by Guillermo Mota .
ATLANTA -- Brian McCann and the Atlanta Braves finally found a way to beat the Milwaukee Brewers . McCann hit a grand slam and drove in a career - high five runs to lead the Braves to an 11 - 6 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Weeks had a career - high five RBIs , including a three - run homer off Manny Parra ( 3 - 7 ) in the third inning that gave the Braves a 7 - 1 lead . It was the third time this season the Braves have hit back - to - back homers . McCann 's three - run homer in the third gave the Braves a 7 - 1 lead . It was the first grand slam of the season for McCann , who had a career - high five RBIs . The Braves , who have won five of six , have won five of six . Fielder 's homer in the sixth gave the Braves a 7 - 1 lead . It was the first time the Braves had scored at least 10 runs in a game this season . Weeks led off the game with a homer to left - center off Derek Lowe ( 10 - 8 ) , who gave up three runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . Lowe ( 10 - 8 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . Rickie Weeks homered twice for the Brewers , who have lost five of six . Parra , who had been on the disabled list with a strained left hamstring , had three hits , including a solo homer in the fifth that made it 8 - 1 . The Braves scored three runs in the sixth to take a 7 - 1 lead . Weeks led off with his second homer of the game , and Troy Glaus drew a walk to load the bases . Infante followed with an RBI single to make it 8 - 3 . Fielder followed with a run - scoring single to make it 8 - 3 . Diaz added a run - scoring single in the sixth to make it 11 - 3 . Ryan Braun had three hits , including an RBI double in the ninth .
NEW YORK -- Nick Swisher and the rest of the New York Yankees are on a roll . Swisher hit a game - ending RBI single with two outs in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Yankees a 5 - 4 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Swisher had a two - out RBI single in the ninth to give the Yankees a 5 - 4 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Swisher had a two - out RBI single in the ninth to give the Yankees a 5 - 4 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Robinson Cano homered for the second straight game and Jorge Posada also went deep for the Rays , who have won five of six . Sabathia gave up four runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked four . Mariano Rivera ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Randy Choate ( 2 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up one run and one hit in one - third of an inning . Sabathia gave up three earned runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked four . Tampa Bay starter James Shields gave up three runs and four hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out five . Tampa Bay took a 3 - 1 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Evan Longoria and a sacrifice fly by Willy Aybar . Tampa Bay took a 3 - 1 lead in the third on Jason Bartlett 's RBI single and a throwing error by catcher Kelly Shoppach . Tampa Bay took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Carlos Pena .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Gio Gonzalez did n't have his best stuff . Gonzalez pitched seven strong innings , Kevin Kouzmanoff had two hits and two RBIs and the Oakland Athletics beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Gonzalez ( 8 - 6 ) allowed one run and seven hits in seven innings , striking out three and walking one . The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 3.63 ERA in four starts against the Royals this season . Greinke ( 5 - 9 ) gave up five runs -- two earned -- and four hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out three . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Coco Crisp led off with a single , stole second and scored on Mark Ellis ' single . The Athletics tied it in the bottom half on Kouzmanoff 's two - run single . Oakland added a run in the second on a sacrifice fly by Jack Cust . Oakland scored its only run in the second when Kurt Suzuki walked , stole second , went to third on a throwing error by catcher Yuniesky Betancourt and scored on a sacrifice fly by Jack Cust . The Royals added a run in the third when Cliff Pennington walked , stole second and scored on Mark Ellis ' single . The Royals had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Gonzalez escaped the jam by striking out David DeJesus and Rajai Davis to end the inning . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Coco Crisp led off with a double and scored on Mark Ellis ' single .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Chicago White Sox have been waiting for a long time to find a way to beat the Minnesota Twins . Joe Mauer had three hits and drove in three runs , Juan Pierre had three hits and the White Sox beat the Minnesota Twins 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Gordon Beckham homered and drove in a pair of runs for the White Sox , who have won four of five . John Danks ( 9 - 7 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in six innings for the White Sox , who have won four of five . Bobby Jenks got the last four outs for his 20th save in 21 chances . The White Sox have lost five of six . Alex Burnett ( 1 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up three runs and two hits in one inning . He walked two and struck out one . Gordon Beckham hit a solo homer and drove in a run for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Gordon Beckham hit a solo homer and drove in a pair of runs for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Minnesota starter Kevin Slowey gave up five runs and nine hits in three innings , his shortest outing of the season . He gave up five runs , five earned , and nine hits in his shortest outing of the season . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The White Sox took a 6 - 4 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by A. J. Pierzynski and a sacrifice fly by Carlos Quentin . Gordon Beckham homered in the second inning and Gordon Beckham added a solo shot in the second for the Twins , who have lost four of five . The White Sox scored four runs in the second inning to take a 6 - 4 lead . Denard Span had an RBI single and J. J. Hardy had an RBI single before Beckham 's RBI single made it 6 - 4 . Beckham 's RBI single in the fourth cut the deficit to 4 - 3 , but the White Sox tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by A. J. Pierzynski .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Joel Pineiro and the Los Angeles Angels finally got a win . Joel Pineiro pitched seven innings of six - hit ball and Ichiro Suzuki hit a three - run double , leading the Angels to an 8 - 3 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . Joel Pineiro ( 10 - 6 ) allowed three runs and six hits over seven innings , striking out four and walking one . The right - hander is 5 - 0 in his last six starts against the Mariners , who have won seven of their last 10 games . Erick Aybar had three hits , including a two - run single , and Jeff Mathis had three hits and drove in a run for the Angels . Doug Fister ( 3 - 5 ) gave up six runs and 12 hits in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander struck out two and walked one . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run double by Ichiro Suzuki and a two - run double by Bobby Abreu , who drove in three runs with a two - out single in the sixth . Abreu 's two - run single in the sixth gave the Angels a 7 - 3 lead , and Mathis added an RBI single in the seventh . Fister gave up six runs -- six earned -- and 12 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out two , walked one and hit a batter . The Mariners scored three runs in the second inning to take a 4 - 0 lead . Aybar hit a two - run single and Howie Kendrick followed with a run - scoring double .
BOSTON -- The Texas Rangers have been waiting for the Texas Rangers to get back to .500 . Nelson Cruz had three hits and drove in three runs , Tommy Hunter pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Rangers beat the Boston Red Sox 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Bengie Molina hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Bill Hall added a solo shot in the seventh for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Hunter ( 6 - 0 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings , striking out one and walking two . The right - hander is 6 - 0 in his last eight starts against the Red Sox , including a 4 - 0 win at Fenway Park on April 26 . The Rangers have won five of their last six games against the Red Sox , who have won seven of their last 10 games against the Red Sox . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Wakefield ( 3 - 8 ) gave up seven runs , six earned , and eight hits in two - plus innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Red Sox scored four runs in the first inning off Tim Wakefield ( 3 - 8 ) . Vladimir Guerrero had an RBI single and Nelson Cruz followed with a two - run single . Molina 's two - run homer made it 6 - 0 . Molina 's two - run homer made it 6 - 0 in the first . It was the first homer allowed by Wakefield in five starts this season . Molina 's two - run homer made it 6 - 0 in the first . Hall led off the seventh with a solo homer , his first of the season .
PHOENIX -- The Arizona Diamondbacks have been waiting for a long time to find a way to win . Chris Snyder hit a two - run homer , Ian Kennedy won his third straight start and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the Florida Marlins 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Mark Reynolds and Giancarlo Stanton also homered for the Diamondbacks , who have won five of six . Kennedy ( 4 - 7 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Kennedy ( 4 - 7 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Juan Gutierrez pitched a perfect ninth for his second save . Nate Robertson ( 6 - 7 ) gave up five runs and six hits in six innings for the Marlins , who have lost five of six . The Diamondbacks have lost five of six . The Marlins had a chance to score in the first when Gaby Sanchez led off with a double and scored on Justin Upton 's two - out single to center . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Stephen Drew led off with a walk , stole second and scored on Chris Young 's sacrifice fly . Jorge Cantu had an RBI single in the sixth to cut Arizona 's lead to 3 - 2 , but Snyder tied it with a two - run homer off Aaron Heilman in the sixth . It was his third homer of the season and second in two days . Stanton 's solo shot in the fifth made it 5 - 2 and chased Robertson , who allowed five runs and six hits in six innings .
MILWAUKEE -- George Kottaras had a game - winning RBI triple in the 10th inning , and the Milwaukee Brewers rallied to beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Braun hit a two - out single in the 10th off Evan Meek ( 4 - 3 ) to give the Brewers a 4 - 2 lead . Rickie Weeks drew a one - out walk in the 10th against Evan Meek ( 4 - 3 ) and stole second . George Kottaras followed with an RBI triple off the wall in right - center to tie it at 4 . Gomez stole third and scored on Ryan Braun 's single to center . John Axford ( 4 - 1 ) struck out two in a scoreless 10th to earn the win . Brewers starter Paul Maholm gave up two runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . Milwaukee starter Doug Davis gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Pedro Alvarez and a run - scoring single by McCutchen . McCutchen 's RBI single in the third gave Milwaukee a 2 - 1 lead . McCutchen 's RBI single in the third gave the Brewers a 2 - 1 lead , but Milledge 's solo homer in the fourth made it 2 - 2 . Hart 's two - run homer in the first gave the Pirates a 2 - 0 lead . McCutchen 's RBI single in the third made it 2 - 1 , but Milwaukee went ahead 2 - 1 in the third on McCutchen 's RBI single .
PHOENIX -- Aramis Ramirez has been a good hitter for the Chicago Cubs . Ramirez homered twice and drove in four runs , Carlos Silva pitched six effective innings and the Chicago Cubs beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and a two - run shot in the eighth off Esmerling Vasquez to give the Cubs a 6 - 2 lead . Silva ( 9 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . Ramirez hit a two - run homer off Aaron Heilman in the eighth to put the Cubs ahead 6 - 2 . Ramirez hit a two - run homer off Esmerling Vasquez in the eighth to give the Cubs a 6 - 2 lead . Carlos Marmol pitched the final 1 2/3 innings for his 16th save in 18 chances . Barry Heilman ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Diamondbacks . He struck out five and walked one . Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the eighth and Johnson added an RBI single in the eighth . Kosuke Fukudome tied it at 1 with a leadoff homer in the sixth , and Ramirez hit a two - run shot off Aaron Heilman in the eighth to make it 6 - 2 . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Ramirez , who hit a two - run shot in the eighth inning of Tuesday night 's 4 - 2 win over the Diamondbacks . Johnson had a run - scoring single in the eighth , and Justin Upton had an RBI single in the eighth .
DETROIT -- Johnny Damon hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning and the Detroit Tigers rallied to beat the Baltimore Orioles 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Johnny Damon hit a two - run homer off Alfredo Simon in the bottom of the ninth to give the Orioles a 5 - 3 lead . Miguel Cabrera hit a two - run homer off Alfredo Simon in the bottom of the ninth to give the Orioles a 5 - 3 lead . It was the first game - ending homer of Damon 's career , and the first game - ending homer of his career . The Tigers trailed 5 - 1 going into the ninth , but Austin Jackson led off with a double and scored on Julio Lugo 's single . Brennan Boesch followed with an RBI single , and Johnny Damon hit a two - run homer off David Hernandez ( 3 - 7 ) . Nick Markakis had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh that gave Baltimore a 5 - 1 lead . Ryan Perry ( 2 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Detroit starter Armando Galarraga gave up three runs and 10 hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . Detroit starter Jake Arrieta gave up one run and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Alex Avila . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Felix Pie 's two - out RBI single . Felix Pie made it 3 - 1 with an RBI single in the seventh .
NEW YORK -- Johan Santana has been a big part of the New York Mets ' recent success . Santana pitched a three - hitter for his first career shutout , and the Mets beat the Cincinnati Reds 3 - 0 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Santana ( 6 - 5 ) pitched a three - hitter for his first career shutout . He threw 78 of 113 pitches for strikes in his second shutout of the season . Santana ( 6 - 5 ) struck out five and walked three in his second career shutout and second this season . He threw 78 of 113 pitches for strikes . He struck out five and walked three in his second career shutout and second this season . It was his first career home run against the Reds , and his first career home run . It was the first homer allowed by Matt Maloney ( 0 - 1 ) , who allowed three runs -- three earned -- and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three , walked one and hit a batter . Matt Maloney ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Reds . He struck out three and walked one in his first start of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Mets have lost five of six and dropped to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game homestand . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost six of seven .
ATLANTA -- Dan Uggla and Ricky Nolasco gave the Florida Marlins exactly what they needed . Uggla homered and drove in three runs , Ricky Nolasco struck out 11 in seven innings and the Marlins beat the Atlanta Braves 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Nolasco ( 8 - 6 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out 11 and walked one . The Marlins have won six of their last seven games . Uggla 's two - run single in the first gave the Marlins a 2 - 0 lead . Brian McCann 's solo homer in the fourth made it 3 - 1 , and the Marlins went ahead 3 - 1 in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Eric Hinske . The Marlins took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Chris Coghlan led off with a double and scored on Uggla 's two - run single . Uggla 's two - out , two - run single in the first gave the Marlins a 2 - 0 lead . Hudson gave up three runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Uggla 's two - run single . Hudson ( 8 - 4 ) gave up three runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Uggla 's two - run single . Uggla 's homer in the fourth gave the Marlins a 3 - 1 lead . It was Uggla 's third homer of the season and second in two games . The Marlins tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Eric Hinske .
CLEVELAND -- Gio Gonzalez did n't need much run support . The Oakland right - hander pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Mark Ellis hit a two - run double and the A 's beat the Cleveland Indians 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Gonzalez ( 7 - 5 ) allowed five hits , walked four and struck out five . Andrew Bailey pitched the ninth for his 16th save . Mitch Talbot ( 8 - 7 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . The right - hander struck out five and walked four . Mark Ellis hit a two - run double in the sixth to give Oakland a 3 - 0 lead . Mark Ellis hit a two - run double in the sixth to make it 3 - 0 . Gonzalez ( 7 - 5 ) allowed five hits over 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . The right - hander has won his last three starts . The right - hander has won his last three starts . The right - hander has won his last three starts and has n't won since July 26 . The Indians have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . The Indians have lost six of seven . Cleveland 's Shin-Soo Choo extended his hitting streak to a career - high 14 games with a single in the first . He was replaced by pinch - runner Rajai Davis , who left the game in the eighth inning with a strained right hamstring . X-rays were negative and he is day - to - day . X-rays were negative and he is day to day .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Buster Posey and the San Francisco Giants have been waiting for the San Francisco Giants to get back to .500 . Posey hit a go - ahead double in the eighth inning , and the Giants beat the Colorado Rockies 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Buster Posey hit a two - run double off Matt Belisle ( 6 - 5 ) in the eighth to give the Giants a 5 - 2 lead . Jeremy Affeldt ( 4 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Brian Wilson pitched a perfect ninth for his 37th save in 41 chances . Melvin Mora hit a tiebreaking home run in the eighth inning and Andres Torres hit a tiebreaking solo shot in the eighth to give the Rockies a 2 - 1 lead . Melvin Mora hit a go - ahead homer in the top of the eighth for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Belisle ( 6 - 5 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and two hits in two - thirds of an inning . The Rockies have lost five of their last six games . Colorado starter Madison Bumgarner gave up one run and five hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Clint Barmes ' sacrifice fly . The Rockies tied it in the fifth when Juan Uribe drew a leadoff walk and scored on Posey 's single . Posey followed with a two - run double to give the Giants a 2 - 1 lead . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Freddy Sanchez singled , stole second and scored on Mora 's one - out double . Colorado tied it in the bottom half on Torres ' two - out double .
CLEVELAND -- Asdrubal Cabrera has been waiting for the Cleveland Indians this season . Cabrera hit a leadoff homer in the 10th inning , lifting the Indians to a 4 - 3 win over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . Asdrubal Cabrera led off the bottom of the 10th with a homer off Jesse Chavez ( 5 - 4 ) . It was the first walk - off homer of the season for Cabrera , who hit a two - run shot in the ninth off closer Chris Perez ( 2 - 2 ) to give the Indians a 4 - 3 win over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . Cabrera hit a 1 - 2 pitch from Jesse Chavez ( 5 - 4 ) into the right - field seats to give the Indians a 4 - 3 lead . It was the first game - ending homer of the season for Cabrera , who has homered in three straight games . Betemit 's two - run homer in the sixth gave the Indians a 3 - 2 lead . Asdrubal Cabrera led off the bottom of the 10th with a homer off Luis Valbuena to give the Indians a 4 - 3 lead . Betemit tied it at 3 with a two - out , two - run homer in the sixth . Cleveland starter Zack Greinke allowed three runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in eight innings . The right - hander struck out four and walked four . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last six starts . The right - hander gave up three runs and eight hits in eight innings , walking four and striking out four . The Indians scored three runs in the second inning off Greinke . Shin-Soo Choo drew a bases - loaded walk and Michael Brantley singled in a run .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Dan Johnson and the Tampa Bay Rays are on a roll . Johnson hit a game - ending homer in the bottom of the 10th inning to lift the Rays to a 3 - 2 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night . Johnson led off the bottom of the 10th with a homer off Scott Atchison ( 2 - 2 ) , and Dan Kalish followed with a single . B. J. Upton hit a tying homer off Joaquin Benoit to make it 2 - all . Randy Choate ( 4 - 3 ) retired the only batter he faced in the 10th to earn the win . Dan Kalish hit a two - run homer in the ninth for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Boston starter Matt Garza allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out three . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead on Adrian Beltre 's sacrifice fly in the fourth . Martinez tied it at 2 in the eighth with a solo homer off Joaquin Benoit . Buchholz allowed two runs and four hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Adrian Beltre 's sacrifice fly , but the Red Sox tied it in the bottom half on Martinez 's two - out homer . Boston tied it at 1 in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Carlos Pena . Martinez gave the Rays a 2 - 1 lead in the eighth with a solo homer off Joaquin Benoit . Buchholz allowed two runs and four hits in 7 1/3 innings .
ATLANTA -- Tim Hudson has been a big part of the Atlanta Braves ' rotation . Martin Prado homered and drove in five runs , Tim Hudson struck out a career - high 13 in seven innings and the Braves beat the Florida Marlins 12 - 3 on Tuesday night . Hudson ( 15 - 5 ) gave up six hits , one run and one walk in seven innings . He struck out a season - high 13 and lowered his ERA to 2.24 . The Braves have won 10 of their last 13 games against the Marlins , who have the worst record in the majors at 21 - 11 . The Marlins have lost six of seven . Nolasco ( 14 - 9 ) gave up six runs , six earned , and seven hits in two - plus innings . He walked three and struck out none . Eric Hinske and Matt Diaz hit back - to - back homers off Andrew Miller in the fourth for a 9 - 1 lead . Prado had a two - run homer in the seventh and a two - run shot off Eric O'Flaherty in the seventh to make it 12 - 1 . Prado hit a two - run homer off Burke Badenhop in the seventh to make it 12 - 1 . Prado hit a two - run homer off Eric O'Flaherty in the seventh to make it 12 - 1 . It was the first homer for Prado , who had a two - run shot off Andrew Miller in the ninth . The Braves scored three runs in the second inning to take a 6 - 0 lead . Omar Infante hit a run - scoring single and Brian McCann followed with a three - run double to give the Braves a 6 - 0 lead . Nolasco allowed six hits , three walks and a hit batter . He struck out a season - high three in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained right shoulder . The Braves scored three runs in the second inning to take a 6 - 0 lead . Prado had a two - run single , Brian McCann had a three - run double and Donnie Murphy added a pinch - hit RBI double for the Braves , who have won four of five . The Marlins had a season - high 16 hits , including three in the fourth . The Braves scored three runs in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . Prado hit a two - run homer off Andrew Miller in the seventh to make it 12 - 1 . Hinske led off the bottom of the fourth with a homer to left - center off Andrew Miller , who was making his major league debut . Miller gave up three runs and five hits in four innings . He walked three and struck out one .
CHICAGO -- Edwin Jackson has been a big part of the Chicago White Sox . Jackson pitched eight innings of three - hit ball , Alex Rios homered and drove in three runs and the Chicago White Sox beat the Baltimore Orioles 8 - 0 on Tuesday night . Jackson ( 8 - 10 ) allowed three hits , walked two and struck out a season - high 10 . The right - hander was 0 - 3 in his previous five starts . Jackson ( 8 - 10 ) allowed three hits , walked two and struck out a season - high 10 . The right - hander was 0 - 3 in his previous five starts . The White Sox have won four of five . Arrieta ( 4 - 6 ) allowed four runs -- four earned -- and seven hits in four - plus innings . He struck out two and walked three . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Carlos Quentin 's two - out RBI single . Mark Teahen had an RBI single and Alexei Ramirez added an RBI single in the inning to make it 3 - 0 . Rios added a two - run homer in the eighth off Armando Gabino . Armando Konerko had two hits and an RBI for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Rick VandenHurk left after three innings , allowing two runs -- one earned -- and five hits . He struck out three and walked one . The Orioles scored two unearned runs in the first inning to take a 4 - 0 lead . Paul Konerko singled in a run and A. J. Pierzynski scored on a wild pitch to make it 4 - 0 .
DENVER -- Martin Prado and the Colorado Rockies did n't need much offense . Martin Prado had a two - run double , Brian McCann had four hits and the Colorado Rockies beat the Atlanta Braves 12 - 10 on Tuesday night for their season - high sixth straight win . The Rockies have won five of six and are a season - high 16 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . The Rockies have lost seven of their last 10 games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Rockies have lost seven of their last 10 games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Atlanta 's Jair Jurrjens allowed seven runs -- seven earned -- and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He had an RBI double in the second and a run - scoring double in the second . Omar Infante hit a two - run homer in the third and Seth Smith hit a solo shot in the second for the Braves , who have lost six of seven . Atlanta starter Esmil Rogers gave up seven runs and eight hits in 1 2/3 innings . The Braves scored three runs in the second inning to take a 7 - 0 lead . Prado hit a two - run double and Derrek Lee drove in two runs with a double to make it 7 - 0 . Derrek Lee 's RBI double made it 7 - 0 in the third , and McCann had an RBI single in the inning to make it 7 - 0 . Dexter Fowler had a two - run double in the fifth to make it 10 - 10 . Matt Belisle ( 6 - 4 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings of relief for the win . Venters ( 4 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up four runs and two hits in 1 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two .
DENVER -- Jorge De La Rosa pitched seven strong innings , Carlos Gonzalez and Seth Smith homered and the Colorado Rockies beat the Atlanta Braves 5 - 2 on Friday night . Jorge De La Rosa ( 5 - 4 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out seven and walked one . Huston Street pitched a perfect ninth for his 12th save in 14 chances . The Rockies have won four straight and seven of nine . Gonzalez hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Seth Smith added a solo shot in the sixth for the Rockies , who have won four of five . Derek Lowe ( 11 - 12 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings for the Braves . He struck out four and walked two . Gonzalez hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Gonzalez added a two - run shot in the second to give the Rockies a 2 - 0 lead . It was Gonzalez 's 22nd homer of the season and second in two games . Gonzalez hit a two - run homer in the first , and Seth Smith hit a solo shot in the sixth to make it 3 - 1 . The Rockies tied it in the seventh on a two - out single by Matt Diaz and a two - run single by Dexter Fowler off Takashi Saito . Gonzalez hit a two - run homer in the first to give the Rockies a 2 - 0 lead . It was his 22nd of the season and second in two games . Gonzalez hit a two - run homer in the first to give the Rockies a 2 - 0 lead . Gonzalez hit a two - run homer in the second to give the Rockies a 2 - 0 lead . It was Gonzalez 's 22nd homer of the season and second in two games . Gonzalez hit a two - run shot in the second to give the Rockies a 2 - 1 lead .
CHICAGO -- Rick Ankiel was n't sure what to expect from the Atlanta Braves . Ankiel hit a three - run triple with two outs in the ninth inning and the Braves rallied for a 5 - 3 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Ankiel 's three - run triple off Carlos Marmol in the ninth gave the Braves a 5 - 3 lead . Billy Wagner pitched the ninth for his 30th save . Marmol ( 2 - 3 ) struck out the side in the ninth to earn the win . Peter Moylan ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth and Billy Wagner got three outs for his 30th save . Omar Infante hit a solo homer for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Aramis Ramirez hit a solo homer and drove in two runs for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Cubs starter Ryan Dempster allowed two runs and four hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Cubs starter Jair Jurrjens gave up three runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out two and walked one . Cubs starter Ryan Dempster allowed two runs and four hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Koyie Hill 's two - out RBI single , but the Braves tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI double by Ramirez . The Cubs tied it in the fourth on a two - out RBI double by Ramirez . The Braves tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI double by Ramirez . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring double by Ramirez and a run - scoring single by Koyie Hill .
LOS ANGELES -- Homer Bailey has been one of the few bright spots for the Cincinnati Reds . Bailey pitched seven innings of four - hit ball , Brandon Phillips had three hits and three RBIs and the Reds beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Bailey ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings , struck out six and walked two . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last six starts against the Dodgers , who have won three of four . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games , and the Dodgers have lost six of seven . Carlos Monasterios ( 3 - 4 ) gave up three runs -- one earned -- and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings for the Dodgers . He struck out six and walked one . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Phillips ' two - out , two - run single . Phillips ' two - out single in the fourth gave the Reds a 3 - 1 lead . Ryan Hanigan had two hits and scored twice for the Reds , who have won four of five . Cincinnati took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Phillips . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Phillips ' two - out , two - run single . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Phillips ' two - out , two - run single . Phillips ' two - out single in the fourth gave the Reds a 3 - 1 lead .
PHOENIX -- Bronson Arroyo pitched into the eighth inning , Scott Rolen had three hits and drove in three runs and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Arroyo ( 13 - 7 ) allowed two runs and six hits , struck out five and walked two in 7 1/3 innings to win for the first time in four starts . The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in each of his last six starts . Arroyo has allowed two runs or fewer in each of his last six starts . The Reds have won six of their last seven games and have won eight of their last 10 games against the Diamondbacks . Paul Janish hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Arizona starter Daniel Hudson ( 4 - 2 ) struck out 10 in seven innings , allowing three runs and nine hits . He walked none and struck out a season - high 10 . Kelly Johnson hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Daniel Hudson ( 4 - 2 ) to give the Reds a 2 - 0 lead . Johnson hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Daniel Hudson ( 4 - 2 ) , who allowed three runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out 10 and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on Rolen 's RBI single and Johnson 's two - run homer off Daniel Hudson ( 4 - 2 ) . Johnson hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Daniel Hudson ( 4 - 2 ) , who allowed three runs and nine hits in seven innings . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Johnson , who had been hitless in his previous 13 at - bats .
NEW YORK -- Kyle Kendrick and the rest of the Philadelphia Phillies are on a roll . Kendrick pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Jose Reyes and Jose Reyes homered and the Phillies beat the New York Mets 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Kendrick ( 8 - 5 ) gave up one run and six hits in 6 2/3 innings , striking out four and walking one . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.91 ERA in his last five starts . The Phillies have won six of their last seven games and have won six of their last seven . Mike Pelfrey ( 11 - 7 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings for the Mets . He struck out one and did not walk a batter . Brad Lidge pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 17 chances . The Mets have lost six of seven . Reyes led off the third with a drive to right - center for his 12th homer of the season and second in two games . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Carlos Ruiz 's two - out RBI single . Placido Polanco 's RBI single made it 2 - 1 in the fifth . Victorino had three hits , extending his hitting streak to a career - high 11 games . The Mets have scored just 10 runs in their last six games . They 've scored just seven runs in their last six games . They 've scored just seven runs in their last six games . They 've scored just seven runs in their last six games . They 've scored just seven runs in their last six games .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Tampa Bay Rays are on a roll . Adam Jones hit a three - run homer , Andy Sonnanstine won for the first time in more than a month and the Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Sonnanstine ( 3 - 1 ) allowed three runs and three hits in five - plus innings . He walked four and struck out two . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in his last four starts . Shoppach hit a solo homer off Brian Matusz ( 4 - 12 ) in the third inning to give Tampa Bay a 5 - 3 lead . Shoppach added a solo homer in the eighth off Alfredo Simon . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Shoppach , who had a career - high five RBIs . Adam Jones hit a three - run homer and Willy Aybar had three hits for the Rays , who have won four of five . Tampa Bay went ahead 5 - 3 in the fourth when Evan Longoria doubled and scored on B. J. Upton 's single . Sonnanstine ( 3 - 1 ) gave up three runs and three hits in five innings . The right - hander struck out two and walked four . Matusz ( 4 - 12 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in four - plus innings . He walked two and struck out two . Tampa Bay 's Matt Joyce extended his hitting streak to a career - high 14 games with a single in the first . He was replaced by pinch - runner Josh Bell , who went 0 for 4 with a strikeout .
PHILADELPHIA -- Clayton Kershaw had a rough start to the season . Matt Kemp hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs to lead the Philadelphia Phillies to a 10 - 9 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Tuesday night . Clayton Kershaw gave up two runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . Danys Baez ( 3 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Jonathan Broxton ( 4 - 4 ) gave up four runs , three earned , and one hit in one - third of an inning . Jayson Werth hit a two - run single and Wilson Valdez had an RBI single in the eighth for the Dodgers . Ben Francisco 's RBI double and Casey Blake 's pinch - hit RBI single made it 9 - 10 in the ninth . Carlos Ruiz had three hits , including a two - run double in the ninth for the Dodgers , who have lost five of six . The Dodgers scored three runs in the first inning to take a 3 - 0 lead . Ronnie Belliard had a run - scoring single and Kemp followed with a run - scoring single to make it 3 - 0 . The Phillies jumped ahead 3 - 0 in the first on a run - scoring single by James Loney and a run - scoring single by Jamey Carroll . The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Kemp and a run - scoring groundout by Kemp . Los Angeles cut it to 3 - 2 in the bottom half on Carroll 's RBI single . The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on Kemp 's RBI single and Belliard 's sacrifice fly .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres are on the verge of being the NL 's top team . Kevin Correia pitched into the seventh inning , Adrian Gonzalez had four hits and drove in two runs and the Padres beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 8 - 5 on Tuesday night . Kevin Correia ( 9 - 7 ) allowed four runs and four hits in 6 1/3 innings , struck out seven and walked one . Heath Bell pitched a perfect ninth for his NL-leading 33rd save in 34 chances . Jerry Hairston Jr. hit a two - run homer and Ryan Doumit had a two - run double for the Pirates . Neil Walker had two hits and drove in a run for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . McDonald ( 1 - 2 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Chris Denorfia led off with a single , stole second and scored on Yorvit Torrealba 's two - out single . The Pirates added three runs in the fifth on RBI doubles by Gonzalez and Pedro Alvarez and a run - scoring groundout by Chris Snyder . The Pirates added three runs in the seventh , including a two - run double by Ryan Doumit and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Chris Snyder that made it 7 - 4 . Chase Headley added a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the seventh to make it 7 - 4 . Neil Walker had two hits and drove in a run for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . McDonald ( 1 - 2 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one .
NEW YORK -- Mike Pelfrey and the New York Mets are on a roll . Pelfrey pitched seven innings of four - hit ball , Jose Reyes drove in the run with a sacrifice fly in the seventh inning and the New York Mets beat the Colorado Rockies 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Pelfrey ( 11 - 6 ) allowed four hits , struck out four and walked one in seven innings . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth for his 25th save in 28 chances . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 17 - 3 ) gave up one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked four . The Mets have won four straight and eight of 10 . They have won seven of their last eight games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Rockies have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Los Angeles Dodgers had a big night at the plate . Andre Ethier had four hits and drove in three runs , Casey Blake homered and drove in four runs and the Dodgers routed the Philadelphia Phillies 15 - 9 on Tuesday night . The Dodgers have won five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . Dodgers starter Vicente Padilla ( 6 - 3 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings to earn his first win since July 26 . The right - hander is 6 - 0 with a 3.32 ERA in his last seven starts . The Dodgers jumped on Kyle Kendrick ( 7 - 5 ) for four runs in the first inning . Ethier hit an RBI double and scored on Ethier 's two - out single . Ethier followed with an RBI double to make it 2 - 0 . Ethier followed with an RBI double to make it 2 - 0 . James Loney followed with a run - scoring single to make it 3 - 0 , and Blake scored on a sacrifice fly by Matt Kemp . Blake Polanco had an RBI groundout and Theriot hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth to make it 7 - 0 . Blake Polanco hit a two - run homer off David Herndon in the seventh to make it 13 - 7 . Brown hit a two - run shot off Ronald Belisario in the ninth to make it 13 - 7 . Brown hit a two - run shot off Ronald Belisario in the ninth to make it 13 - 7 . Brown hit a two - run homer off Ronald Belisario in the ninth to make it 13 - 7 .
DETROIT -- The Detroit Tigers have been waiting for a long time to find a way to get back into the race . Johnny Damon had three hits and drove in three runs , Alex Avila hit a go - ahead , two - run single in the sixth inning and the Tigers beat the Los Angeles Angels 9 - 4 on Tuesday night . Detroit 's Rick Porcello ( 5 - 10 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and walked none . Trevor Bell ( 1 - 3 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on an RBI double by Juan Rivera and a run - scoring single by Jeff Mathis . Detroit tied it in the bottom of the inning on Damon 's two - out RBI double . The Tigers tied it at 1 in the bottom of the inning when Brandon Inge walked , stole second , went to third on a wild pitch and scored on a wild pitch . Detroit tied it in the bottom of the inning on Rhymes ' two - out RBI single . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Maicer Izturis led off with a double and scored on Juan Rivera 's single . Detroit tied it in the bottom of the inning on Avila 's two - run single . Rhymes ' RBI double in the fifth made it 3 - 1 , and Avila 's two - run single gave the Tigers a 5 - 3 lead . Don Kelly 's RBI single in the sixth made it 6 - 3 , and Damon added a two - run single in the eighth .
SEATTLE -- Alex Gordon 's first career pinch - hit homer in the ninth inning gave the Seattle Mariners a 3 - 2 win over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . It was the first pinch - hit homer of his career and the first pinch - hit homer of his career . Gordon 's pinch - hit homer off David Aardsma in the ninth gave the Mariners a 3 - 2 lead . It was the first pinch - hit homer of Gordon 's career . Gordon 's pinch - hit homer off David Aardsma in the ninth gave the Mariners a 2 - 1 lead . It was the first pinch - hit homer of Gordon 's career , and the first pinch - hit homer of his career . It was the first pinch - hit homer of Gordon 's career . Gordon 's pinch - hit homer off David Aardsma in the ninth gave the Mariners a 2 - 1 lead . It was the first pinch - hit homer of Gordon 's career . Vargas ( 8 - 5 ) gave up one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked three . Vargas ( 5 - 7 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Royals had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Vargas got Russell Branyan to ground into an inning - ending double play . Jamey Wright worked the eighth and Brandon League pitched the eighth . Brandon League pitched the eighth and David Aardsma gave up a solo homer to Alex Gordon in the ninth . It was his 20th of the season . It was his 20th career pinch - hit homer and second this season .
BALTIMORE -- The Chicago White Sox needed a strong outing from Kevin Millwood and a solid outing from Gavin Floyd to beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 2 Wednesday night . Kevin Millwood allowed one run and four hits in six innings , and J. J. Putz pitched the ninth for his third save . Floyd ( 8 - 8 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings , striking out five and walking two . The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . Carlos Quentin hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore went up 2 - 0 in the third . Nick Markakis led off with a double and scored on a single by Ty Wigginton . The Orioles took a 2 - 0 lead in the third . Alexei Ramirez drew a one - out walk and scored on a single by Ty Wigginton , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Jones homered in the fourth to put the Orioles up 1 - 0 . In the bottom half , the White Sox loaded the bases with no outs on a double by Felix Pie , a walk to Luke Scott and a double by A. J. Pierzynski . The White Sox tied it in the seventh . Juan Pierre led off with a double and scored on a single by Alex Rios , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . The White Sox tied it in the eighth on a run - scoring double by Gordon Beckham and a run - scoring double by A. J. Pierzynski . In the bottom half , Berken ( 3 - 3 ) retired the first two batters before Jones hit a 1 - 1 pitch into the left - field seats . It was his third homer of the season .
PHILADELPHIA -- Johan Santana had his best outing of the season . Santana pitched shutout ball into the eighth inning , Jeff Francoeur homered and the New York Mets beat the Philadelphia Phillies 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Santana ( 9 - 6 ) allowed five hits , struck out six and walked three in his longest outing of the season . Francisco Rodriguez got the last five outs for his 24th save in 28 chances . Hamels ( 7 - 8 ) gave up one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out 11 and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Jeff Francoeur homered off Santana in the seventh to give the Mets a 1 - 0 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Hamels this season . Francoeur homered off Chad Durbin in the seventh to give the Mets a 1 - 0 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Hamels this season . Francoeur homered off Chad Durbin in the seventh to give the Mets a 1 - 0 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Hamels this season . Francoeur hit a solo shot in the seventh off Chad Durbin to give the Mets a 1 - 0 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Hamels this season . Chad Durbin and Ryan Madson each pitched a scoreless inning before Francisco Rodriguez got the final five outs for his 24th save . The Phillies have lost four straight and seven of nine . The Phillies have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of seven .
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting for a long time to celebrate . Adam Jones singled in the winning run with two outs in the bottom of the 10th inning , and the Orioles beat the Chicago White Sox 2 - 1 on Tuesday night to end a three - game losing streak . Nick Markakis had a career - high four hits and Gordon Beckham homered for the Orioles , who have won six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven and are 2 - 5 against the Orioles this season . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Orioles this season . The White Sox have lost five of six and are 1 - 4 on their nine - game road trip . Alfredo Simon ( 3 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Baltimore starter Brad Bergesen allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Chicago starter John Danks gave up one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Gordon Beckham hit a solo homer in the third for the White Sox , who have lost five of six . Chicago tied it in the bottom half on Adam Jones ' RBI single . The White Sox had runners on first and second with two outs in the eighth , but Koji Uehara struck out Juan Pierre to end the threat . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Koji Uehara struck out Juan Pierre to end the threat .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Philadelphia Phillies are on a roll . Mike Hessman hit a three - run homer with two outs in the ninth inning , and the Phillies rallied to beat the New York Mets 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Mets starter Jonathon Niese gave up one run and four hits in seven innings . He walked five and struck out seven . Joe Blanton gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings for the Phillies , who have won five of six . Joe Hessman hit a three - run homer in the ninth for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Mets starter Joe Blanton gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings . Chad Durbin ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Brad Lidge got the final out for his 13th save . Parnell ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and four hits in two - thirds of an inning . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jose Reyes ' RBI single . The Mets tied it at 1 in the third on a two - out RBI single by Josh Thole . The Mets tied it at 1 in the third on a two - out RBI single by Jose Reyes . The Mets tied it at 1 in the third on Polanco 's sacrifice fly . The Mets tied it at 1 in the third on a two - out RBI single by Josh Thole . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Jose Reyes . The Mets tied it in the third on a two - out RBI double by Josh Thole .
PHOENIX -- Ryan Zimmerman 's two home runs were more than enough for the Arizona Diamondbacks . Zimmerman homered twice and drove in two runs , Barry Enright pitched six strong innings and the Diamondbacks beat the Washington Nationals 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Adam LaRoche had three hits for the Diamondbacks , who have won five of six . Enright ( 3 - 2 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings , striking out three and walking two . He also hit a run - scoring single in the fourth , and the Diamondbacks scored three runs in the fifth to take a 7 - 2 lead . Zimmerman 's solo homer in the seventh made it 7 - 4 , and Roger Bernadina 's solo homer in the eighth made it 7 - 4 . The Diamondbacks scored a run in the second inning on a throwing error by third baseman Willie Harris . Rusty Ryal had an RBI single in the fourth and Stephen Drew had an RBI single in the fourth to give Arizona a 4 - 1 lead . Detwiler ( 0 - 2 ) was charged with seven runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in four - plus innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when LaRoche scored on a throwing error by third baseman Kelly Johnson . Zimmerman 's two - out solo homer in the fifth made it 4 - 2 , and Bernadina 's solo shot in the seventh made it 7 - 4 . Enright allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out three . Zimmerman 's solo homer in the eighth made it 7 - 4 .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have been waiting for him to get back on track . Vicente Padilla pitched a two - hitter for his first career shutout and the Dodgers beat the San Diego Padres 9 - 0 on Tuesday night . Padilla ( 5 - 3 ) struck out nine and walked two in his second career shutout and second this season . The right - hander struck out nine and walked two in his second career shutout and second this season . The right - hander struck out a season - high nine and walked two in his second career shutout and second this season . Andre Ethier hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Wade LeBlanc ( 5 - 10 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . The right - hander struck out six and walked one . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 9.00 ERA in four starts against the Dodgers this season . Scott Podsednik hit a two - run single in the second , and Jamey Carroll had an RBI single in the third , and Ronnie Belliard added an RBI double in the third for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . The Padres have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven .
PHOENIX -- Adam Dunn hit a pair of two - run homers , Craig Stammen pitched into the sixth inning and the Washington Nationals beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Dunn hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a run - scoring single in the seventh . Dunn hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a run - scoring single in the seventh . Craig Stammen ( 4 - 4 ) gave up one run and six hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Dunn hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the fourth . He added a run - scoring single in the seventh and a run - scoring single in the seventh . Adam LaRoche added a solo homer in the eighth for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Ian Kennedy ( 6 - 9 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Dunn hit a two - run homer in the first inning , then added a solo shot in the fourth to make it 4 - 1 . Adam Kennedy added an RBI double in the seventh to make it 6 - 1 . Dunn hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added an RBI single in the seventh . He had a two - run homer in the first inning and a run - scoring single in the seventh . Michael Morse added a solo homer in the eighth .
ST. LOUIS -- The Houston Astros ' 18 - 4 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Friday night was their biggest of the season . Angel Sanchez had a career - high four hits and drove in a career - high six runs for the Astros , who have won four of five . The Astros have won five of six and are a season - worst 10 games over .500 . Angel Sanchez had four hits and drove in a career - high six runs for the Astros , who have won four of five . Bud Norris ( 4 - 7 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Norris ( 9 - 5 ) gave up eight runs -- four earned -- and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter . Jaime Garcia ( 9 - 5 ) was charged with eight runs -- four earned -- and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Astros scored five runs in the second inning to take a 6 - 1 lead . Sanchez hit a two - run double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Sanchez to make it 6 - 1 . Johnson had a two - run double in the seventh and Sanchez had a run - scoring single in the eighth to make it 14 - 4 . Sanchez had a two - run triple in the seventh and a run - scoring single in the eighth . He had an RBI single in the eighth and a run - scoring single in the eighth .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- The Kansas City Royals have been waiting for Alex Gordon to come off the disabled list . Gordon hit a solo home run in the second inning and the Kansas City Royals beat the Oakland Athletics 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Gordon hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fifth to help the Royals take two of three from the A 's . Royals starter Vin Mazzaro gave up two runs -- one earned -- and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Joakim Soria pitched a perfect ninth for his 30th save in 32 chances . Vin Cahill ( 6 - 3 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and five hits in six innings for the Royals . The right - hander struck out five and walked two . Royals starter Kyle Davies gave up two runs -- one earned -- and five hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out six . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Chris Getz 's RBI groundout . Kurt Suzuki 's RBI double in the fifth tied it at 2 . The A 's tied it in the bottom half on Gregor Blanco 's RBI fielder 's choice . Gregor Blanco hit an RBI grounder off Craig Breslow ( 4 - 3 ) to give the Royals a 3 - 2 lead in the ninth . Jesse Chavez ( 4 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win and Joakim Soria worked a perfect ninth for his 30th save in 32 chances . The A 's took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on a run - scoring single by Chris Getz and a run - scoring single by Matt Watson .
ST. LOUIS -- Adam Wainwright was happy to be the St. Louis Cardinals ' ace . Wainwright pitched seven strong innings and Albert Pujols hit a two - run homer , leading the Cardinals to a 9 - 1 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Wainwright ( 15 - 6 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Wainwright is the first Cardinals pitcher to win his first nine starts in a season since Jack Morris in 2005 , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Albert Pujols hit a two - run homer off Zach Duke ( 5 - 10 ) in the fifth to give the Cardinals a 6 - 1 lead . Brendan Ryan had three hits and scored three runs for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Matt Holliday homered and Aaron Miles drove in three runs for the Pirates , who have lost three of four . Pittsburgh has lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost six of seven . Wainwright ( 15 - 6 ) allowed six hits , struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . He has allowed two earned runs or less in five of his last six starts . The Cardinals have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have lost four of five . Duke gave up six runs , six earned , and seven hits in five innings . He struck out one and walked one . The Pirates scored three runs in the second inning to take a 1 - 0 lead . Ryan Tabata led off with a double and scored on Ronny Cedeno 's single to center . The Cardinals tied it in the third on Jon Jay 's RBI single and Pujols ' two - run homer to right - center off Zach Duke . Duke ( 5 - 10 ) allowed six runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out one and walked one .
SEATTLE -- Gio Gonzalez did n't need much help from the Seattle Mariners . Gonzalez pitched seven shutout innings , Chris Carter hit a two - run homer and the Oakland Athletics beat the Seattle Mariners 8 - 1 on Tuesday night . Gonzalez ( 15 - 9 ) allowed four hits , walked five and struck out eight . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 3.23 ERA in his last five starts . The A 's have won six of their past eight games and have won six of their last seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven . Fister , who had won his previous three starts , allowed six runs and 13 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked none and struck out none . Rajai Davis had a career - high four hits for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Fister ( 6 - 14 ) gave up six runs and 13 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out none and walked none . The A 's added three runs in the fifth on a two - run single by Mark Ellis and a two - run single by Jack Cust . Cliff Pennington added a solo homer in the eighth and Greg Halman added an RBI fielder 's choice in the eighth . Gonzalez ( 15 - 9 ) allowed four hits and five walks in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked five . Vin Mazzaro gave up a run in the eighth and Anthony Varvaro gave up an RBI single to Greg Halman in the eighth . Carter hit a two - run homer in the sixth to give Oakland a 6 - 0 lead .
CINCINNATI -- Houston 's Nelson Figueroa gave up a pair of hits in 6 2/3 innings , and the Houston Astros beat the Cincinnati Reds 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Figueroa ( 6 - 4 ) allowed six hits , struck out five and walked three in 6 2/3 innings to help the Astros snap a three - game losing streak . Brandon Lyon pitched the ninth for his 20th save in 23 chances . Johnny Cueto ( 12 - 7 ) gave up eight hits and two runs in seven innings for the Reds , who have lost four of five . The Reds have lost six of seven . Carlos Lee had three hits , including a run - scoring double in the first inning off Johnny Cueto . Carlos Lee had three hits , including a run - scoring double in the first inning off Johnny Cueto . Carlos Lee had three hits and drove in a run for the Reds , who have lost three of four . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Astros have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . They 've been shut out three times this season . They 've been shut out three times this season . They 've scored just two runs in their last three games . They 've scored just two runs in their last three games . They 've been shut out three times in their last seven games . They 've scored just two runs in their last five games . They 've scored just two runs in their last three games . They 've been shut out three times this season . They 've been shut out three times this season .
DENVER -- Matt Kemp and the Los Angeles Dodgers are on a roll . Kemp hit his first career grand slam , Troy Tulowitzki had four hits and the Dodgers beat the Colorado Rockies 7 - 6 on Tuesday night to snap a four - game losing streak . The Dodgers have won five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . Ramon Troncoso ( 2 - 3 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win , and Ronald Belisario gave up a run in the ninth before finishing for his second save in three chances . Dodgers starter Carlos Monasterios gave up five runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out one . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a bases - loaded sacrifice fly by Todd Helton , but the Rockies responded with four runs in the third . James Loney drew a bases - loaded walk and Todd Helton followed with a sacrifice fly to make it 6 - 2 . Kemp hit a three - run homer in the third to give the Dodgers a 5 - 1 lead . It was the first grand slam of the season for Kemp , who hit a three - run homer in the first inning of the Rockies ' 3 - 2 win over the Rockies on Friday night . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Todd Helton , but the Rockies answered in the bottom half . Tulowitzki led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Todd Helton . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Chin-lung Hu hit a sacrifice fly . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a bases - loaded walk to Todd Helton , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a triple . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Loney drew a bases - loaded walk and Kemp hit a three - run homer to left .
DENVER -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are on their longest winning streak of the season . Dexter Fowler homered and drove in two runs , Casey Blake added two solo shots and the Dodgers beat the Colorado Rockies 9 - 7 on Tuesday night . Dodgers manager Don Mattingly was ejected in the ninth inning by plate umpire Mark Carlson for arguing a called third strike . Dodgers manager Joe Torre was ejected in the ninth inning by plate umpire Mark Carlson for arguing a called third strike . Dodgers manager Joe Torre was ejected in the ninth inning by plate umpire Mark Carlson for arguing a called third strike . Dodgers manager Don Mattingly was ejected in the ninth inning by plate umpire Mark Carlson for arguing a called third strike . Dodgers manager Don Mattingly was ejected in the ninth inning by plate umpire Mark Carlson for arguing a called third strike . Dodgers manager Don Mattingly was ejected in the ninth inning by plate umpire Mark Carlson for arguing a called third strike . Dodgers manager Don Mattingly said he was n't sure if he was going to get the ball out of the infield . Dodgers manager Don Mattingly said he did n't think it was a home run , but he did n't think it was a home run . Dodgers manager Don Mattingly said he did n't think it was a home run , but he did n't think it was a home run . Dodgers manager Don Mattingly said he did n't think it was a home run , but he did n't think it was a home run . Dodgers manager Don Mattingly said he did n't think it was a home run , but he did n't think it was a home run . Dodgers manager Don Mattingly said he did n't think it was a home run , but he did n't think it was a home run . Dodgers manager Don Mattingly said he did n't think it was a home run , but he did n't think it was a home run . Casey Blake hit a pair of solo homers for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Dodgers starter Jeff Francis allowed five runs -- four earned -- and six hits in three innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . Kenley Jansen got four outs for his third save in three chances . He gave up a two - run homer to Dexter Fowler in the bottom of the ninth , then retired the side in order in the ninth . Dexter Fowler had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Rafael Furcal had two hits and drove in two runs for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Colorado took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Matt Kemp and a run - scoring single by Carlos Gonzalez . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Chris Nelson led off with a double and scored on Rafael Furcal 's triple to the left - field corner . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Carlos Gonzalez 's two - out RBI single .
DENVER -- The Colorado Rockies have been waiting for a long time to get back to the playoffs . Ted Lilly pitched eight strong innings , Casey Blake had three hits and drove in two runs , and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Colorado Rockies 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Lilly ( 9 - 12 ) allowed one run and four hits in eight innings , striking out eight and walking two . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.08 ERA in four starts against the Rockies this season . Carlos Gonzalez homered for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 19 - 8 ) gave up two runs and three hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out six . Los Angeles starter Joe Beimel retired the only batter he faced in the eighth . Hong-Chih Kuo pitched a perfect ninth for his 11th save in 13 chances . Blake Blake had three hits and drove in two runs for the Dodgers , who have won five of six . Blake Blake had three hits and drove in two runs for the Rockies , who have lost five of six . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Coors Field this season . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Coors Field this season . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Coors Field since July 24 - 26 , 2011 .
MILWAUKEE -- The Milwaukee Brewers have been waiting for a long time to find a way to win . Ryan Braun drove in three runs , Jeremy Jeffress ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings and the Brewers beat the Florida Marlins 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Milwaukee has won four of five . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee 's Andrew Miller ( 1 - 4 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Marlins scored two runs in the third to take a 2 - 0 lead . Ryan Braun hit a two - out , two - run single and Braun followed with a two - run single to give Milwaukee a 2 - 0 lead . The Brewers added a run in the fifth on an RBI single by Prince Fielder and a run - scoring single by Ozzie Mendez . Rickie Weeks added a run - scoring single in the eighth and pinch - hitter Joe Inglett had an RBI triple in the eighth to make it 6 - 1 . Jeremy Jeffress ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win , and Burke Badenhop gave up two runs in two innings . The Marlins scored twice in the fifth to take a 4 - 0 lead . Corey Hart led off with a double and scored on Ozzie Weeks ' single . Braun followed with a two - run single to make it 2 - 0 . Miller ( 1 - 4 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Marlins added a run in the seventh on Ozzie Sosa 's two - out single .
NEW YORK -- The Boston Red Sox have been waiting for Jed Lowrie to come off the disabled list . Jed Lowrie hit a three - run homer , Bill Hall hit a three - run shot and Boston beat Andy Pettitte and the New York Yankees 10 - 8 on Tuesday night . Pettitte ( 11 - 3 ) allowed seven runs -- six earned -- and 10 hits in 3 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked none and struck out one . Lowrie hit a three - run double in the second inning and a two - run double in the fourth to give the Red Sox a 7 - 1 lead . Lowrie went 4 - for - 4 with a two - run double in the fourth , a two - run double in the fourth and a three - run homer in the fifth . He had a two - run double in the fourth , a two - run double in the fourth and a three - run homer in the fifth that made it 10 - 1 . Beckett ( 6 - 5 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Rodriguez hit a two - run homer off Scott Atchison in the seventh , and Swisher connected in the seventh to make it 10 - 7 . Pettitte ( 11 - 3 ) was tagged for seven runs and 10 hits in 3 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He struck out one and did not walk a batter for the first time in his career . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts , and has given up 18 earned runs over his last three starts . The Yankees scored three times in the fourth to take a 7 - 1 lead . Marco Scutaro hit a two - run single and Darnell McDonald followed with a two - run double to make it 7 - 1 . Curtis Granderson hit a solo homer in the third for the Yankees .
NEW YORK -- David Price and the Tampa Bay Rays finally found a way to beat the New York Yankees . Marcus Thames hit a two - run homer , David Price pitched six strong innings and the Rays beat CC Sabathia and the New York Yankees 10 - 3 on Tuesday night . Price ( 18 - 6 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in six - plus innings , striking out seven and walking four . The right - hander is 5 - 0 in his last six starts against the Yankees , who have won five of six . Sabathia ( 20 - 7 ) gave up seven runs and 10 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out six . Marcus Burnett ( 4 - 3 ) gave up a two - run homer to Marcus Thames in the second inning and a two - run single to Carl Crawford in the sixth . The right - hander was lifted for a pinch hitter in the sixth after giving up a two - run double to Willy Aybar and a bases - loaded walk to Sean Rodriguez . The Rays took a 4 - 3 lead in the sixth on a run - scoring single by Rocco Baldelli and a run - scoring single by Nick Swisher . Kelly Shoppach drew a bases - loaded walk from Joba Chamberlain in the seventh to make it 10 - 3 . Kelly Shoppach drew a bases - loaded walk in the seventh to make it 10 - 3 . Sabathia ( 20 - 7 ) gave up a season - high 10 hits and seven runs in 5 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out six . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his last five starts . The Yankees scored three times in the sixth to take a 10 - 3 lead . Willy Aybar hit an RBI single and Upton added a two - run single off Javier Vazquez to make it 8 - 3 . Upton hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Thames connected in the second for a 2 - 0 lead .
WASHINGTON -- Washington Nationals manager Davey Johnson had a simple explanation for his team 's offense . Danny Espinosa hit a two - run homer , Michael Morse and Roger Bernadina each hit a two - run shot and the Nationals beat the Houston Astros 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Washington has won six of seven , and the Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Astros have lost five of six and are 2 - 7 since the All-Star break . Ross Detwiler ( 1 - 2 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in six innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out none , walked two and hit a batter . The Astros have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind first - place Washington in the NL West . The Astros have lost six of seven . Houston 's Nelson Figueroa ( 5 - 4 ) gave up five runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . Morse 's two - out , two - run double in the sixth gave the Nationals a 5 - 2 lead . Morse 's two - out , two - run double in the sixth gave the Nationals a 5 - 2 lead . Espinosa hit a two - run homer off Gustavo Chacin in the seventh to make it 7 - 2 . Bernadina hit a two - run homer off Gustavo Chacin in the sixth to make it 5 - 2 . It was Bernadina 's third home run of the season and first since Aug. 1 . Bernadina 's two - run shot in the sixth made it 5 - 2 .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting for Jim Thome to come off the disabled list . Jim Thome hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the sixth to lift the Twins to a 6 - 4 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Thome hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the second inning to give the Twins a 1 - 0 lead . Jim Perkins ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win , and Matt Capps pitched a perfect ninth for his major league - leading 41st save . Justin Masterson ( 6 - 13 ) gave up three runs , three earned , and three hits in just two - thirds of an inning for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Justin Masterson ( 6 - 4 ) gave up three runs and four hits in two - thirds of an inning for the Indians , who have lost four of five . The Indians have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Target Field this season . The Indians have lost six of their last seven games and have n't been swept in a three - game series at Target Field this season . Cleveland 's Scott Baker gave up two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in five innings for the Indians . He struck out seven and walked one . The Indians scored a pair of runs in the sixth to take a 4 - 1 lead . Travis Hafner hit an RBI double and scored on Drew Sutton 's single to make it 2 - 1 . Thome led off the bottom of the second with his 17th homer of the season and second in two games . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Michael Brantley 's two - out single . Luis Valbuena 's RBI double in the sixth made it 4 - 1 and chased Hernandez , who allowed two runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings .
TORONTO -- Ichiro Suzuki had a career - high four hits , and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Seattle Mariners 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Ichiro Suzuki had four hits and scored twice as the Blue Jays won for the sixth time in seven games . Rzepczynski ( 2 - 4 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings to win for the first time in four starts . He walked three and struck out eight . Travis Snider hit a two - run homer for the Mariners , who have lost six of seven . Luke French ( 4 - 6 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out two . Wells hit a two - run homer in the first , and Encarnacion hit a solo shot in the second . It was the second time this season the Blue Jays have hit back - to - back home runs . Wells hit a two - run shot off Luke Downs in the bottom of the first , his 12th . Encarnacion led off the second with a drive into the second deck in left , his 12th . The Blue Jays tied it in the fifth on a two - out , two - run single by Jose Lopez . The Blue Jays cut it to 5 - 2 in the fifth on a two - out , two - run homer by Wells , who was activated from the 15 - day disabled list before the game . The Blue Jays cut it to 5 - 3 on Chone Figgins ' RBI single in the ninth . Kevin Gregg gave up a run - scoring single to Chone Figgins in the ninth before finishing for his 34th save in 37 chances .
BOSTON -- Daisuke Matsuzaka could n't find the strike zone in the first inning . The Baltimore Orioles left - hander gave up four runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings to lead the Orioles to a 4 - 2 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night . Matsuzaka ( 9 - 6 ) gave up four runs , six hits and five walks in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out four . David Hernandez ( 8 - 8 ) gave up one run and one hit in two innings . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth for his 10th save in 11 chances . Baltimore starter Brian Matusz gave up one run and three hits in five innings , striking out four and walking three . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Victor Martinez . Baltimore tied it in the fourth when Brian Roberts led off with a walk and scored on Luke Scott 's sacrifice fly . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Nick Markakis . The Red Sox tied it in the fourth on an RBI single by Scott and a sacrifice fly by Victor Wigginton . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Luke Scott . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Victor Hall . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Martinez . The Red Sox tied it in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Scott and a run - scoring single by Martinez . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Martinez .
DETROIT -- The Detroit Tigers have been waiting for Yuniesky Betancourt to be in the lineup for the first time this season . Betancourt had a career - high four hits , including a three - run homer , and Alex Avila added a solo shot in the eighth inning to lift the Tigers to a 7 - 5 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . Betancourt had four hits , including a three - run homer in the fifth that gave the Tigers a 6 - 5 lead . Betancourt had four hits , including a three - run homer in the fifth that put Detroit ahead 6 - 5 . Will Rhymes hit a two - run homer in the sixth to make it 7 - 5 , but Avila 's solo homer in the eighth made it 7 - 5 . Brad Thomas ( 6 - 2 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings for the win and Phil Coke got the final two outs for his second save . Greinke ( 9 - 13 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Miguel Cabrera , and Betancourt 's three - run homer in the fifth made it 4 - 3 . Porcello allowed five runs and 12 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out two and walked none . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Ramon Santiago 's RBI single , but the Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI single by Ramon Santiago and a run - scoring single by Betemit .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Jered Weaver and the Los Angeles Angels are on their way to a playoff spot . Weaver ( 3 - 4 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season , and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Texas Rangers 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Weaver ( 13 - 11 ) allowed three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings , striking out two and walking two . The right - hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts , including a 1 - 0 loss to the Angels on April 8 . The Angels ' bullpen gave up three runs in the seventh , including Chris Davis ' pinch - hit homer in the eighth . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 12th save in 14 chances . Derek Holland ( 3 - 4 ) was charged with four runs and six hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked three and struck out one . David Murphy had a career - high five hits for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Texas took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Howie Kendrick . The Angels tied it in the fourth on an RBI single by Jeff Mathis and a run - scoring single by Nelson Cruz . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Brandon Wood 's two - out RBI single . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Matt Treanor walked , stole second and scored on a single by Bobby Abreu . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Murphy .
CHICAGO -- Justin Verlander has been a big part of the Detroit Tigers ' rotation . Verlander pitched a six - hitter for his first career complete game , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Chicago White Sox 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 17 - 8 ) allowed three runs and six hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out eight and walked one . The right - hander is 5 - 0 in his last six starts . The Tigers have won five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind first - place Detroit in the AL Central . Verlander ( 17 - 8 ) allowed three runs and six hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out eight and walked one . Scott Sizemore hit a pinch - hit , three - run homer off Sergio Santos ( 2 - 1 ) in the eighth to give the Tigers a 6 - 3 lead . It was the first pinch - hit homer of Sizemore 's career . The White Sox have lost five of six . The White Sox have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind first - place Detroit in the AL Central . Ryan Raburn had a two - run single in the first inning for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . The White Sox had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - runner Gerald Laird was thrown out at the plate trying to score from first on Austin Jackson 's single . The White Sox had runners on first and second with no outs in the eighth , but Gregory Guillen struck out to end the threat .
PHILADELPHIA -- Ryan Howard and the Philadelphia Phillies are on a roll . Howard hit a two - run homer and Kyle Kendrick pitched six strong innings to lead the Phillies to a 5 - 2 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . Jayson Werth and Raul Ibanez also homered for the Phillies . Kendrick ( 10 - 9 ) allowed two runs and six hits , striking out three and walking one . Ryan Madson worked around two walks in the eighth and Brad Lidge finished for his 23rd save in 26 chances . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Ian Desmond 's RBI triple . Ian Desmond 's RBI triple in the first gave Washington a 1 - 0 lead . Werth tied it in the bottom of the second with a leadoff homer to right . It was the first homer allowed by Kendrick , who gave up five runs and nine hits in three innings . Zimmermann ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in three - plus innings . He walked one and struck out three . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Ian Desmond and a run - scoring double by Wilson Valdez . Ibanez hit a solo homer in the third to give the Phillies a 5 - 1 lead . It was Ibanez 's 11th homer of the season and second in two games . Howard hit a two - run shot to right in the third to give the Phillies a 5 - 1 lead . It was Howard 's 11th homer of the season and second in two games . Werth tied it at 1 in the second with a solo shot to left - center . It was the first homer allowed by Zimmermann in his last five starts .
ST. LOUIS -- The San Diego Padres ' bullpen could n't come through . Ryan Ludwick hit a go - ahead three - run homer in the ninth inning , and the Padres beat the St. Louis Cardinals 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Ryan Ludwick hit a three - run homer off Kyle McClellan ( 1 - 4 ) in the ninth to give the Padres a 7 - 4 lead . Mike Adams ( 4 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win and Heath Bell pitched a 1 - 2 - 3 eighth for the Padres , who have won four of five . The Cardinals have won five of six and are a season - high 16 games over .500 for the first time this season . David Eckstein had three hits and an RBI for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Will Venable had three hits and drove in a run for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Cardinals starter Jeff Suppan allowed one run and five hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Cardinals tied it at 1 in the fifth on an RBI single by Will Venable and a run - scoring single by Miguel Tejada . Cardinals starter Chris Young gave up one run and three hits in four innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Cardinals tied it at 1 in the fifth on a two - out RBI single by Venable , who had three hits . The Cardinals tied it in the seventh on an RBI single by Miguel Tejada and a run - scoring single by Colby Rasmus . The Cardinals tied it at 1 in the fifth on a two - out RBI single by Venable .
ST. LOUIS -- Yadier Molina and the St. Louis Cardinals got a big hit . Molina matched a career high with four hits and drove in five runs , Matt Holliday also went deep and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the San Diego Padres 14 - 4 on Tuesday night . Pujols had three hits and drove in a career - high five runs , and Matt Holliday and Miguel Tejada homered for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Molina had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . He had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . He had an RBI double in the fourth and a two - run single in the sixth . Molina had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . He had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . He had a run - scoring double in the fourth and a run - scoring double in the eighth . Molina had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . He had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . He had a run - scoring double in the fourth and a run - scoring double in the eighth . Molina had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . He had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . He had a run - scoring double in the fourth and a run - scoring double in the eighth . Chase Headley hit a solo homer in the ninth for San Diego . Kyle Lohse ( 4 - 7 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings for the Cardinals . He struck out four and walked one .
BALTIMORE -- The New York Yankees are on the verge of a playoff spot in the AL East . Alex Rodriguez homered twice and drove in four runs , Robert Andino also went deep and the Yankees beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Alex Rodriguez hit a pair of solo homers for the Yankees , who have won four of five . New York has won six of seven . The Yankees have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place New York Yankees in the AL East . Rodriguez hit a solo homer in the second inning and a three - run drive in the ninth off Koji Uehara ( 1 - 2 ) , who gave up three runs and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . It was the second straight loss for the right - hander ( 1 - 2 ) , who gave up three runs and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . David Robertson ( 4 - 4 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Mariano Rivera worked the ninth for his 31st save in 34 tries . Baltimore 's A. J. Burnett allowed three runs and six hits in seven innings . The right - hander struck out five and walked one . The Orioles took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth when Adam Jones hit a solo homer off Kevin Millwood , who allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . The right - hander struck out six , walked four and hit a batter . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the third on a sacrifice fly by Nick Markakis . The Yankees tied it in the bottom half on a two - out homer by Rodriguez .
MIAMI -- Ryan Dempster has been one of the few bright spots for the Chicago Cubs . Dempster pitched seven innings of four - hit ball , Geovany Soto doubled home the go - ahead run in the sixth inning and the Cubs beat the Florida Marlins 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Dempster ( 14 - 10 ) allowed four hits , struck out five and walked three . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last five starts . The Cubs have won four of five . Alex Sanabia ( 4 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Sanabia allowed two runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked three . Andrew Cashner got the final out in the eighth and Sean Marshall got two outs in the eighth . Sean Marshall got the final two outs in the eighth and Carlos Marmol worked the ninth for his 32nd save in 34 chances . The Marlins have lost four of five . Geovany Soto hit a two - out double in the second and scored on Alfonso Soriano 's two - out double . Geovany Soto 's RBI double in the sixth made it 2 - 0 . Geovany Soto 's RBI double in the sixth made it 2 - 0 . Andrew Cashner came on and struck out pinch - hitter Wes Helms to end the inning . The Marlins had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Brian Sanches struck out pinch - hitter Wes Helms to end the threat . Dempster allowed two runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings .
CINCINNATI -- The Arizona Diamondbacks have been waiting for a long time to get back to Great American Ball Park . Rodrigo Lopez pitched seven solid innings , Gerardo Parra had two hits and drove in a run and the Diamondbacks beat the Cincinnati Reds 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Arizona has won four of five . The Diamondbacks have won 10 of their last 13 games against the Reds , who have the worst record in the majors . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . Lopez ( 6 - 14 ) allowed one run and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the third time this season . The right - hander is 6 - 0 in his last seven starts against the Reds , who have won six of their last seven . The Diamondbacks have lost six of their last seven games . Volquez ( 3 - 3 ) gave up three runs and six hits in 6 2 - 3 innings , striking out seven and walking two . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his last five starts . Kelly Johnson had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the fifth that gave the D-backs a 1 - 0 lead . Gerardo Parra had two hits , including a run - scoring double in the fifth that gave Arizona a 2 - 1 lead . Jonny Gomes ' RBI double in the first tied it at 1 . Stephen Drew singled in a run in the fifth for a 3 - 1 lead , but the Reds could n't get anything going against Lopez , who allowed eight hits and struck out four .
SEATTLE -- The Boston Red Sox had a lot of opportunities against Clay Buchholz . Buchholz pitched seven strong innings , Adrian Beltre hit a solo homer and the Red Sox beat the Seattle Mariners 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Buchholz ( 16 - 7 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings , striking out six and walking three . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 2.48 ERA in his last five starts . The Red Sox have won nine of their last 10 games and have won nine of their last 10 games against the Mariners . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Seattle starter David Pauley ( 2 - 8 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . Russell Branyan hit a solo homer in the first inning for the Mariners , who have lost five of six . Seattle starter Ryan Rowland-Smith gave up three runs and four hits in two - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . Ryan Kalish had an RBI triple in the eighth for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Martinez 's two - run double in the seventh gave the Red Sox a 4 - 1 lead . Beltre 's solo shot in the first inning gave Boston a 1 - 0 lead . It was the first homer of the season for Beltre , who hit a three - run shot in Friday 's 3 - 2 win over the Mariners . Beltre 's solo shot in the fourth inning gave the Red Sox a 1 - 0 lead . It was the first homer of the season for Beltre .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The New York Yankees are on their longest winning streak of the season . Robinson Cano hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning and the New York Yankees beat the Tampa Bay Rays 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Alex Rodriguez and Willy Aybar also homered for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Posada 's pinch - hit homer off Dan Wheeler ( 2 - 3 ) gave the Yankees a 7 - 7 lead in the ninth . It was the first pinch - hit homer of the season for Posada , who hit a two - run shot off Boone Logan in the ninth to give New York a 7 - 7 lead . It was the first pinch - hit homer of the season for Posada , who hit a two - run shot in the ninth inning of New York 's 3 - 2 win over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . David Robertson ( 3 - 4 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Mariano Rivera worked the 10th for his 30th save . Tampa Bay 's Matt Garza gave up six runs and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out four . Alex Rodriguez homered and drove in two runs for the Rays , who have won four of five . Cano had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third that gave the Yankees a 4 - 0 lead . Cano had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third that gave the Yankees a 4 - 0 lead . It was the first time the Yankees had scored at least 10 runs in a game this season . Tampa Bay took a 6 - 0 lead in the fifth on a run - scoring single by John Jaso and a run - scoring single by Francisco Cervelli . The Rays took a 6 - 0 lead in the fifth on a solo homer by Carlos Pena and a run - scoring single by Evan Longoria .
DENVER -- The San Diego Padres have been waiting for a long time to find a way to win . Troy Tulowitzki hit a three - run homer , Ernesto Frieri ( 1 - 1 ) got the win and Heath Bell pitched the ninth to earn his major league - leading 41st save in a 6 - 4 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Bell ( 1 - 1 ) retired the only batter he faced to earn the win . Bell pitched the ninth for his major league - leading 41st save in 38 chances . The Padres have won four straight and eight of 10 . Tejada hit a two - run homer off Jeff Francis ( 4 - 5 ) in the first inning and added a two - run single in the fifth to give the Padres a 4 - 0 lead . Tejada hit a two - run homer in the first and Tejada added a two - run single in the fifth to give the Padres a 4 - 0 lead . Tejada hit a two - run homer in the first and Tejada added a two - run single in the fifth to help the Padres take a 5 - 0 lead . The Rockies took a 4 - 0 lead in the fifth on Tejada 's two - run single and Ryan Ludwick 's run - scoring single . Colorado starter Cory Luebke allowed two runs and 10 hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Tejada 's two - run single and a two - run single by Tejada . The Rockies added two more runs in the fifth on Tejada 's two - run single and Ryan Ludwick 's RBI single .
CINCINNATI -- Andrew McCutchen 's three - run double in the ninth inning gave the Pittsburgh Pirates a 3 - 1 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Friday night . McCutchen 's three - run double off Francisco Cordero ( 6 - 5 ) gave the Pirates a 3 - 1 lead in the ninth . McCutchen 's three - run double off Joel Hanrahan scored Garrett Jones and Lastings Milledge and pinch - hitter Jose Tabata . McCutchen 's three - run double off Joel Hanrahan made it 3 - 1 in the ninth . Chan Ho Park ( 3 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Joel Hanrahan pitched the ninth for his fifth save in six chances . Cueto allowed three hits , struck out seven and walked two in seven innings . He struck out seven , walked two and hit a batter . Cincinnati 's Brian Burres gave up one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Reds have won six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at PNC Park since the first two games of the season . The Pirates have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at PNC Park since the start of the 2003 season . The Pirates have lost six of their last seven games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at PNC Park since the start of the 2003 season . The Pirates have lost six of their last seven games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at PNC Park since the start of the 2003 season .
ATLANTA -- Chris Carpenter was n't feeling good after the Atlanta Braves took advantage of an error . Matt Holliday hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , and the Atlanta Braves beat the St. Louis Cardinals 8 - 6 on Tuesday night . Carpenter 's two - out , two - run homer in the third inning gave the Braves a 1 - 0 lead . Holliday 's two - run homer in the third gave the Braves a 1 - 0 lead . The Braves tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Melky Cabrera , but Holliday 's two - run homer in the third gave the Braves a 1 - 0 lead . Holliday 's two - run homer in the third gave the Braves a 1 - 0 lead . The Braves tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Brian McCann . The Cardinals tied it in the bottom half on Derrek Lee 's two - out RBI single , but Holliday 's two - run homer in the third gave the Braves a 1 - 0 lead . The Braves tied it in the bottom half on Jason Heyward 's RBI single and Holliday 's two - run homer . Carpenter ( 15 - 6 ) gave up eight runs -- six earned -- and eight hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked none . Peter Moylan ( 6 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless sixth to earn the win . Billy Wagner pitched a perfect ninth for his 33rd save in 36 chances . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Holliday 's two - run homer , but the Cardinals tied it in the bottom half on Holliday 's two - out , two - run homer . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Brendan Ryan led off with a double and scored on Holliday 's two - out single . Atlanta took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Holliday 's two - out , two - run homer to left .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres are on their longest winning streak of the season . Mat Latos pitched seven strong innings and the Padres beat Clayton Kershaw and the Los Angeles Dodgers 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Latos ( 14 - 5 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings , struck out 10 and walked none . The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in four of his last five starts . Heath Bell pitched the final 1 2/3 innings for his 39th save in 40 chances . Kershaw ( 11 - 10 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Dodgers have lost five of their last six games . San Diego 's Adrian Gonzalez had two hits and drove in a run . Rafael Furcal had an RBI single in the sixth for the Dodgers , who have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . They have lost six of their last seven games . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Dodgers have lost six of their last seven games . The Dodgers have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Dodgers have lost six of seven .
PHILADELPHIA -- Adalberto Mendez 's first win with the Florida Marlins was a good one . Mendez allowed one hit over six scoreless innings , Dan Uggla had three hits and three RBIs and the Marlins beat the Philadelphia Phillies 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Mendez ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one hit and struck out six in six scoreless innings . The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 5.87 ERA in his first five starts this season . Mendez retired the first two batters in the ninth before Hanley Ramirez grounded into a double play . Hanley Ramirez was hit by a pitch with the bases loaded and one out in the ninth , and Jayson Werth followed with a run - scoring single . Giancarlo Stanton hit a two - run homer off Vance Worley ( 0 - 1 ) in the eighth to make it 4 - 0 . Uggla had three hits , including a two - run double in the ninth . Mike Stanton hit a two - run homer in the eighth and Chad Tracy added a solo shot for the Marlins , who have won five of six . Chad Tracy homered for the Phillies , who have lost five of six . Vance Worley ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in five innings for the Phillies . He struck out five and walked one . Stanton hit a two - run homer off Chad Durbin in the eighth to make it 4 - 0 . Stanton hit a two - run homer off Chad Durbin in the eighth to give the Marlins a 4 - 0 lead . Stanton hit a two - run homer off Chad Durbin in the eighth .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox had a big night at the plate . David Ortiz hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , Ryan Kalish hit a three - run homer and the Red Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays 12 - 5 on Tuesday night . Lester ( 16 - 8 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings , striking out 10 and walking three . The Red Sox scored three runs in the first inning off Jeff Niemann ( 10 - 6 ) , who gave up six runs and four hits in 1 2/3 innings . The Red Sox scored three runs in the first , including a two - run homer by Adrian Beltre , and a two - run single by Victor Martinez in the second . Ortiz hit a two - run homer in the first and a run - scoring double in the second . The Red Sox scored three runs in the first , including a two - run homer by Ryan Kalish , and a two - run single by Victor Martinez . The Red Sox scored two runs in the seventh on a bases - loaded walk to Desmond Jennings and a bases - loaded walk to Brad Hawpe , who was 0 for 3 with a walk . Lester ( 16 - 8 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings , striking out 10 and walking three . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last five starts . The Red Sox scored three runs in the first inning off Jeff Niemann ( 10 - 6 ) , who gave up six runs and four hits in 1 2/3 innings . The Red Sox scored three runs in the first , including a two - run homer by David Ortiz , and a two - run single by Carl Crawford in the second . Kalish hit a three - run homer in the fourth to make it 11 - 2 , and the Red Sox added three more in the seventh on a bases - loaded walk and a bases - loaded walk .
NEW YORK -- Marcus Thames and the New York Yankees are on a roll . Thames hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the New York Yankees rallied to beat the Toronto Blue Jays 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Marcus Thames hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Marcus Thames hit a two - run homer in the seventh off Jason Frasor ( 3 - 4 ) , who gave up two runs and three hits in 1 1/3 innings . Joba Chamberlain ( 2 - 4 ) pitched a perfect seventh inning for the win . Mariano Rivera worked the ninth for his 29th save in 32 chances . The Blue Jays took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run single by Robinson Cano and a two - run homer by Lyle Overbay . John McDonald hit a two - run homer in the second for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Toronto starter Marc Rzepczynski gave up five runs and six hits in four innings . He walked three and struck out one . The Blue Jays took a 5 - 3 lead in the fifth on Overbay 's two - run double and Brett Gardner 's RBI groundout . The Blue Jays tied it at 5 in the fifth on a two - run single by Francisco Cervelli and a two - run single by Robinson Cano . The Blue Jays tied it in the fifth on a two - run double by Francisco Cervelli and a two - run homer by Lyle Overbay . The Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half on Overbay 's two - run double off Dustin Moseley .
SEATTLE -- Luke French gave the Seattle Mariners a much - needed lift . French pitched one - hit ball over seven innings , Franklin Gutierrez hit an RBI single and the Mariners beat the Cleveland Indians 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . French ( 4 - 4 ) allowed one hit in seven innings , struck out four and walked three . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.89 ERA in his last four starts . David Aardsma pitched the ninth for his 27th save in 29 chances . The Mariners have lost four of five . Cleveland 's Fausto Carmona ( 11 - 14 ) allowed one run and four hits in eight innings . He walked five and struck out six . The Indians have lost four of five . The Indians have lost six of seven . They have lost four of five . The Indians have lost six of seven . They have lost four of five . The Indians have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . They have lost seven of their last 10 games . They have lost six of their last seven games and are 2 - 6 on their current 10 - game road trip . The Indians have lost six of their last seven games and are 2 - 6 on their current 10 - game road trip . The Indians have lost six of their past seven games and have lost six of their last seven . Cleveland 's Michael Brantley extended his hitting streak to a career - high 14 games with a sixth - inning single .
ATLANTA -- The New York Mets are on their longest winning streak of the season . Johan Santana pitched five innings of three - hit ball , Brian McCann homered and the Mets beat Tim Hudson and the Atlanta Braves 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Santana ( 11 - 9 ) allowed one run and three hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked one . Tim Hudson ( 15 - 6 ) gave up eight hits and four runs -- three earned -- with one walk and four strikeouts in seven innings . Brian McCann had three hits , including a solo homer , for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Atlanta 's David Wright hit a solo homer off Santana in the sixth to make it 3 - 1 . Carlos Beltran had a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the seventh . Hisanori Takahashi pitched the ninth for his third save in five chances . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Joaquin Arias ' run - scoring single . Joaquin Arias ' RBI single made it 2 - 0 in the first . McCann led off the second inning with his 21st homer to make it 2 - 1 . The Mets added a run in the seventh on Carlos Beltran 's fielder 's choice grounder and Luis Castillo scored on a wild pitch by Eric O'Flaherty . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Wright and a run - scoring single by Joaquin Arias . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Wright and a run - scoring single by Wright .
DENVER -- Chase Utley and the Philadelphia Phillies finally found a way to beat the Colorado Rockies . Chase Utley hit a grand slam and drove in six runs , Chris Iannetta hit a three - run homer and the Phillies beat the Colorado Rockies 12 - 11 on Tuesday night . Jayson Werth had three hits , including a solo homer , and Carlos Gonzalez also went deep for the Phillies , who have won five of six . Utley hit a three - run homer off Joe Beimel in the seventh to make it 12 - 7 , and Troy Tulowitzki had a run - scoring grounder in the ninth . Dexter Fowler had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in three runs for the Rockies . Antonio Bastardo ( 1 - 0 ) pitched one inning for the win . Brad Lidge gave up an unearned run in the ninth before finishing for his 19th save in 21 chances . The Phillies scored four times in the second inning to take a 4 - 0 lead . Utley hit a sacrifice fly and Chris Iannetta hit a three - run homer to give the Rockies a 4 - 0 lead . Utley 's sacrifice fly in the fifth made it 2 - 1 , but the Phillies answered with three runs in the bottom half . Melvin Mora led off with a single and Utley followed with a two - run homer to straightaway center to make it 4 - 2 . It was the first homer allowed by Blanton , who gave up three homers in his first start of the season . Gonzalez led off the bottom of the inning with his 16th homer of the season to make it 4 - 2 . Howard 's two - run shot made it 12 - 7 in the seventh .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Danny Valencia has been waiting for the Minnesota Twins this season . Danny Valencia hit a game - ending RBI single in the 10th inning to lift the Twins to a 2 - 1 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Michael Cuddyer led off the 10th with a single off Ryan Perry ( 2 - 5 ) and advanced to second on a wild pitch . Valencia then lined a 1 - 1 pitch to left - center to give the Twins a 2 - 1 lead . Jon Rauch ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 10th inning for the win . Francisco Liriano allowed five hits and struck out seven in seven innings for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Scherzer struck out nine and walked one . The right - hander was coming off his worst start of the season , a no - decision against the Chicago White Sox in which he gave up six runs in 4 1/3 innings . The Twins have lost six of seven . Scherzer struck out nine and walked one in his second complete game of the season . He struck out nine and walked one in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained muscle in his right side . He has n't won since May 29 , a span of seven starts . The Twins have lost three straight and seven of nine . Detroit 's Max Scherzer pitched a four - hitter for his second complete game of the season . He struck out nine and walked one in his second complete game of the season . He struck out nine and walked one in his second complete game of the season .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- C. J. Wilson kept the Texas Rangers off - balance all night . Wilson pitched two - hit ball into the seventh inning , Michael Young hit a three - run homer and the Texas Rangers beat the Tampa Bay Rays 6 - 0 on Tuesday night . Wilson ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two hits in 6 1/3 innings , striking out seven and walking two . The right - hander , who signed a $ < unk > million , five - year contract with the Rangers in December , struck out seven and walked two . Ian Kinsler hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Rangers , who have won five of their last six games . The Rangers have won the first two games of the three - game series between the AL East rivals . Tampa Bay 's James Niemann , the reigning AL Cy Young Award winner , allowed one hit in three scoreless innings . Shields ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and four hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked none and struck out two . Young 's homer in the fifth gave the Rangers a 5 - 0 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Shields in five starts this season . Young hit a three - run shot off Shields in the fifth to make it 2 - 0 . Young hit his first homer of the season in the fourth , a three - run shot that put the Rangers ahead 5 - 0 . Kinsler 's two - out RBI single in the fifth made it 6 - 0 . Kinsler hit a two - out RBI single in the fifth to make it 6 - 0 .
LOS ANGELES -- Chad Billingsley has been a big part of the Los Angeles Dodgers ' rotation . Billingsley pitched into the eighth inning and Matt Kemp hit a two - run homer , leading the Dodgers to a 3 - 2 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night . Billingsley ( 12 - 11 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 7 1/3 innings , struck out nine and walked one . The right - hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts . Kenley Jansen struck out the side in the ninth for his fourth save . Joe Saunders ( 9 - 17 ) gave up three runs and 10 hits in seven innings . The right - hander struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Andre Ethier had four hits for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Andre Ethier had a career - high four hits for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . The Diamondbacks have lost five of six and are 2 - 4 on their nine - game homestand . Kemp 's homer in the fifth gave the Dodgers a 2 - 0 lead . The Dodgers added a run in the sixth on a sacrifice fly by Reed Johnson and a sacrifice fly by Tony Abreu . Stephen Drew had a run - scoring single in the eighth , and Tony Abreu drove in a run with a sacrifice fly in the eighth . Billingsley ( 12 - 11 ) gave up two runs and four hits in 7 1/3 innings , struck out nine and walked one . The right - hander was 0 - 4 in his previous six starts against the Dodgers , including a no - hitter at Dodger Stadium on April 21 .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox had a chance to take the lead in the ninth inning , but the Red Sox could n't do much against the New York Yankees . Eric Patterson hit a two - out RBI single in the bottom half , and the Red Sox rallied for a 7 - 6 victory over the New York Yankees on Tuesday night . The Red Sox trailed 6 - 4 in the eighth before rallying against Ivan Nova ( 1 - 2 ) . Bill Hall led off the 10th with a single off Ivan Nova ( 1 - 2 ) and advanced to second on a wild pitch . He advanced to third on a wild pitch and scored on a single by Kevin Cash to make it 6 - 5 . Robert Lopez had three hits for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Robert Manuel ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win . The Red Sox took a 6 - 4 lead in the seventh on a run - scoring single by Eric Patterson and a run - scoring single by Eric Patterson . The Red Sox tied it at 6 in the eighth on an RBI single by Daniel Nava and a run - scoring single by Eric Patterson . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Lance Berkman 's bases - loaded walk and Francisco Cervelli 's sacrifice fly . Boston starter Daisuke Matsuzaka allowed three hits and four runs -- two earned -- in five innings . He walked five and struck out six . Burnett allowed four runs -- two earned -- and six hits in six innings with five strikeouts and two walks .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Diego Padres have been waiting for a long time to find a way to win . Adrian Gonzalez hit a three - run homer and Clayton Richard pitched into the sixth inning to lead the San Diego Padres to a 6 - 4 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night . Ryan Ludwick also homered for San Diego , which has won four of five . Matt Stairs homered for the second straight game and Aaron Rowand hit a pinch - hit , two - run shot in the sixth for San Francisco . Richard ( 14 - 9 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out one and walked two . Heath Bell got the final four outs for his league - leading 46th save in 43 chances . San Francisco 's Matt Cain ( 13 - 11 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in four - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . San Francisco scored four runs in the third to take a 6 - 0 lead . Cody Ross had three hits for San Francisco , which has lost four of five . The Giants have lost six of seven . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer off Cain in the third , and Ludwick connected in the fourth to give San Francisco a 3 - 0 lead . It was Ludwick 's third home run of the season . Gonzalez hit a three - run shot off Cain in the sixth to make it 6 - 0 . It was the first home run allowed by Cain this season . Richard allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out one .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Toronto Blue Jays have been waiting for Edwin Encarnacion to come off the disabled list . Edwin Encarnacion homered and drove in four runs , Ricky Romero pitched eight strong innings and the Blue Jays beat the Minnesota Twins 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Encarnacion had three hits , including a three - run homer in the eighth inning that gave the Blue Jays a 6 - 2 lead . Romero ( 14 - 9 ) allowed two runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Kevin Gregg got the final out for his 37th save in 44 chances . Delmon Young hit a solo homer for the Twins , who have lost three of four . Carl Pavano allowed two runs -- one earned -- and nine hits in seven innings for the Twins , who have lost five of six . Carl Pavano allowed two runs -- one earned -- and nine hits in seven innings for the Twins , who have lost five of six . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on a run - scoring single by Joe Mauer and a run - scoring single by Jose Bautista . The Blue Jays tied it in the seventh on Lyle Overbay 's two - out single and Encarnacion 's two - out , three - run homer off Jesse Crain ( 1 - 1 ) . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on an RBI single by Buck and a run - scoring single by Joe Mauer , who was 1 for 4 with an RBI single .
NEW YORK -- A. J. Burnett had his best outing of the season , and the New York Yankees are on a roll . Burnett pitched six solid innings and the Yankees beat the Toronto Blue Jays 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Burnett ( 4 - 1 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked none . Mariano Rivera worked the ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Adam Lind and a sacrifice fly by David Cooper . Yunel Escobar had a run - scoring triple and scored on Curtis Granderson 's two - out single in the second . Mike McCoy homered for the Blue Jays , who have lost six of seven . Drabek ( 2 - 1 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 2 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked four and struck out four . The Blue Jays took a 3 - 1 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by David Cooper and a run - scoring single by Russell Martin . The Blue Jays took a 3 - 1 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by David Cooper and a run - scoring single by Eric Chavez . The Blue Jays took a 3 - 1 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Adam Lind and a sacrifice fly by David Cooper . The Blue Jays took a 3 - 1 lead in the second on an RBI single by Martin and a sacrifice fly by David Cooper . Toronto 's Juan Rivera extended his hitting streak to a career - high 14 games with a single in the third .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals had a chance to take the lead in the eighth inning . Jarrod Dyson stole second base and scored on Brayan Pena 's single , and the Kansas City Royals beat the Minnesota Twins 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Royals won for the sixth time in seven games and moved within a half - game of the first - place Chicago White Sox in the AL Central . Danny Valencia had two hits and drove in two runs for the Royals . Blake Wood ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for his first major league win . Joakim Soria worked a perfect ninth for his sixth save . Alex Gordon had two hits and drove in a run for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Alex Burnett ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up two runs -- one earned -- and two hits in 1 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out one . Twins starter Scott Baker gave up two runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out two . Luke Hughes hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Minnesota 's Bruce Chen gave up three runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out one . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Jason Kubel led off with a double and scored on Danny Valencia 's two - out double . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Melky Cabrera led off with a single , stole second and scored on a triple by Alex Gordon .
CHICAGO -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting for a long time in the past week . Matt Wieters hit a tiebreaking , two - run homer in the sixth inning , and the Orioles beat the Chicago White Sox 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . Jake Arrieta ( 3 - 1 ) allowed three runs and five hits in five innings to win for the first time in four starts . The right - hander struck out two and walked two in his first start against the White Sox this season . Pierzynski hit a two - run homer in the second inning off John Danks ( 0 - 4 ) , who gave up five runs and eight hits in six innings . Brian Roberts had a two - run double in the seventh for the White Sox , who have won five of six . Luke Scott and Brent Lillibridge also homered for the White Sox , who have lost five of six . The White Sox scored three runs in the second inning to take a 3 - 0 lead . Derrek Lee 's RBI single made it 3 - 2 , and Roberts hit a two - out , two - run double in the seventh to make it 10 - 4 . The White Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Mark Reynolds and a run - scoring single by Juan Pierre . The White Sox tied it in the third on a two - run homer by Brent Lillibridge , but the White Sox responded in the bottom half . Nick Markakis drew a one - out walk and Wieters followed with a two - run double to make it 5 - 3 . Wieters added a two - run double in the seventh .
DETROIT -- The Seattle Mariners have been waiting for the Detroit Tigers to get back to .500 . Michael Pineda allowed two runs and four hits in six innings , Alex Avila drove in two runs and the Mariners beat the Detroit Tigers 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Pineda ( 4 - 1 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked three . The Mariners have won four of their last five games . Detroit 's Brad Penny ( 1 - 3 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out three . The Mariners took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Ichiro Suzuki 's RBI double and Chone Figgins ' run - scoring fielder 's choice . Seattle took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run double by Alex Avila and a run - scoring double by Justin Smoak . The Tigers tied it in the third when Olivo led off with a double and scored on Justin Smoak 's double . Rodriguez 's two - run double in the second gave the Mariners a 3 - 2 lead . Rodriguez 's two - out , two - run homer off Ryan Perry in the eighth made it 7 - 2 . Rodriguez 's three - run homer off Ryan Perry in the eighth made it 7 - 2 . Rodriguez hit a three - run homer in the eighth to make it 7 - 2 . Rodriguez hit a three - run homer off Ryan Perry in the eighth , and Rodriguez added a three - run shot off Ryan Perry in the eighth to make it 7 - 2 .
CLEVELAND -- Josh Tomlin did n't have his best stuff . The Cleveland Indians ' right - hander pitched six solid innings and Orlando Cabrera hit a three - run double to lead the Indians to a 7 - 2 win over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . Tomlin ( 4 - 0 ) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his previous five starts . The right - hander gave up a solo homer to Jeff Francoeur in the second inning and a solo shot to Mike Aviles in the second . The right - hander allowed two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . Nate Adcock worked three innings in his major league debut . Jeff Francis ( 0 - 3 ) allowed six runs -- five earned -- and 10 hits over three innings in his first start for the Royals . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his previous four starts . The Indians scored three runs in the first inning off Jeff Francis ( 0 - 3 ) , who was making his first start since July 29 . Travis Hafner singled in a run and Cabrera followed with a three - run double to give the Indians a 4 - 0 lead . Francoeur led off the second with a homer to right , his third of the season . The Indians added a run in the third on a sacrifice fly by Jack Hannahan . The Royals added a run in the third on a sacrifice fly by Lou Marson .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Cody Eppley was n't surprised by the Texas Rangers ' bullpen . Cody Moreland hit a tiebreaking homer in the seventh inning , and the Texas Rangers rallied for a 7 - 6 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night . Cody Eppley ( 1 - 0 ) gave up a solo homer to Mitch Moreland in the seventh , and Darren Oliver got the final three outs for his second save . Cody Rivera homered and drove in two runs for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Michael Young had a two - run double and Mike Napoli added a two - run double for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Texas starter Derek Holland allowed five runs and 11 hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked three . Darren Oliver pitched the ninth for his second save . Dotel ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and one hit in 1 2/3 innings . Darren Oliver pitched the ninth for his second save . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on Jose Bautista 's two - run double and Adam Lind 's sacrifice fly . The Blue Jays took a 6 - 2 lead in the third on a two - run double by Nelson Cruz and a two - run double by Jose Bautista . The Blue Jays took a 6 - 2 lead in the third on a two - run double by Michael Young and a run - scoring single by Elvis Andrus . The Blue Jays took a 6 - 2 lead in the third on a two - run homer by Juan Rivera and a two - run double by Mike Napoli . The Blue Jays took a 6 - 2 lead in the third on a two - run double by Jose Bautista and a run - scoring single by Elvis Andrus . The Blue Jays took a 6 - 2 lead in the third on a two - run double by Nelson Cruz and a two - run double by Mike Napoli . The Blue Jays took a 6 - 2 lead in the third on a two - run homer by Rivera and a two - run shot by Rivera .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Adam Lind and the Toronto Blue Jays are on a roll . Lind homered twice and drove in five runs , Jesse Litsch won for the first time in four starts and the Blue Jays beat the Texas Rangers 10 - 3 on Tuesday night . Lind hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning and added a three - run shot in the fourth to give the Blue Jays a 10 - 3 lead . Lind had three hits , including a three - run homer in the fourth that made it 10 - 3 . Lind had three hits , including a three - run homer off Matt Harrison ( 3 - 2 ) in the fourth that made it 10 - 3 . Litsch ( 2 - 1 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out one . The Blue Jays have won six of their past seven games . Texas has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost seven of their last 10 games . Lind hit a three - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the fourth to make it 10 - 3 . Lind hit a three - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the fourth to make it 10 - 3 . Harrison ( 2 - 1 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings . The right - hander struck out one and walked two . Harrison ( 3 - 2 ) allowed seven runs -- seven earned -- and eight hits in three innings . He struck out one , walked three and threw a wild pitch . The Blue Jays jumped on Harrison in the first . Yunel Escobar led off with a single , stole second and scored on Travis Snider 's groundout . Lind 's homer in the third made it 10 - 3 , and he added a three - run homer in the fourth .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Kyle Drabek and the Toronto Blue Jays are on a roll . Corey Patterson hit a three - run homer and Kyle Drabek pitched six strong innings to lead the Blue Jays to a 6 - 4 victory over the Texas Rangers on Tuesday night . Juan Rivera hit a two - run homer and Yorvit Torrealba added a solo shot for the Blue Jays , who won for the seventh time in eight games . Drabek ( 2 - 0 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked two . The Blue Jays have won six of their last seven games . Jon Rauch pitched the ninth for his fourth save . Colby Lewis ( 1 - 3 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in five innings for the Rangers , who have lost five of six . The Blue Jays have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Blue Jays have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Blue Jays have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Blue Jays have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Blue Jays have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Blue Jays have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games
MIAMI -- The Florida Marlins had a chance to get back to the dugout . Omar Infante hit a three - run triple , Giancarlo Stanton hit a three - run homer in the eighth inning and the Marlins beat the Colorado Rockies 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Marlins won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 4 - 0 against the Rockies this season . The Marlins have won four of five . Florida 's Josh Johnson gave up one run and three hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out six . The Rockies ' Ubaldo Jimenez allowed three runs -- three earned -- and one hit in five innings . He walked four and struck out seven . Mike Dunn ( 1 - 0 ) retired the only batter he faced to get the win . Leo Nunez pitched a perfect ninth for his sixth save . Matt Belisle ( 2 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing three runs in two - thirds of an inning . Omar Infante hit a three - run triple in the fifth to give the Rockies a 3 - 0 lead . Omar Wigginton hit a two - out double in the sixth and scored on Jonathan Herrera 's two - out double to make it 3 - 1 . Jonathan Herrera had a two - out RBI double in the sixth to make it 3 - 1 . Stanton 's homer off Clay Hensley in the eighth gave the Marlins a 6 - 3 lead . It was Stanton 's 19th homer of the season and second in two games . It was the third homer of the season for Stanton , who hit a two - run shot in the ninth inning Tuesday night . He has hit three home runs in his past three games .
BALTIMORE -- The New York Yankees have been waiting for the Baltimore Orioles to get back to .500 for the first time this season . Russell Martin hit a tiebreaking RBI single in the 11th inning , and the Yankees beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 3 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . The Yankees scored three runs in the ninth off Jason Berken ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up three runs and four hits in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth . Russell Martin led off the 11th with a single off Jason Berken ( 0 - 1 ) , and Eric Chavez drew a one - out walk . Curtis Granderson hit a two - run homer off Mariano Rivera , who blew a save for the third time in four tries this season . Mark Reynolds hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Boone Logan ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Jeter had four hits and Jeter had four hits for the Orioles , who have won four straight and seven of eight . New York 's Freddy Garcia allowed two hits in six innings , striking out seven and walking two . The right - hander struck out seven and walked two in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained muscle in his right side . The right - hander allowed three runs and five hits in six innings , struck out nine and walked three . The right - hander struck out a season - high nine and walked three in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained muscle in his right side . The right - hander allowed three runs and five hits in six innings , struck out nine and walked three . The right - hander struck out the side in the first inning , then gave up three runs in the fifth . Jeter led off with a single , stole second and scored on a fielder 's choice grounder by Alex Rodriguez . New York went up 3 - 0 in the fifth when Jeter led off with a single , stole second and scored on a fielder 's choice by Granderson .
DETROIT -- Brad Penny did n't have his best stuff , and the Detroit Tigers did n't need much offense . Penny allowed one hit over seven innings , Alex Avila hit a two - run triple and the Detroit Tigers beat the Chicago White Sox 9 - 0 on Tuesday night . Penny ( 1 - 2 ) allowed one hit in seven innings , striking out three and walking two . The right - hander , who had been 0 - 4 in his previous six starts , allowed only one baserunner in the first four innings . The right - hander walked two , struck out three and lowered his ERA to 6.35 . The White Sox have lost six of seven and have been shut out three times this season . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . Jackson ( 2 - 2 ) gave up eight runs -- seven earned -- and 12 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Austin Jackson led off with a double and scored on Magglio Ordonez 's groundout . Magglio Ordonez had an RBI grounder in the fourth , and Jhonny Peralta added an RBI single in the sixth . Raburn 's sacrifice fly in the eighth made it 9 - 0 . Raburn 's sacrifice fly in the eighth made it 9 - 0 . Raburn 's sacrifice fly in the eighth made it 9 - 0 . Cabrera doubled in a run in the eighth and scored on a single by Raburn .
CINCINNATI -- Mike Leake had a rough start to the season . The right - hander pitched seven solid innings , Joey Votto and Kelly Johnson homered and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Leake ( 3 - 0 ) gave up three runs and four hits in seven innings , striking out six and walking two . The right - hander , who had n't won at Great American Ball Park since Sept. 16 , 2009 , was the Reds ' first - round draft pick in 2006 . The right - hander , who signed a one - year , $ 5 million deal with the Reds in the offseason , gave up three runs and four hits in a season - high seven innings . He struck out six , walked two and hit a batter . Joey Votto and Stephen Drew also homered for the Reds , who have won three of their last four . Cincinnati has won four of its last five . The Diamondbacks have won four of their last five games . The Diamondbacks have lost six of their last seven games . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . Hudson gave up a season - high seven runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . The right - hander had been 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Reds scored four runs in the first inning off Daniel Hudson ( 0 - 4 ) , who allowed seven runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jay Bruce 's bases - loaded walk and Votto 's two - run homer in the fifth . Votto 's solo shot in the fifth cut it to 4 - 3 , but Johnson cut it to 4 - 3 with a solo homer in the fifth . It was Johnson 's second homer in two games . Johnson 's solo homer in the fifth made it 5 - 3 , but the Reds answered in the bottom half on Cairo 's two - run single .
MIAMI -- Ricky Nolasco pitched seven innings of four - hit ball , and the Florida Marlins beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 6 - 0 on Tuesday night . Nolasco ( 2 - 0 ) allowed four hits , walked one and struck out eight in his second start since coming off the disabled list . The right - hander was 0 - 2 with a < unk > ERA in two starts against the Pirates this season . The Marlins have won four of their last five games . Chris Coghlan had a two - run single and Emilio Bonifacio an RBI single in the second inning to help the Marlins build a 6 - 0 lead . Florida 's Charlie Morton ( 2 - 1 ) allowed six runs -- six earned -- and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out six , walked three and hit a batter . The Marlins scored four runs in the second inning to take a 4 - 0 lead . Coghlan hit a two - out , two - run single and Coghlan followed with a two - run single . Hanley Ramirez followed with an RBI single to make it 4 - 0 . Coghlan 's two - out , two - run single in the bottom of the inning made it 4 - 0 . Coghlan 's two - out , two - run single in the bottom of the inning made it 4 - 0 . Coghlan 's two - out , two - run single in the bottom of the inning made it 4 - 0 . Coghlan 's two - out , two - run single in the bottom of the inning made it 4 - 0 . Coghlan 's two - out single in the third made it 6 - 0 .
NEW YORK -- Wandy Rodriguez pitched well enough to earn his first win of the season , and the Houston Astros beat the New York Mets 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking three . The right - hander was 1 - 4 with a 5.63 ERA in his previous six starts . The Astros have won four straight and seven of eight . They have won six of their last seven games . The Mets have lost six of seven . Jonathon Niese ( 0 - 3 ) gave up two runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in six innings for the Mets . He walked five and struck out three . Angel Sanchez added a two - run single in the eighth . Carlos Beltran homered for the Mets , who have lost five of six . The Mets have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Mets have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Mets have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost five of their last six games . The Mets have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost five of their last six games . The Mets have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- C. J. Wilson has been a big part of the Texas Rangers ' rotation . Wilson struck out nine in seven strong innings , Adrian Beltre hit a three - run homer and the Rangers beat the Los Angeles Angels 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Wilson ( 2 - 0 ) allowed one run and nine hits in seven innings , striking out nine and walking one . The right - hander was coming off a three - hit shutout against the Los Angeles Angels in his previous start , a 1 - 0 win over the Los Angeles Angels . The right - hander struck out the side in the first inning , then retired the side in order in the fourth and fifth innings . The right - hander struck out the side in the fourth and retired the side in order in the seventh . The Angels ' only run came on Howie Kendrick 's two - out RBI single in the seventh . Howie Kendrick had an RBI single in the seventh for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Santana had a two - run homer in the fifth and a three - run shot in the fifth to make it 6 - 0 . Moreland added a solo homer in the eighth off Jason Bulger , who was making his major league debut . It was the first time the Angels had scored more than three runs in a game this season . The Angels had a season - high 16 hits , including three in the fourth . Beltre 's homer in the fifth gave the Rangers a 6 - 0 lead . Andrus had three hits , including an RBI single in the seventh that made it 6 - 1 .
CINCINNATI -- Andrew McCutchen and the Pittsburgh Pirates finally found a way to beat the Cincinnati Reds . McCutchen hit a leadoff homer and drove in two runs , Jay Bruce also went deep and the Pirates beat the Cincinnati Reds 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . McCutchen had three hits , including a leadoff homer in the first inning off Edinson Volquez , who allowed six runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander walked six and struck out six . McCutchen had three hits , including a leadoff homer in the first inning off Jeff Karstens , who allowed five runs and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings . Garrett Jones and Jonny Gomes also homered for the Pirates , who have won five of six . Cairo , who had three hits , homered off Logan Ondrusek ( 2 - 1 ) leading off the sixth . Bruce hit a solo shot in the seventh off Jose Veras , his fourth of the season and first since July 26 . He also had a run - scoring single in the eighth . Chris Resop ( 1 - 0 ) retired the only batter he faced to get the win . Joel Hanrahan pitched 1 2/3 innings for his fifth save in five chances . The Pirates have lost four of five . Pittsburgh 's Jose Tabata hit a leadoff homer in the first inning , his first of the season and second in two games . The Pirates made it 4 - 0 in the second on a sacrifice fly by Ronny Cedeno and a run - scoring groundout by Chris Snyder . Tabata led off the second inning with his first homer of the season , a drive into the right - field seats on a 3 - 2 pitch . It was his second homer of the season and second in two games . The Pirates took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Neil Walker and a run - scoring groundout by Chris Snyder .
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting for the Washington Nationals to get back to .500 . Adam LaRoche hit a game - ending fielder 's choice in the 10th inning , lifting the Nationals to a 4 - 3 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . The Nationals have won five of six and have a chance to move into first place in the NL East for the first time since they were 2 - 1 in the first game of a three - game series against the Chicago Cubs . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Rickie Weeks had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in two runs for the Nationals . Chad Gaudin ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 10th inning for the win . Zach Braddock ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer off Tom Gorzelanny in the fifth , and Adam LaRoche hit a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the ninth to give the Brewers a 3 - 2 lead . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the fifth for a 3 - 2 lead . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the fifth for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Milwaukee starter Chris Narveson allowed three runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out five . The Brewers took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Danny Espinosa and a run - scoring single by Wilson Ramos . Milwaukee added a run in the second when Michael Morse doubled and scored on a wild pitch .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals have been waiting for a long time in the past week . Bruce Chen pitched eight innings of six - hit ball , Alex Gordon hit a two - run double and the Kansas City Royals beat the Seattle Mariners 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Chen ( 2 - 0 ) allowed an unearned run and six hits in eight innings , striking out one and walking one . The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 2.37 ERA in his last four starts . The Royals have won six of seven and are a season - high 16 games over .500 . Wilson Betemit hit a sacrifice fly in the eighth and Adam Kennedy added a sacrifice fly in the eighth . Doug Fister ( 0 - 3 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in seven innings for the Mariners . He struck out five and walked one . Alex Gordon 's two - run double in the third gave the Royals a 2 - 0 lead . Billy Butler added an RBI single in the third , and Betemit 's sacrifice fly in the sixth made it 5 - 0 . Betemit 's sacrifice fly in the eighth scored Chone Figgins , who led off the inning with a double and scored on Adam Kennedy 's sacrifice fly . Fister allowed five runs and eight hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out five . The Royals have lost six of their past seven games . Seattle has lost six of seven . The Mariners have scored just four runs in their past three games . The Royals have scored just four runs in their past three games .
LOS ANGELES -- Albert Pujols and the St. Louis Cardinals did n't need much offense . Albert Pujols and Matt Kemp each had three hits , including a go - ahead homer in the fifth inning , and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 9 - 5 on Tuesday night for their first three - game winning streak of the season . Garcia ( 2 - 0 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in five innings , struck out two and walked two . The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a < unk > ERA in his previous four starts , including a 2 - 1 loss to the Dodgers on April 28 , when he gave up six runs in 2 1/3 innings of a 10 - 0 loss to the Los Angeles Dodgers . Kuroda ( 2 - 1 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Kemp 's two - out RBI single , but the Cardinals tied it in the second on a two - run homer by Albert Pujols and a run - scoring double by Lance Berkman . The Cardinals tied it in the second on a two - out RBI single by Ryan Theriot . The Cardinals tied it in the second on an RBI single by Daniel Descalso and a run - scoring single by Ryan Theriot . Molina 's RBI double in the seventh made it 9 - 3 and chased Garcia , who gave up three runs and eight hits in five innings . The right - hander struck out two and walked none .
NEW YORK -- Troy Tulowitzki and the Colorado Rockies have been waiting for him to get back to Citi Field . Tulowitzki homered and drove in three runs , Esmil Rogers won for the first time in more than a month and the Colorado Rockies beat the New York Mets 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Tulowitzki had three hits , including a three - run homer off Jonathon Niese ( 0 - 2 ) in the fifth that gave the Rockies a 4 - 3 lead . Tulowitzki hit a three - run shot off Jonathon Niese ( 0 - 2 ) in the fifth to give the Rockies a 4 - 3 lead . Tulowitzki hit a three - run shot off Jonathon Niese ( 0 - 2 ) in the fifth to give the Rockies a 4 - 3 lead . Tulowitzki hit a three - run shot off Jonathon Niese ( 0 - 2 ) in the fifth to give the Rockies a 4 - 3 lead . Tulowitzki hit a three - run homer in the fifth to give the Rockies a 4 - 3 lead . Tulowitzki hit a three - run shot in the fifth to give the Rockies a 4 - 3 lead . It was Tulowitzki 's 19th homer of the season and second in two games . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Todd Helton and a run - scoring double by Daniel Murphy . Niese gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out five . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Angel Pagan and an RBI double by Carlos Beltran .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Kansas City Royals are on the verge of a playoff spot in the AL Central . Mike Aviles hit a two - run double , Alex Gordon added a two - run double and the Royals beat Francisco Liriano and the Minnesota Twins 10 - 5 on Tuesday night . Royals starter Kyle Davies ( 1 - 1 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in five innings for the Royals , who have won four of five . Liriano ( 0 - 3 ) gave up seven runs -- seven earned -- and eight hits in five innings . He struck out four , walked one and hit a batter . Mike Aviles had two hits and three RBIs for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Minnesota scored four runs in the fourth to take a 6 - 1 lead . The Royals scored four times in the fourth to take a 6 - 1 lead . Billy Butler 's RBI single and Aviles ' two - run double gave the Royals a 6 - 1 lead . Jason Kubel 's RBI single and Justin Morneau 's RBI double cut the deficit to 6 - 5 in the fifth , but the Royals answered with four runs in the bottom half to take a 6 - 1 lead . Alcides Escobar had an RBI single and Aviles followed with a two - run double to make it 6 - 1 . Chris Getz singled in a run in the fifth to make it 6 - 1 . The Royals scored three runs in the fifth to take a 6 - 1 lead . Span led off with a double and scored on Justin Morneau 's double to right - center . Aviles followed with a two - run double to make it 6 - 1 , and Span scored on a wild pitch to make it 6 - 1 . Davies ( 1 - 1 ) allowed five runs and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked one .
PITTSBURGH -- Colorado Rockies manager Walt Weiss was n't happy with his team 's recent success against the Pirates . Colorado manager Clint Hurdle was ejected in the seventh inning by home plate umpire Jerry Meals , and the Rockies beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Colorado took a 5 - 4 lead into the seventh , but the Rockies rallied for a 6 - 5 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Jhoulys Chacin ( 2 - 0 ) allowed five runs -- four earned -- and seven hits in six innings for the Rockies . Huston Street pitched the ninth for his fourth save . Michael Crotta ( 0 - 1 ) walked Jose Tabata to lead off the seventh and gave up an RBI single to Neil Walker . Jose Lopez followed with a three - run homer to give the Pirates a 4 - 0 lead . The Rockies took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Andrew McCutchen and a two - out , two - run double by Seth Smith . Chacin ( 2 - 0 ) allowed five runs and six hits in 6 2 - 3 innings , walking three and striking out three . The right - hander was 6 - 0 in his major league career , including a 4 - 0 win over Pittsburgh on opening day . The Pirates took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out , two - run double by Neil Walker and a two - run double by Lyle Overbay . The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the inning on a sacrifice fly by Ronny Cedeno .
MILWAUKEE -- Casey McGehee has been waiting for the Milwaukee Brewers this season . McGehee hit a pinch - hit , two - run homer in the eighth inning to lift the Brewers to a 6 - 5 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Casey McGehee hit a pinch - hit , two - run homer in the eighth off Kerry Wood ( 0 - 1 ) to give the Brewers a 6 - 5 lead . Kameron Loe ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for his first major league win . John Axford pitched the ninth for his third save in as many chances . Prince Fielder had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Ryan Braun hit a two - run shot for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Aramis Ramirez had three hits and drove in three runs for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Cubs starter Yovani Gallardo allowed four runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out two . Yovani Gallardo gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out two . Cubs starter Casey Coleman lasted five innings , giving up four runs and nine hits . He walked one and struck out two . The Cubs took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run double by Aramis Ramirez and a run - scoring single by Darwin Barney . Braun hit a two - run homer in the third to give the Cubs a 4 - 2 lead . The Cubs tied it in the second on a two - run homer by Fielder .
SEATTLE -- Josh Tomlin did n't have his best stuff , but the Cleveland Indians ' right - hander did n't need much help . Tomlin pitched three - hit ball into the seventh inning , Asdrubal Cabrera homered and drove in two runs and the Indians beat the Seattle Mariners 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Tomlin ( 2 - 0 ) allowed three runs and three hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 2.63 ERA in four starts at Safeco Field this season . The Indians have lost three of four . Bedard , who had been 0 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his previous five starts , allowed six runs -- six earned -- and 10 hits in four innings . He struck out six , walked one and hit a batter . Asdrubal Cabrera hit a solo homer in the first inning and Jack Hannahan added a solo shot in the seventh for the Mariners . Michael Saunders hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Bedard ( 0 - 2 ) allowed six runs -- six earned -- and 10 hits in four innings . He struck out six , walked one and hit a batter . It was the first time in Bedard 's career that he allowed more than three earned runs in a game . It was the third time in his career he 's given up more than three earned runs . The Indians scored four runs in the second inning to take a 4 - 0 lead . Michael Brantley 's RBI double and Shelley Duncan 's run - scoring double made it 2 - 0 . The Indians added three runs in the second . Shin-Soo Choo led off with a double and scored on a single by Orlando Cabrera . Cabrera followed with a two - out homer to left - center , his first of the season . The Indians added three more runs in the fourth . Justin Smoak 's sacrifice fly made it 6 - 1 .
BOSTON -- Russell Martin and the New York Yankees did n't need much offense . Martin hit a pair of three - run homers , Dustin Pedroia had three hits and drove in two runs and the Yankees beat the Boston Red Sox 9 - 4 on Tuesday night . Martin hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning and a solo shot in the seventh off Alfredo Aceves to make it 9 - 4 . Robinson Cano also homered for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Yankees starter Ivan Nova allowed four runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . David Robertson ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Clay Buchholz ( 0 - 2 ) allowed five runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings for the Red Sox , who have lost five of six . The Red Sox scored five runs in the fourth to take a 5 - 1 lead . Eric Chavez had a run - scoring double and Kevin Youkilis drove in a run with a groundout . Curtis Granderson hit a two - run homer in the fifth , and Jed Lowrie had three hits for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Boston took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Nick Swisher and a run - scoring double by Jacoby Ellsbury . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run double by Pedroia and a run - scoring double by Eric Chavez . Boston took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Pedroia and a run - scoring groundout by Jacoby Ellsbury . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Martin and a solo shot by Cano .
SAN DIEGO -- The Los Angeles Dodgers had a chance to take the lead in the ninth inning , but they did n't get a runner to third base until the 11th inning . Tony Gwynn Jr. drove in the go - ahead run with a single in the 11th inning , and the Dodgers beat the San Diego Padres 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Blake Hawksworth ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win . Jonathan Broxton pitched the 11th for his fourth save in as many chances . Juan Uribe led off the 11th with a single off Ernesto Frieri ( 0 - 1 ) , advanced on a sacrifice and scored on Jamey Carroll 's sacrifice . Tony Gwynn Jr. followed with an RBI single to give the Dodgers a 3 - 2 lead . Tony Gwynn Jr. hit a two - out single in the bottom of the 11th for San Diego 's first hit , a two - out single and a walk to load the bases with one out . But Broxton struck out Jason Bartlett to end the threat . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Hawksworth got Rod Barajas to ground into an inning - ending double play . Padres starter Ted Lilly gave up two runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Padres took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on an RBI single by Ryan Ludwick and a run - scoring single by Kemp . Los Angeles tied it in the sixth on Kemp 's RBI single . The Padres loaded the bases with one out in the seventh , but Mike Adams got Rod Barajas to ground into a double play .
MIAMI -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting for Adam LaRoche and the rest of the Nationals . Adam LaRoche hit a two - run homer in the 11th inning , and the Nationals beat the Florida Marlins 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Adam LaRoche hit a two - run homer in the 11th to give the Marlins a 3 - 2 lead . Adam LaRoche hit a two - run homer off Edward Mujica ( 1 - 1 ) in the 11th to give the Marlins a 3 - 2 lead . Todd Coffey ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 10th inning for the win . Sean Burnett pitched a scoreless 11th for his second save . Washington 's Josh Johnson gave up three runs -- one earned -- and four hits in six innings . He struck out six without a walk . Ryan Zimmerman singled with one out in the 11th against Edward Mujica ( 1 - 1 ) , and LaRoche followed with his first homer of the season . LaRoche followed with his first homer of the season , a two - run shot that put the Nationals ahead 5 - 3 . It was LaRoche 's first homer since July 26 , 2011 , against the New York Mets . LaRoche 's homer in the 11th inning gave the Nationals a 5 - 3 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Mujica , who gave up two earned runs in the ninth inning of a 5 - 4 loss to the Marlins on Tuesday . Washington 's John Lannan gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Marlins took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a run - scoring groundout by Ian Desmond and a run - scoring groundout by Hanley Ramirez . Werth 's solo homer in the fourth made it 2 - 1 , but the Nationals tied it in the fifth on a run - scoring groundout by Gaby Sanchez and a run - scoring groundout by Logan Morrison .
NEW YORK -- A. J. Burnett 's first win of the season was a big reason for the New York Yankees . A. J. Burnett pitched six solid innings , Jason Kubel and Jim Thome hit RBI doubles and the Yankees beat the Minnesota Twins 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Burnett ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings , striking out five and walking two . The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 4.09 ERA in three starts against the Twins this year . The Yankees have won five of their last six games , and the Yankees have won six of their past seven games . The Twins have lost six of seven . Liriano ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- four earned -- and four hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked three . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Jason Kubel 's RBI double and Nick Swisher 's sacrifice fly . The Yankees tied it in the fourth on Andruw Jones ' RBI double and Russell Martin 's run - scoring groundout . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Jason Kubel and a run - scoring double by Jim Thome . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Jason Kubel and a run - scoring double by Thome . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Jason Kubel and a run - scoring double by Jim Thome . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Thome .
PITTSBURGH -- Esmil Rogers took a no - hitter into the eighth inning , and the Colorado Rockies finally found a way to win . Esmil Rogers took a shutout into the eighth inning , Troy Tulowitzki homered and drove in three runs , and the Rockies beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Rogers ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits in 7 1/3 innings , striking out seven and walking one . The right - hander has a 1.23 ERA over his past five starts . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games . They have n't scored more than three runs in any of their last six games . The Rockies have lost four of five . Paul Maholm ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Pirates , who have lost five of six . The Rockies have lost four of five . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Rockies have lost four of five . The Rockies have lost four of five . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . Pittsburgh has lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost four of five . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . Pittsburgh has lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost six of seven . They have n't scored more than three runs in any of their last six games . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 1 - 4 on their nine - game road trip . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 1 - 4 on their nine - game road trip .
MIAMI -- The Florida Marlins are starting to look like a team in the NL East . Chris Coghlan had a career - high four hits , John Buck hit a three - run triple and the Marlins beat the Washington Nationals 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Chris Coghlan had a career - high four hits and scored three runs for the Marlins , who have won four of five . Florida 's Ian Desmond went 4 - for - 5 with a pair of doubles , and Hanley Ramirez hit a run - scoring double for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Brian Sanches ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Leo Nunez pitched a scoreless ninth for his first save . Chad Gaudin ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs , one earned , and three hits in two - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . Chad Slaten ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing two runs in the sixth . The Marlins scored three runs in the second to take a 4 - 0 lead . Coghlan led off with a single , stole second and scored on Desmond 's two - out double . Desmond 's two - out RBI double in the fourth made it 4 - 0 . Desmond 's two - out RBI double in the fourth made it 4 - 0 . Desmond 's two - out double in the fourth gave the Marlins a 4 - 0 lead . Desmond 's two - out RBI double in the fourth made it 4 - 0 . Desmond 's two - out RBI double in the fourth made it 4 - 0 .
MIAMI -- R. A. Dickey and the New York Mets ' Javier Vazquez kept the Marlins off balance . Dickey pitched six innings of five - hit ball , Willie Harris hit a two - run homer and the Mets beat the Florida Marlins 9 - 2 on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 1 - 0 ) allowed an unearned run and five hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Vazquez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed seven runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out one . Ike Davis hit a solo homer in the third inning for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Florida scored three runs in the third to take a 7 - 0 lead . Jose Reyes led off with a single and Harris followed with a drive into the right - field seats for his first home run of the season . The Mets added three runs in the third . Lucas Duda was hit by a pitch , stole second and scored on Daniel Murphy 's double . Omar Infante followed with a sacrifice fly to make it 7 - 1 . Harris hit a two - run homer in the first inning , his first of the season , to make it 4 - 0 . The Mets added three runs in the third . Jose Reyes led off with a single , and Davis followed with his sixth homer of the season to make it 4 - 0 . The Mets added three runs in the third , including Harris ' RBI single and Angel Pagan 's bases - loaded walk . The Mets added a run in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Scott Hairston .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Jeremy Guthrie 's first Opening Day start in more than a year helped the Baltimore Orioles end a three - game losing streak . Guthrie pitched eight innings of three - hit ball , Brian Roberts hit a two - run triple and the Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Guthrie ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three hits , walked one and struck out six . The right - hander was 0 - 3 in his first five starts with the Orioles , including a no - hitter against Tampa Bay last year . The Orioles have won five of their last six regular - season games against the Rays , including a three - game sweep of the New York Yankees in the AL Division Series last year . The Orioles have won five of their last six regular - season games against the Rays , including a three - game series at Camden Yards last week . Tampa Bay 's David Price ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Rays have lost five of their last six games . The Rays have lost five of six . The Rays have lost three of four to fall a season - high seven games under .500 . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven . The Rays have lost three of four to fall a season - high seven games under .500 . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of their last seven games . Tampa Bay 's Ben Zobrist hit a solo homer in the ninth off Jim Johnson , his first of the season .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers ' offense has been a problem for the defending World Series champions . Brandon Belt hit a three - run homer , Chad Billingsley pitched six solid innings and the Dodgers beat the San Francisco Giants 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Matt Kemp had two hits and drove in a run for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Billingsley ( 1 - 0 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings , struck out four and walked one . Jonathan Broxton pitched a perfect ninth for his second save . The Dodgers took a 3 - 1 lead in the sixth on Matt Furcal 's RBI double and a sacrifice fly by James Loney . The Giants tied it in the bottom half on Rafael Furcal 's two - out RBI single off Jonathan Sanchez ( 0 - 1 ) . Jonathan Sanchez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander struck out eight and walked three . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Matt Kemp and a run - scoring double by Buster Posey . The Dodgers tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by James Loney . The Dodgers tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by James Loney . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Rafael Furcal 's two - out RBI single . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Matt Kemp and a sacrifice fly by Belt .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Nelson Cruz and the Texas Rangers finally got a big hit . Nelson Cruz homered and drove in two runs , Matt Harrison pitched five - hit ball over six innings and the Rangers beat the Kansas City Royals 10 - 1 on Tuesday night . Nelson Cruz homered and drove in two runs , and Mitch Moreland and Endy Chavez also went deep for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Harrison ( 5 - 4 ) allowed five hits , walked one and struck out one . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.99 ERA in his last six starts . The right - hander had been 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous five starts . The Rangers have won five of their last six games , and the Rangers have won six of their past seven games . The Royals have lost seven of their past nine games . They have won six of their past seven games . The Royals have lost six of seven . O'Sullivan ( 2 - 4 ) gave up a career - high 10 runs and 15 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out one , walked two and hit a batter . Beltre 's two - out , two - run double in the first gave the Rangers a 2 - 0 lead . Chavez led off the second with his first home run of the season , a solo shot that made it 6 - 0 . Beltre led off the second inning with his 21st homer , a solo shot , to make it 6 - 0 . Napoli led off the second with his first homer of the season , a shot to left - center that landed in the second deck of seats in right field . Moreland led off the second inning with a homer to left , his third of the season . The Rangers added a run in the fifth on a sacrifice fly by Matt Treanor .
MILWAUKEE -- The San Francisco Giants are on a roll , too . Brandon Crawford hit a grand slam and drove in four runs , Tim Lincecum pitched seven strong innings and the San Francisco Giants beat the Milwaukee Brewers 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third inning off Shaun Marcum ( 6 - 2 ) , who gave up five runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Lincecum ( 5 - 4 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Giants have lost five of six and are 2 - 7 since the All-Star break . Brian Wilson pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 16 chances . Shaun Marcum ( 6 - 2 ) gave up five runs and six hits in six innings for the Brewers . He struck out five and walked two . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Crawford hit a three - run homer off Ramon Ramirez in the seventh to give the Giants a 5 - 3 lead . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Milwaukee took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a run - scoring groundout by Freddy Sanchez and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Rickie Weeks . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third to give Milwaukee a 2 - 0 lead . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third for the Giants , who have lost four of five .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Cincinnati Reds have n't had a winning record since the All-Star break . Jay Bruce hit a tiebreaking three - run double with two outs in the ninth inning , and the Reds beat the Philadelphia Phillies 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Jay Bruce hit a two - out , three - run double off Ryan Madson ( 2 - 1 ) to give the Reds a 6 - 3 lead in the ninth . Logan Ondrusek ( 3 - 2 ) got the last out of the eighth for the win . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth for his ninth save in 10 tries . The Reds took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Brandon Phillips ' two - run single and Carlos Ruiz 's run - scoring double . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Raul Ibanez 's RBI double and Scott Rolen 's run - scoring single . The Phillies tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Domonic Brown . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the second . Joey Votto led off with a double and scored on Ibanez 's double to right . Phillips followed with a two - run single to right to tie it at 2 . Cueto allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out one . Worley gave up three runs and six hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Phillips ' two - run single . The Phillies tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Domonic Brown .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins have n't been able to find a way to get back to the postseason . Nick Blackburn pitched a complete game , Jason Kubel and Denard Span each had two hits and the Twins beat the Seattle Mariners 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Blackburn ( 4 - 4 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first complete game of his career . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 3.20 ERA in his last five starts . The Twins have won six of their last seven games , and the Twins have lost six of seven . Doug Fister ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Mariners . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Mariners have lost six of their last seven games . Olivo hit a two - run homer in the fourth to tie the game at 2 . It was Olivo 's 21st of the season and second in the last four games . He has hit safely in 13 of his last 13 games . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Jason Kubel and a run - scoring single by Denard Span . The Mariners added a run in the third when Justin Smoak led off with a double and scored on Matt Tolbert 's groundout . Olivo 's two - run homer in the fourth tied the score at 2 - 2 . It was the first homer for Olivo , who hit a two - run shot in the ninth inning of Tuesday 's 3 - 2 win over the Mariners .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Jake Westbrook has been a big part of the St. Louis Cardinals ' rotation . Westbrook pitched eight scoreless innings , Matt Holliday hit a two - run homer and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Kansas City Royals 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Westbrook ( 4 - 3 ) allowed four hits , walked three and struck out three in his longest outing of the season . Fernando Salas pitched the ninth for his sixth save . Tim Collins ( 2 - 2 ) walked Albert Pujols leading off the eighth and Daniel Descalso reached on a fielder 's choice . Holliday followed with a drive into the right - field seats for his third homer of the season . Holliday 's homer was the first of his career , and the first of his career . It was the first time the Cardinals hit back - to - back home runs this season . Holliday 's homer in the eighth gave the Cardinals a 2 - 0 lead . It was the first time the Cardinals hit back - to - back home runs this season , and the first time they 've hit back - to - back home runs this season . Holliday 's homer was the only extra - base hit for the Cardinals , who have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six and have been shut out three times this season . The Royals have lost five of six and have been shut out three times this season . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven .
NEW YORK -- R. A. Dickey and the New York Mets are on a roll . Dickey pitched six innings of four - hit ball , Daniel Murphy homered and the Mets beat the New York Yankees 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 2 - 5 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings , striking out six and walking three . The right - hander was 0 - 4 in his last six starts against the Yankees , including a 4 - 0 win at Yankee Stadium on April 17 . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . Freddy Garcia ( 2 - 4 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings for the Yankees . He walked two and struck out two . Murphy homered off Freddy Robertson in the sixth to give New York a 2 - 1 lead . It was Murphy 's fourth homer in his last six games . The Mets tied it in the fourth on a two - out RBI double by Justin Turner , who had three hits . Justin Turner had three hits for New York , including a two - out RBI double in the fourth that tied it at 1 . Teixeira hit a solo homer in the third inning and Murphy added a solo shot in the sixth to give the Mets a 2 - 1 lead . It was Murphy 's seventh homer in his last 10 games . The Mets tied it in the fourth on a two - out RBI double by Justin Turner , who had three hits . Turner had three hits , including a two - out double in the fourth that tied it at 1 .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox could n't do much against Justin Verlander and the Detroit Tigers . Verlander struck out nine in eight innings and David Ortiz homered , leading the Red Sox to a 4 - 3 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Miguel Cabrera and Brennan Boesch hit back - to - back home runs in the eighth inning to give the Tigers a 3 - 1 lead . Verlander allowed three runs and six hits in eight innings , striking out nine without a walk . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter . Jonathan Papelbon ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Al Alburquerque ( 0 - 1 ) walked J. D. Drew to lead off the bottom of the ninth and pinch - hitter Darnell McDonald was pinch - ran for the plate . Darnell McDonald pinch - ran for McDonald and stole second . Darnell McDonald pinch - ran for McDonald and scored on Carl Crawford 's single to center . The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Andy Dirks and a run - scoring single by Ortiz . Boston tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Victor Martinez . The Tigers tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Austin Jackson . Boston took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Andy Dirks and a run - scoring double by Jason Varitek . The Tigers tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Alex Avila . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom half on a two - out homer by Ortiz . Boston tied it in the bottom of the inning when Cabrera led off with a double and scored on a single by Ortiz . J. D. Drew tied it with a solo homer in the bottom half .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox could n't do much against the Detroit Tigers . Jarrod Saltalamacchia drove in the go - ahead run with a double in the eighth inning , and the Red Sox beat the Detroit Tigers 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Daniel Bard ( 1 - 3 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his eighth save . Daniel Schlereth ( 0 - 1 ) walked Brandon Inge to lead off the eighth , and Carl Crawford was intentionally walked to load the bases . Jarrod Saltalamacchia followed with an RBI double off the Green Monster to give the Red Sox a 1 - 0 lead . Daniel Bard ( 1 - 3 ) pitched a perfect eighth and Jonathan Papelbon finished for his eighth save . Boston starter Phil Coke allowed only three hits in seven scoreless innings , striking out four and walking one . Detroit 's Clay Buchholz allowed four hits , struck out seven and walked one in seven innings , striking out seven and walking one . The Tigers took a 2 - 1 lead in the eighth when Carl Crawford drew a one - out walk and scored on a double by Jarrod Guillen . Detroit had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Al Alburquerque got Adrian Gonzalez to ground into a game - ending double play . The Tigers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Al Alburquerque came on to strike out pinch - hitter Andy Dirks and Brennan Boesch to end the threat . The Tigers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Ryan Raburn struck out to end the threat .
ATLANTA -- Brian McCann 's first game - ending homer with the bases loaded in the bottom of the 11th inning gave the Atlanta Braves a 3 - 1 win over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . McCann 's second homer of the game gave the Braves a 1 - 0 lead in the 11th . It was the first game - ending homer of the season for McCann , who hit a two - run homer in the 10th inning of the Braves ' 3 - 2 win over the Astros on Tuesday night . McCann 's second homer of the game gave the Braves a 1 - 0 lead in the bottom of the inning . Eric Hinske drew a one - out walk from Jeff Fulchino ( 0 - 1 ) , and McCann followed with his second homer of the game . Cory Gearrin ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . The Astros have won six of their last seven games . Houston starter Derek Lowe gave up five hits and one run in seven innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Houston starter Wandy Rodriguez pitched eight scoreless innings , allowing five hits , two walks and striking out six . The right - hander , who began the season on the disabled list with a strained right elbow , had been 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous five starts . The Braves had a chance to score in the seventh when Clint Barmes led off with a single and went to third on Lowe 's wild pitch . But Rodriguez struck out Angel Sanchez to end the inning . The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Joe Mather grounded into a fielder 's choice to end the threat .
CHICAGO -- Colby Lewis did n't need much run support for the Texas Rangers . Lewis pitched a five - hitter for his first career shutout , and the Texas Rangers beat the Chicago White Sox 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Lewis ( 4 - 4 ) struck out seven and walked one in his second complete game of the season . He struck out seven and walked one in his second complete game of the season . Ian Kinsler hit a two - run single off Edwin Jackson ( 3 - 5 ) in the sixth , and Endy Chavez had three hits and scored twice . Michael Young had two hits and drove in a run for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Adrian Beltre had two hits and drove in a run for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Lewis had three hits , including a two - run single in the sixth that gave the Rangers a 4 - 0 lead . Adrian Beltre had two hits and drove in a run for the White Sox , who have lost five of six . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . They 've lost five of six . The White Sox have lost six of seven .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Toronto Blue Jays have n't been able to find a way to win this season . Jose Bautista homered three times and drove in four runs , Aaron Hill had two hits and two RBIs and the Blue Jays beat the Minnesota Twins 11 - 3 on Tuesday night . Bautista hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning and a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Blue Jays an 11 - 3 lead . Brandon Morrow ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs and five hits in five innings for the Blue Jays , who have won four of five . The Blue Jays jumped on Brian Duensing ( 2 - 3 ) , who gave up seven runs and eight hits in three innings . Bautista hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning and a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Blue Jays an 11 - 3 lead . It was the first three - homer game of the season for Bautista , who hit a two - run homer in the first inning of the Twins ' 3 - 2 win over the New York Yankees on Tuesday . Bautista hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning and a two - run shot in the sixth to make it 11 - 3 . Brandon Morrow ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs and five hits in five innings for the Blue Jays , who have won four of five . The Blue Jays have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their current 10 - game road trip . Kevin Slowey allowed four runs on five hits and struck out three in six innings for the Twins , who have lost five of six . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games .
HOUSTON -- R. A. Dickey and the Houston Astros did n't have to worry about R. A. Dickey 's knuckleball . Daniel Murphy and Bill Hall each hit a solo homer , and the Astros beat the New York Mets 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 1 - 5 ) allowed a season - high six runs and 11 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Mets have lost six of their last seven games and are 0 - 6 in their last 10 games . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets scored four runs in the first inning to take a 4 - 0 lead . Chris Johnson had an RBI single and Brett Wallace followed with a run - scoring double to make it 2 - 0 . Brett Wallace followed with an RBI double to make it 2 - 0 . Clint Barmes followed with a run - scoring groundout and Justin Turner 's run - scoring single pushed the lead to 4 - 0 . Murphy 's solo homer in the fourth cut the lead to 4 - 2 . Hall led off the fourth with a solo homer to cut the lead to 4 - 2 . Lee homered off Ryota Igarashi in the sixth to make it 6 - 2 . It was the first home run allowed by the Astros this season . It was the first time this season the Astros hit back - to - back home runs . Downs hit a pinch - hit homer in the sixth to cut the lead to 4 - 2 . It was the first pinch - hit homer of his career and the first pinch - hit homer of his career . It was the first pinch - hit home run of his career . Lee added a solo shot in the seventh , his first of the season . The Mets added a run in the ninth on an RBI single by Jose Reyes .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Jeremy Hellickson pitched a four - hitter for his second career shutout , and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Hellickson ( 4 - 2 ) struck out three and walked one in his second career shutout and second complete game of the season . The right - hander is the first Tampa Bay pitcher to throw a complete game this season . Matt Joyce hit a two - run homer in the second inning off Jeremy Guthrie ( 1 - 6 ) , who gave up three runs and seven hits in eight innings . The right - hander struck out five and walked two . Johnny Damon hit a solo homer in the eighth for Tampa Bay , which has won four of five . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost four of five . Guthrie allowed three runs and seven hits in eight innings . The right - hander struck out five and walked two . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a < unk > ERA in his last four starts . The Rays have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven .
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting for a long time to celebrate . J. J. Hardy hit a two - run single with one out in the 12th inning , and the Orioles beat the Seattle Mariners 2 - 1 on Tuesday night to end a four - game losing streak . Baltimore took a 2 - 0 lead in the top of the 12th inning on a two - run homer by Miguel Olivo , and a two - run single by J. J. Hardy off Brandon League ( 0 - 3 ) . Ichiro Suzuki led off the bottom half with a single off Brandon League ( 0 - 3 ) , advanced on a sacrifice and scored on J. J. Hardy 's single to center . Jim Johnson ( 2 - 1 ) got the win with two innings of relief . Jamey Wright pitched two scoreless innings and Kevin Gregg worked the 12th for the Orioles , who have won five of six . The Orioles have lost five of six and are 1 - 11 in extra innings this season . Seattle starter Jason Vargas allowed seven hits in nine innings , striking out four and walking one . The right - hander was 0 - 3 in his previous five starts . The Orioles have lost five of six . Seattle starter Zach Britton gave up three hits and struck out five over nine innings . The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a < unk > ERA in his previous four starts . The Orioles have lost five of six . Seattle starter Jason Vargas pitched nine innings , allowing seven hits and striking out four . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 5.40 ERA in his previous five starts . In his previous start , Vargas gave up seven runs in 4 1/3 innings of a 10 - 1 loss to the New York Yankees . In the first inning , the Orioles loaded the bases with no outs on a single by Miguel Olivo , a double by Adam Jones and a walk to Justin Smoak . But Britton struck out Matt Wieters and got Mike Fox to ground into a double play .
PITTSBURGH -- The Los Angeles Dodgers ' offense has been a problem for the Dodgers . Matt Kemp hit a three - run homer , Ted Lilly pitched six effective innings and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 10 - 3 on Tuesday night . Andre Ethier had two hits and drove in a run for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Dodgers starter Kevin Correia ( 5 - 3 ) was charged with five runs and 10 hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the second time in four starts . The Pirates have lost five of six . Lilly ( 3 - 3 ) gave up two runs and four hits , striking out four and walking one . The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in six of his last seven starts . The Dodgers scored four runs in the sixth to chase Kevin Correia ( 5 - 3 ) , who gave up five runs , four earned , and 10 hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the second time in his last four starts . Matt Kemp hit a three - run homer in the sixth for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . McCutchen hit a solo homer in the sixth and a solo shot in the eighth . McCutchen hit his second homer of the game , a solo shot in the eighth . The Dodgers added a run in the eighth on a bases - loaded walk to Jerry Sands , a two - run single by Aaron Miles and a run - scoring single by Juan Uribe .
TORONTO -- Justin Verlander pitched a no - hitter , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Toronto Blue Jays 9 - 0 on Tuesday night . Alex Avila hit a two - run homer , Austin Jackson had three hits and Scott Sizemore drew a bases - loaded walk off Ricky Romero to lift the Tigers to a 9 - 0 win over the Toronto Blue Jays . Verlander ( 3 - 3 ) struck out four and walked one , lowering his ERA to 3.16 . He walked one and struck out four . Jhonny Peralta hit a solo homer and drove in two runs for the Tigers , who have won three of four . Toronto has won four straight and eight of 10 . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Romero ( 2 - 4 ) gave up six runs and five hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Toronto 's Carlos Villanueva gave up one run and four hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Toronto 's Victor Martinez hit an RBI single off Casey Janssen in the ninth , and Peralta added a run - scoring single off Casey Janssen in the ninth . Victor Martinez drove in a run with a bases - loaded single off Casey Janssen in the ninth , and Peralta added an RBI single off Casey Janssen in the ninth . Blue Jays right - hander Jose Bautista was ejected in the ninth inning for arguing a called third strike . He was replaced by pinch - runner Mike Cooper , who was replaced by pinch - runner Mike Cooper .. .. Blue Jays RHP Jose Molina ( right hamstring ) is expected to miss at least a couple of games .. .. Blue Jays LHP Dustin McGowan ( 4 - 6 ) faces Toronto 's Jhoulys Chacin ( 0 - 1 ) in the opener of a three - game set .
CHICAGO -- Kosuke Fukudome has been the Chicago Cubs ' most productive hitter since the All-Star break . Fukudome singled in the winning run with two outs in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the Cubs to a 3 - 2 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Kosuke Fukudome had three hits and drove in a run for the Cubs , who have won four of five . Blake Stubbs hit a tiebreaking single with two outs in the ninth off Francisco Cordero ( 2 - 1 ) , who gave up four hits and two earned runs in two - thirds of an inning . Carlos Pena tied it with a solo homer in the ninth off Cubs starter Bronson Arroyo , who allowed one run and seven hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Marcos Mateo ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Blake DeWitt hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Cincinnati took a 2 - 1 lead in the seventh when Fred Lewis hit a run - scoring fielder 's choice and Drew Stubbs followed with a run - scoring single . Fukudome had three hits , including an RBI single in the seventh that gave the Cubs a 2 - 1 lead . DeWitt hit his first homer of the season in the fourth to give the Cubs a 1 - 0 lead . The Cubs tied it in the seventh when Chris Heisey led off with a walk and scored on Drew Stubbs ' single to right . The Reds tied it in the seventh on a two - out single by Ryan Hanigan and a sacrifice fly by Jonny Gomes .
BALTIMORE -- The Tampa Bay Rays are back in the AL wild - card race . James Shields pitched three - hit ball into the eighth inning , Brandon Guyer hit a two - run homer and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Shields ( 3 - 1 ) allowed one run , three hits and three walks in 7 1/3 innings to win his third straight start . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.01 ERA in four starts against the Orioles this season . Johnny Damon hit a two - run homer in the ninth , and Derrek Lee hit a solo shot in the sixth for Tampa Bay . Zach Britton ( 5 - 2 ) gave up three runs , four hits and a walk in 5 1/3 innings for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . The Orioles have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 against Tampa Bay this season . Tampa Bay went up 1 - 0 in the second inning when Evan Longoria led off with a double and scored on a double by Upton . Tampa Bay took a 3 - 0 lead in the second . B. J. Upton doubled in a run and Brandon Guyer hit a two - run homer , his first of the season . Tampa Bay went up 3 - 0 in the second . Vladimir Guerrero led off with a single , stole second and scored on a double by Casey Kotchman . Guyer hit a two - run homer in the sixth to make it 3 - 1 . Lee hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Koji Uehara .
DETROIT -- The Detroit Tigers have n't been able to find a way to get back to the playoffs . Rick Porcello pitched seven strong innings , Brennan Boesch and Eduardo Nunez each drove in a run and the Detroit Tigers beat the New York Yankees 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Porcello ( 2 - 2 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Yankees have won four straight and seven of nine . Burnett allowed five runs -- two earned -- and three hits in seven innings . He struck out five , walked one and hit a batter . Detroit 's A. J. Burnett ( 4 - 2 ) gave up five runs -- two earned -- and three hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Brennan Boesch hit a solo homer in the eighth and Brett Gardner added an RBI single in the ninth . Jose Valverde gave up a run in the ninth , but Jose Valverde gave up a run - scoring sacrifice fly to Brandon Inge in the bottom half . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Eduardo Nunez 's two - out RBI single , but the Tigers tied it in the fourth on Eric Chavez 's RBI triple and Eduardo Nunez 's run - scoring single . The Yankees tied it in the fourth on an RBI triple by Boesch and a run - scoring single by Eric Chavez . Detroit tied it in the bottom of the inning on Nunez 's two - out RBI single . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Boesch 's sacrifice fly .
ATLANTA -- Tim Hudson has been a big part of the Atlanta Braves ' rotation . Hudson pitched a one - hitter for his first career shutout , and the Braves beat the Milwaukee Brewers 8 - 0 on Tuesday night . Hudson ( 4 - 2 ) struck out six and walked one , throwing 74 of his 102 pitches for strikes . He struck out six and walked one in his second career shutout and second complete game of the season . Nate McLouth hit a two - run homer and Eric Hinske drove in two runs for the Braves . Dan Uggla had three hits and drove in a run for the Braves , who have won five of six . Greinke ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs , four earned , and five hits in four innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Brewers have lost three straight and six of their last seven . The Brewers have lost three straight and five of six . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost four of five . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost four of five . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost four of five . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost four of five . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost four of five . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost four of five . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost four of five . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost five of six . The Brewers have lost four of five . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost four of five . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost five of six . The Brewers have lost four of five . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost five of six . The Brewers have lost six of seven .
PHILADELPHIA -- The New York Mets are on a roll . Ronny Paulino had a career - high five hits , including a tiebreaking double in the 14th inning , and the New York Mets beat the Philadelphia Phillies 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . David Wright opened the 14th with a single off Kyle Kendrick ( 1 - 2 ) . Paulino followed with a double down the left - field line to score Wright . Paulino followed with a double to right - center to give the Mets a 2 - 1 lead . Paulino followed with a two - out double to left - center to give the Mets a 1 - 0 lead . Taylor Buchholz ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two perfect innings for the win . Mets starter Cliff Lee gave up one run and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game road trip . Kendrick ( 1 - 2 ) gave up one run and four hits in two - plus innings . He walked two and struck out one . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . The Phillies have lost five of six . The Phillies have lost five of six . The Phillies have lost five of six . The Phillies have lost five of six . The Phillies have lost four straight and seven of nine . The Phillies have lost five of six . The Phillies have lost four of five .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels have been waiting for someone to get back to the majors . Vernon Wells homered and had four hits , including a go - ahead two - run shot in the sixth inning that lifted the Angels to an 11 - 5 victory over the Washington Nationals on Friday night . The Angels , who began the day with the second - worst record in the majors , have lost four of five . Washington 's Collin Balester ( 1 - 1 ) was charged with two runs -- two earned -- and two hits in one - third of an inning . The right - hander walked one and struck out one . Laynce Nix went 4 - for - 4 with a homer and drove in a run for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Erick Aybar hit a solo homer and drove in two runs for the Nationals , who have lost three of four . Washington starter Joel Pineiro gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He was charged with four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander struck out two and walked one . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Ryan Zimmerman 's RBI single , but the Nationals tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Matt Stairs . Washington tied it in the bottom half on Trumbo 's two - out , bases - loaded fielder 's choice grounder . The Angels tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Wilson Ramos . The Angels tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Wells . The Angels tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Wells . The Angels tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Wells . The Angels tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Wells , who was 4 - for - 5 with two RBIs .
TORONTO -- Pittsburgh Pirates manager Clint Hurdle was n't surprised to see Kevin Correia get a win . Jose Bautista hit a two - run homer , Kevin Correia pitched six innings and the Pirates beat the Toronto Blue Jays 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Correia ( 10 - 6 ) allowed four runs and five hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out three . Joel Hanrahan pitched the ninth for his 23rd save . Alex Presley hit a two - run homer and Andrew McCutchen added a solo shot for the Pirates , who have won four of five . Pittsburgh has won six of seven . The Blue Jays have won 10 of their past 12 games against the Blue Jays , who have won six of their past seven games . Pittsburgh has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Reyes hit a two - run homer off Jo-Jo Reyes ( 3 - 7 ) in the third , and Encarnacion added a solo shot off Luis Perez in the seventh . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Encarnacion , who hit a three - run shot in Tuesday 's 3 - 2 win over the Chicago White Sox . Bautista hit a two - run homer off Luis Perez in the fourth , his 12th , and Corey Patterson hit a solo shot off Tony Watson in the seventh . The Blue Jays took a 6 - 1 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Neil Walker and a run - scoring single by Garrett Jones . Presley 's RBI single made it 6 - 1 in the fourth , and Bautista hit a two - run homer off Luis Perez in the fourth . It was the first time this season the Pirates have hit back - to - back home runs . Encarnacion hit a solo shot off Luis Perez in the seventh , his 31st , and Chase d'Arnaud made it 7 - 6 with a two - out error in the sixth . The Blue Jays took a 6 - 1 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Encarnacion and a run - scoring single by Garrett Jones . The Blue Jays made it 6 - 1 in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Encarnacion and a run - scoring single by Garrett Jones . The Blue Jays made it 6 - 1 in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Encarnacion and a run - scoring single by Garrett Jones . The Blue Jays made it 6 - 4 in the bottom half on a run - scoring double by Eric Thames and a run - scoring single by Garrett Jones . The Blue Jays cut it to 6 - 4 in the sixth on a two - run homer by Encarnacion and a run - scoring single by Eric Thames .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Mike Leake pitched six innings of four - hit ball , Brandon Phillips had four hits and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Tampa Bay Rays 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Leake ( 7 - 4 ) allowed four hits , walked two and struck out three . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 9.00 ERA in his previous six starts . The right - hander has won his last three starts , allowing only one run in 19 innings . Jonny Gomes homered and Jay Bruce had an RBI single for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Tampa Bay starter Jeremy Hellickson ( 7 - 7 ) gave up four runs , three earned , and eight hits in six innings . The right - hander struck out nine and walked one . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a run - scoring double by Phillips and a run - scoring single by Jay Bruce . The Reds made it 4 - 0 in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Phillips and a run - scoring single by Fred Lewis . The Rays added a run in the seventh on a throwing error by third baseman Ben Zobrist . The Rays had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Sam Fuld popped out to end the threat . Tampa Bay left fielder Johnny Damon went 0 - for - 4 , ending his career - best hitting streak at 16 games . The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay has lost four of five . Tampa Bay has lost four of five . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven .
ST. LOUIS -- Ricky Romero did n't have his best stuff . Romero pitched a four - hitter for his first career shutout , J. P. Arencibia homered and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the St. Louis Cardinals 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Romero ( 7 - 7 ) struck out five and walked two in his second career shutout and first this season . He struck out five and walked two in his second career shutout and second this season . The right - hander is 7 - 0 in his career against the Cardinals , including a 4 - 0 win over the Blue Jays on July 28 . The Cardinals were shut out for the third time this season . Kyle McClellan ( 6 - 4 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings for St. Louis . He struck out four and walked three . Arencibia put the Blue Jays ahead 1 - 0 in the second with his seventh homer of the season , a drive into the right - field stands . It was the first homer allowed by McClellan in a game this season . Arencibia put the Blue Jays up 1 - 0 in the second with a drive into the second deck in right field . It was his third homer of the season and second in two days . The Blue Jays added three runs in the sixth . Corey Patterson 's RBI single and Yunel Escobar 's run - scoring single made it 5 - 0 . Yunel Escobar had an RBI single in the sixth , and Romero ( 7 - 7 ) gave up four hits and struck out five in his second career shutout and second this season . The right - hander is 7 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last nine starts . The right - hander is 7 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last nine starts . The Cardinals have lost five of their last six games .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals have been waiting for a long time in the past week . Chris Getz singled in the go - ahead run in the eighth inning , and the Royals beat the Chicago Cubs 3 - 2 on Tuesday night to snap a three - game losing streak . Chris Getz singled in the go - ahead run in the eighth , and Joakim Soria struck out the side in the ninth for his 12th save in 14 opportunities . The Royals have won five of six and have the best record in the majors at 21 - 11 . The Cubs have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Cubs have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Cubs have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Cubs have lost seven of their past nine games . The Cubs have lost seven of their past nine games and are 2 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . The Cubs have lost seven of their past nine games . The Cubs have lost seven of their past nine games . The Cubs have lost seven of their past nine games and are 2 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . The Cubs , who have the worst record in the majors , have lost seven of their past nine games . The Cubs have lost seven of their past nine games . The Cubs have lost seven of their past nine games and are 2 - 4 on their nine - game homestand . The Cubs , who have the worst record in the majors , have lost seven of their past nine games . The Cubs have lost seven of their past nine games . The Cubs have lost seven of their past nine games and are 2 - 4 on their nine - game homestand .
HOUSTON -- James Shields pitched a three - hitter for his first career complete game , and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Houston Astros 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Shields ( 8 - 4 ) struck out nine and walked one in his second complete game of the season . He struck out nine and walked one in his second complete game of the season . Tampa Bay has won five of its last six games . Evan Longoria hit a two - run homer and B. J. Upton added a solo shot for the Rays . Wandy Rodriguez ( 5 - 4 ) gave up five runs and six hits in six innings for the Astros . He struck out five and walked two . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost six of their last seven games . Houston starter David Price ( 0 - 1 ) yielded a season - high eight hits and four runs in a season - low 3 2/3 innings . He struck out five , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . Tampa Bay 's Sean Rodriguez had three hits and scored twice for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Houston starter David Price ( 0 - 1 ) yielded a season - high eight hits and four runs in a season - low 3 2/3 innings . He had been 0 - 3 in his previous five starts . The Astros had a chance to score in the first when Ben Zobrist hit a one - out single , stole second and went to third on catcher Kelly Shoppach 's throwing error . But Shields retired the next three batters to end the inning .
PHILADELPHIA -- Ben Francisco 's first major league game - ending hit with the bases loaded in the bottom of the ninth inning gave the Philadelphia Phillies a 1 - 0 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Friday night . The Phillies have won four straight and five of six . Ben Francisco 's single with two outs in the ninth off Brian Fuentes ( 1 - 8 ) gave the Phillies a 1 - 0 lead . Shane Victorino drew a one - out walk from Brian Fuentes ( 1 - 8 ) , advanced on a sacrifice and scored on pinch - hitter Ben Francisco 's single to right . Michael Stutes ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Brian Fuentes ( 1 - 8 ) took the loss , allowing two hits and one run in two - thirds of an inning . Fuentes ( 1 - 8 ) gave up two hits and a walk in two - thirds of an inning for the A 's , who have lost five of six . Oakland starter Vance Worley allowed one hit and struck out four in six innings . He walked four and struck out four . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Placido Polanco hit a one - out single . Placido Polanco walked to load the bases . Ryan Howard grounded into a double play to end the inning . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Hideki Matsui led off with a single , stole second and went to third on catcher Brian Schneider 's throwing error . Hideki Matsui walked to load the bases before Ryan Howard grounded into a double play to end the inning .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Hideki Ziegler ( 2 - 0 ) got the final out in the eighth inning to help the Oakland Athletics snap a four - game losing streak with a 4 - 2 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night . Brad Ziegler ( 2 - 0 ) got the final out in the fifth for the win . Andrew Bailey pitched the ninth for his fourth save in five chances . Hideki Matsui hit a go - ahead , two - run single in the fifth , and Daric Barton and Cliff Pennington each drove in a run for the A 's . Jonathan Sanchez ( 4 - 5 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings for San Francisco . He walked three and struck out three . Hideki Matsui hit a two - run single in the fifth to give the Giants a 2 - 0 lead . Matsui 's two - out , two - run single in the fifth gave the A 's a 4 - 2 lead . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on Aubrey Huff 's sacrifice fly . Moscoso gave up two unearned runs and three hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out one . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on Emmanuel Burriss ' run - scoring single and a sacrifice fly by Aubrey Huff . A 's starter Jonathan Sanchez ( 4 - 5 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Chris Crisp scored on a throwing error by third baseman Brandon Crawford .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Ryan Ludwick 's first home run of the season was a good one for the Minnesota Twins . Ludwick hit a three - run homer in a five - run seventh inning , Brian Duensing pitched six solid innings and the Twins beat the San Diego Padres 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Headley had four hits and drove in two runs , and Danny Valencia hit a three - run homer for the Twins , who have won four of five . Duensing ( 4 - 6 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Matt Capps pitched the ninth for his 10th save . Clayton Richard ( 2 - 9 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and 10 hits in five innings for the Padres , who have lost five of six . The Padres have lost six of seven . Ludwick hit a three - run homer in the seventh inning off Alex Burnett , and Chase Headley had a career - high four hits for the Padres , who have lost five of six . The Padres have lost six of seven . They 've lost five of their last six games . The Padres have lost seven of their last 10 games . The Padres have lost five of their last six games . The Padres have lost five of their last six games . The Padres have lost five of their last six games . The Padres have lost five of their last six games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Padres have lost seven of their last 10 games . They 've lost six of their last seven .
ATLANTA -- Colby Lewis has been a tough - luck loser for the Texas Rangers . The right - hander struck out 10 in 6 2/3 innings , Nelson Cruz drove in three runs and the Texas Rangers beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Lewis ( 6 - 7 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out 10 , walked three and hit a batter . Josh Hamilton went 4 - for - 5 with a homer and three RBIs for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Brian McCann homered for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Randall Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs , three earned , and seven hits in four innings for the Braves . The right - hander , who began the season on the disabled list with a strained muscle in his right side , has a 6.75 ERA in his first five starts . The Braves have lost four straight and seven of nine . The Braves have lost four straight and seven of nine . Atlanta 's Freddie Freeman hit a solo homer in the sixth , but the Braves ' bullpen could n't hold the lead . Hamilton had four hits , including a two - run homer in the fifth that gave the Rangers a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first homer for Hamilton , who had four hits and three RBIs . Hamilton had four hits , including a two - run homer in the fifth that gave the Rangers a 3 - 1 lead . Cruz 's two - run double in the fifth gave the Rangers a 5 - 1 lead . Cruz 's two - run double in the fifth gave the Rangers a 5 - 1 lead . McCann led off the bottom of the fourth with his 14th homer to tie it at 1 . The Braves added a run in the ninth on Hamilton 's RBI grounder .
SEATTLE -- Michael Pineda has been a big part of the Seattle Mariners ' recent success . Pineda pitched six innings of two - hit ball , Brendan Ryan had a pair of RBI singles and the Mariners beat the Philadelphia Phillies 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Pineda ( 7 - 4 ) allowed one run and two hits in six innings , striking out five and walking three . The right - hander is 7 - 0 in his last eight starts against the Phillies , who have won six of seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven . Oswalt has been the subject of trade rumors with the Mariners ' rotation . The Mariners have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their current 10 - game road trip . Oswalt ( 4 - 5 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . Miguel Olivo homered for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Philadelphia has lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Suzuki had three hits and scored three times for the Mariners , who have won four of five . Victorino hit a solo homer off Aaron Laffey in the eighth . Brandon League pitched the ninth for his 20th save in 23 chances . League allowed a leadoff homer to Shane Victorino in the eighth , but got his 20th save in 23 chances . Suzuki had three hits and scored three times for the Mariners , who have won four of five . Seattle took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Chase Utley 's two - out RBI single scored Suzuki , who led off with a single .
CHICAGO -- The Milwaukee Brewers had a big night at Wrigley Field . Corey Hart had three hits and drove in two runs , Casey McGehee had a two - run double and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the Chicago Cubs 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Rickie Weeks also homered and Ryan Braun had three hits and scored three runs for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Chris Narveson ( 4 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Chris Carpenter got the last two outs in the eighth and Rodrigo Lopez gave up a run in the ninth before being replaced by Kameron Loe . Milwaukee 's Carlos Zambrano ( 5 - 4 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Corey Hart 's RBI single and Yuniesky Betancourt 's two - out , two - run single . Johnson hit a three - run homer off John Grabow in the fifth to make it 5 - 4 . Rickie Weeks hit a solo homer off John Axford in the eighth , and Jeff Baker hit a solo shot in the first for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Cubs starter Chris Carpenter allowed one hit in two - thirds of an inning , but the Cubs scored four runs in the fifth to take a 5 - 1 lead . Chris Carpenter gave up a two - run single to Yuniesky Betancourt and a two - run double to Corey Hart , who had three hits and drove in two runs . Chris Carpenter gave up a two - run homer to Reed Johnson in the fifth , but the Cubs scored four runs in the seventh to take a 7 - 4 lead . Chris Carpenter gave up a two - run homer to Johnson , who had three hits and drove in three runs .
TORONTO -- Ricky Romero pitched eight strong innings , Adam Lind hit a two - run homer and the Toronto Blue Jays beat Jake Arrieta and the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Arrieta ( 6 - 6 ) allowed one run and three hits in eight innings . He walked four and struck out a season - high 12 . Jake Arrieta ( 8 - 4 ) allowed three runs , three earned , and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out five . Yunel Escobar had three hits , including a leadoff homer in the first , and Juan Rivera added a solo shot in the sixth for the Blue Jays , who have won five of six . Adam Lind hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Orioles , who have lost five of six . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore 's Matt Wieters hit a two - out RBI single off Frank Francisco in the ninth , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . The Blue Jays had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Frank Andino struck out to end the game . The Orioles had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Frank Andino struck out to end the game . Baltimore 's Vladimir Guerrero extended his hitting streak to 14 games with a sixth - inning single .
SEATTLE -- Vernon Wells and the Los Angeles Angels are doing their best to get back on track . Wells homered twice and drove in three runs , Dan Haren pitched six strong innings and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Seattle Mariners 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Wells hit a two - run homer off Jason Vargas ( 4 - 4 ) in the seventh inning and added a two - run shot in the seventh to give Los Angeles a 5 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of his career . Wells hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning and added a two - run shot in the seventh to give the Angels a 5 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Wells , who hit a three - run homer in the Angels ' 3 - 2 win over the Mariners on Friday night . Wells ( 6 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and did not walk a batter for the second time this season . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Mariners have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game West Coast trip . Jason Vargas ( 4 - 4 ) gave up five runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Howie Kendrick . The Angels tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Brendan Ryan .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins have n't been able to find a way to get back to the postseason . Scott Baker pitched a five - hitter for his first career complete game , and the Minnesota Twins beat the Texas Rangers 8 - 1 on Wednesday night . Baker ( 4 - 4 ) allowed one run and five hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out seven without issuing a walk . He struck out seven without a walk . The Twins have lost five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Twins have lost six of seven . Colby Lewis ( 5 - 7 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 1 1/3 innings for the Rangers , who have lost five of six . The Twins have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their current 10 - game road trip . The Rangers have lost five of six and have the worst record in the majors at 21 - 11 . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Rangers have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Rangers have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Rangers have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Rangers have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Rangers have lost six of seven . They 've lost five of their last six games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Rangers have lost six of seven .
PHILADELPHIA -- Roy Halladay has been a big reason for the Philadelphia Phillies . Halladay pitched seven strong innings , Placido Polanco hit a grand slam and the Phillies beat Carlos Zambrano and the Chicago Cubs 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Halladay ( 9 - 3 ) allowed six hits , struck out nine and walked none to improve to 4 - 0 in his last five starts . He has n't allowed more than three runs in any of his five starts this season . Zambrano ( 5 - 3 ) gave up seven runs -- seven earned -- and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked seven . Domonic Brown hit a two - run homer for the Cubs , who have lost five of six . Aramis Ramirez had a two - run single in the eighth and pinch - hitter Luis Montanez added a two - run pinch - hit single in the eighth for the Phillies . Antonio Bastardo got the final out in the ninth for his second save . The Cubs have lost four straight and seven of nine . The Cubs have lost four straight and seven of nine . The Cubs have lost five of six and are a season - high 14 games over .500 . The Cubs have lost four straight and seven of nine . The Cubs scored three runs in the eighth to cut it to 7 - 5 . Starlin Castro led off with a double and Aramis Ramirez hit a two - run single to make it 7 - 5 . Geovany Soto followed with a two - run single off J. C. Romero to cut it to 7 - 5 . Montanez then hit a two - run single to cut Philadelphia 's lead to 7 - 5 . Carlos Pena walked to load the bases , and Montanez lined a two - run single to center to cut it to 7 - 5 . Montanez then hit a two - run single to make it 7 - 5 . Antonio Bastardo got the final out for his second save in three chances . Halladay ( 9 - 3 ) allowed six hits , struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . He has n't allowed more than three runs in any of his six starts this season . The Phillies have lost four straight and seven of nine . The Cubs have lost four straight and seven of nine . The Cubs have lost four straight and seven of nine . The Cubs have lost four straight and six of seven . They 've lost five of their last six games . The Cubs have lost four straight and seven of nine . The Cubs have lost six of seven .
CHICAGO -- Miguel Olivo and Carlos Quentin hit two - run homers in a three - run 10th inning , and the Seattle Mariners beat the Chicago White Sox 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Miguel Olivo hit a go - ahead , two - run double off Jamey Wright in the eighth and Franklin Gutierrez added a two - run double in the 10th to give the Mariners a 4 - 3 lead . Olivo 's two - run double in the 10th gave the Mariners a 4 - 3 lead . Olivo 's two - run double in the 10th gave the Mariners a 4 - 3 lead , but Quentin tied it with a two - run homer in the eighth off Jesse Crain . It was Quentin 's second multihomer game of the season and the 10th of his career . Aaron Laffey ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Brandon League pitched a perfect 10th for his 17th save . Sergio Santos ( 2 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up three runs , three hits and two walks in a shaky 10th . The White Sox have lost six of seven . Seattle starter Gavin Floyd gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked three . Chicago starter Jason Vargas gave up three runs and seven hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Gutierrez 's two - out , two - run double off Gavin Floyd . The White Sox tied it in the sixth on a run - scoring groundout by Quentin .
HOUSTON -- The St. Louis Cardinals have n't been able to find a way to get back to the postseason . Jake Westbrook pitched into the sixth inning and Lance Berkman hit a two - run homer , leading the Cardinals to a 7 - 4 victory over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . Westbrook ( 6 - 3 ) allowed eight hits and three runs in 5 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . Albert Pujols homered for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Houston starter Brett Myers ( 2 - 5 ) allowed six hits and five runs in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . Carlos Lee hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Lance Berkman hit a two - run shot in the first for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Houston starter Chris Carpenter was n't as sharp as he was in his previous outing , but he was n't as sharp as he was in his previous outing . He allowed six hits and five runs in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . Pujols hit a solo homer off Enerio Del Rosario in the eighth to make it 6 - 3 . Fernando Salas gave up a run - scoring double to Chris Johnson in the ninth before retiring the next three batters for his 11th save in 13 chances . The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run homer by Lance Berkman , who hit a two - run shot in the first inning to give the Astros a 2 - 0 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Myers this season . Berkman hit a two - run homer in the first inning to give the Cardinals a 2 - 0 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Myers this season . The Cardinals tied it in the fourth on a two - out , two - run homer by Berkman .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Toronto Blue Jays have been waiting for a long time to find a way to beat the Kansas City Royals . Adam Lind hit a two - run homer , Kyle Drabek won for the first time in four starts and the Blue Jays beat the Kansas City Royals 8 - 5 on Tuesday night . Toronto 's Vin Mazzaro ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs , six earned , and eight hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out three . Drabek ( 4 - 4 ) was charged with five runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out none . Jon Rauch pitched a perfect ninth for his seventh save . The Blue Jays jumped on Vin Mazzaro ( 0 - 1 ) for four runs in the first inning . Lind hit a two - run homer and Jayson Nix doubled in a run for a 4 - 1 lead . Lind 's sacrifice fly in the fifth made it 6 - 2 and chased Mazzaro , who allowed six runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out three , walked one and hit a batter . Royals starter Kyle Drabek ( 4 - 4 ) was charged with five runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out none . Arencibia hit a two - run homer off Tim Collins in the eighth to make it 8 - 5 . Arencibia 's two - run homer off Tim Collins in the eighth gave Toronto a 8 - 5 lead . It was Arencibia 's 10th homer of the season and second in two games . It was the third time this season the Blue Jays have hit back - to - back homers . The Blue Jays took a 5 - 2 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Melky Cabrera and a run - scoring single by Francoeur .
CLEVELAND -- Scott Baker is n't sure why the Minnesota Twins are going to make the playoffs . Baker pitched seven strong innings , Asdrubal Cabrera hit a two - run homer and the Twins beat the Cleveland Indians 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Baker ( 3 - 4 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the second time in four starts . The Twins have lost six of seven . Michael Brantley had three hits , including a solo homer , and Matt Tolbert had two hits and two RBIs for the Twins , who have won four of five . Matt Capps pitched the ninth for his eighth save in nine chances . Cleveland 's Josh Tomlin ( 7 - 3 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his last five starts . The Twins took a 2 - 0 lead in the first against Josh Tomlin ( 7 - 3 ) . Drew Butera hit an RBI single and Matt Tolbert followed with a two - run single to make it 4 - 2 . Brantley 's homer in the fifth made it 5 - 3 and chased Tomlin , who gave up six runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first off Tomlin , who allowed six runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a two - run single in the second . He also doubled in the eighth and scored on Delmon Young 's double .
MIAMI -- Josh Wilson had a chance to get the Milwaukee Marlins on the board in the ninth inning , and the Milwaukee Brewers rallied for a 6 - 5 victory over the Florida Marlins on Tuesday night . Josh Wilson hit a solo homer in the 11th inning to give the Brewers a 6 - 5 victory over the Marlins . Josh Wilson ( 4 - 3 ) took the loss , allowing one run and one hit in two innings . Tim Dillard ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . John Axford pitched the 11th for his 16th save in 18 chances . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer and Brett Hayes added a three - run shot for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Florida starter Chris Narveson allowed four runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out three . Milwaukee starter Anibal Sanchez gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Florida scored three runs in the third to take a 4 - 0 lead . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer and Jonathan Lucroy added a run - scoring single for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Florida scored three runs in the fourth to take a 4 - 0 lead . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer and Gaby Sanchez followed with an RBI double to make it 4 - 0 . Narveson allowed four runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings .
BALTIMORE -- The Toronto Blue Jays have been waiting for Adam Lind and the rest of the Toronto Blue Jays . Lind went 4 - for - 4 with two homers and three RBIs , and Jo-Jo Reyes pitched effectively into the seventh inning to help the Blue Jays beat the Baltimore Orioles 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Lind went 4 - for - 4 with two doubles and two RBIs , and Yunel Escobar hit a three - run homer for the Blue Jays . Jo-Jo Reyes ( 2 - 4 ) gave up three runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings for the Blue Jays , who have won five of six . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . Guthrie ( 2 - 8 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked three . Lind hit a solo homer in the fifth and a solo shot off Alfredo Simon in the seventh . It was his second multihomer game of the season , and his first since July 26 . Lind went 4 - for - 4 with a homer and three RBIs . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on Aaron Hill 's RBI single . Lind hit a two - out solo homer in the fifth , and Escobar hit a three - run shot off Alfredo Simon in the fourth to make it 6 - 2 . Lind hit a two - out double in the fifth and scored on a sacrifice fly by Nick Markakis . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom half on a run - scoring double by Vladimir Guerrero and a run - scoring groundout by Jose Molina . Lind hit a solo homer in the seventh , and Reynolds connected in the ninth .
SAN DIEGO -- The Houston Astros are starting to feel good about themselves . Chris Johnson homered and drove in two runs , Bud Norris pitched six solid innings and the Astros beat the San Diego Padres 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Chris Johnson homered and drove in two runs for the Astros , who have won four of five . The Astros have won five of six and are a season - high 16 games over .500 . Norris ( 3 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . Mark Melancon pitched the ninth for his fifth save in six chances . The Astros have lost six of seven . Tim Stauffer ( 1 - 4 ) allowed seven runs , five earned , and eight hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . Johnson 's solo homer in the fifth gave the Astros a 7 - 2 lead . Johnson 's solo homer in the fifth made it 7 - 2 . Johnson 's solo homer in the fifth gave the Astros a 7 - 2 lead . It was Johnson 's first home run since July 28 , 2011 , against San Francisco . Johnson 's solo homer in the fifth made it 7 - 2 . It was the first time this season the Astros had scored at least seven runs in a game . Johnson 's solo homer in the fifth gave the Astros a 7 - 2 lead . It was Johnson 's first home run since July 28 , 2011 , against San Francisco . The Astros added three runs in the seventh on RBI singles by Eric Forsythe and Chase Headley .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Billy Butler hit a game - ending two - run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the Kansas City Royals to a 2 - 0 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Butler 's two - run homer in the bottom of the ninth off Scott Downs ( 3 - 2 ) gave the Royals a 2 - 0 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Friday night . Butler 's two - run homer in the ninth off Scott Downs ( 3 - 2 ) gave the Royals a 2 - 0 lead . Tim Collins ( 3 - 2 ) worked 1 1/3 innings for the win and Felipe Paulino allowed four hits in five scoreless innings . Tyler Chatwood allowed five hits and two walks in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out two . The Angels had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Paulino struck out Alex Gordon to end the threat . The Angels had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Paulino struck out Alex Gordon and got Torii Hunter to ground into a double play . Butler 's two - run homer in the ninth off Scott Downs ( 3 - 2 ) gave the Royals a 2 - 0 lead . It was the first game - ending homer of Butler 's career . Butler 's two - run homer in the bottom of the ninth gave the Royals a 2 - 0 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Butler 's two - out , two - run homer in the ninth gave the Royals a 2 - 0 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Butler 's two - out , two - run homer in the ninth gave the Royals a 2 - 0 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Butler 's two - out , two - run homer in the ninth gave the Royals a 2 - 0 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . The Angels have won six of their last seven games . The Angels have lost six of their past seven games and are 2 - 4 on their nine - game homestand . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven .
LOS ANGELES -- The Arizona Diamondbacks have been playing like the Los Angeles Dodgers . Gerardo Parra homered twice and drove in three runs , Joe Saunders pitched into the eighth inning and the Diamondbacks beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Andre Ethier had four hits and Ryan Roberts also homered for the Diamondbacks , who have won four of five . Saunders ( 8 - 8 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in 7 2/3 innings , struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last six starts . J. J. Putz got two outs for his 24th save in 28 chances . Rubby De La Rosa ( 4 - 5 ) gave up three runs -- three earned -- and five hits in four innings , struck out six and walked four . The right - hander struck out six and walked four in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained muscle in his right side . Rubby De La Rosa gave up a two - run homer to Gerardo Parra in the eighth , his second of the game , and Juan Rivera 's two - out RBI single in the eighth . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth against Putz , but Dee Gordon grounded into a double play to end the game . The Dodgers scored three runs in the fourth to take a 4 - 1 lead . Parra hit a two - run homer off Hong-Chih Kuo , his fourth of the season and second in two games . It was Parra 's first multihomer game of the season and his first since July 28 , 2011 , against the Dodgers . The Dodgers scored three runs in the eighth to make it 6 - 2 . Jamey Carroll led off with a single , stole second and scored on Juan Rivera 's two - out single . Andre Ethier was intentionally walked to load the bases , and Juan Rivera singled in a run to make it 6 - 2 . Tony Gwynn Jr. hit an RBI single , but Putz got Navarro to ground into a double play for his 24th save in 28 chances .
LOS ANGELES -- The Arizona Diamondbacks have been waiting for a long time to get back to the playoffs . Justin Upton hit a three - run double , Micah Owings won for the first time in more than a month and the Diamondbacks beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Arizona 's Matt Kemp hit a two - run homer off Chad Billingsley ( 9 - 9 ) , who gave up six runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked five . Owings ( 5 - 0 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings , struck out two and walked one . The right - hander is 5 - 0 in his last six starts against the Dodgers , including a 4 - 0 victory at Dodger Stadium on April 28 . J. J. Putz pitched the ninth for his 23rd save in 27 chances . Chad Billingsley ( 9 - 9 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out four and walked five . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 9.00 ERA in his last five starts . The Dodgers tied the game 1 - 1 in the third on Willie Bloomquist 's sacrifice fly . Gerardo Parra drew a bases - loaded walk in the fourth and Jamey Carroll had an RBI single in the fourth to give Arizona a 6 - 1 lead . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Casey Blake , who was 0 - for - 4 with a sacrifice fly and a sacrifice fly . Arizona tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Chris Young .
SAN DIEGO -- The Colorado Rockies have been waiting for Troy Tulowitzki to get back in the lineup . Troy Tulowitzki and Eliezer Alfonzo each hit a grand slam , Chris Nelson had three hits and drove in a run and the Rockies beat the San Diego Padres 10 - 6 on Tuesday night . Ryan Ludwick hit a two - run double and Alberto Gonzalez added a two - run double for the Rockies , who took two of three from the Padres . Colorado has won five of six . The Rockies have won five of six . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost five of six . The Rockies have lost five of six . The Rockies have lost four of five . Harang ( 9 - 3 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Tulowitzki and a two - run double by Ryan Ludwick . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Tulowitzki 's two - run homer and Alberto Gonzalez 's two - run double . The Rockies answered with three runs in the bottom half . Ian Stewart 's RBI double made it 3 - 2 , and Alfonzo 's first homer of the season gave the Rockies a 7 - 4 lead . It was the second time this season the Rockies had scored at least six runs in a game . The Padres scored four runs in the sixth to take a 9 - 5 lead . Chris Nelson had an RBI single and Alfonzo a bases - loaded walk to make it 7 - 5 . Jesus Guzman had an RBI single in the eighth .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Matt Harrison had his best outing of the season , and the Texas Rangers finally got a win . Harrison allowed one run over 7 1/3 innings , Michael Young had two hits and drove in a run and the Rangers beat the Minnesota Twins 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Harrison ( 9 - 7 ) allowed one run and eight hits in 7 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out two . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 2.94 ERA in his last six starts . Neftali Feliz worked a perfect ninth for his 21st save in 21 chances . Scott Baker ( 8 - 6 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the second time in four starts . The Twins have lost six of seven . Minnesota has lost six of seven . The Twins have lost four of five . Minnesota has lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost four of five . Minnesota had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - hitter Trevor Plouffe grounded into a double play with runners on first and second to end the threat . The Twins had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Arthur Rhodes struck out Ian Kinsler to end the threat . The Twins had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Neftali Feliz struck out pinch - hitter Andres Blanco to earn his 21st save in 21 chances . The Rangers have won five of their last six games . The Twins have lost six of seven . They have won seven of their last 10 games . The Twins have lost four of five . Minnesota had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - hitter Nelson Cruz grounded into a fielder 's choice with runners on first and third and one out . Nelson Cruz grounded into a fielder 's choice to end the threat .
ATLANTA -- Andrew McCutchen and the Pittsburgh Pirates did n't need much offense . McCutchen had three hits , including a two - run homer in the ninth inning , and Kevin Correia pitched into the seventh inning to lead the Pirates to a 5 - 2 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . McCutchen had three hits , including a two - run homer off George Sherrill in the ninth . The Pirates have won four of five . Correia ( 12 - 8 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out three . Joel Hanrahan got four outs for his 30th save . Derek Lowe ( 6 - 9 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out five . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Pedro Alvarez 's RBI groundout . The Pirates tied it in the second on Eric Hinske 's RBI double . The Pirates tied it in the second on Freddie Freeman 's two - out double . The Pirates tied it in the second on McCutchen 's RBI double and Eric Hinske 's run - scoring double . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out double by Xavier Paul and a run - scoring double by McCutchen . The Pirates tied it in the second on a run - scoring double by McCutchen and a run - scoring single by Eric Hinske . The Braves took a 3 - 1 lead in the fifth on a run - scoring double by McCutchen and a run - scoring double by Freeman .
CHICAGO -- Justin Verlander was n't surprised to see the Detroit Tigers know the Chicago White Sox could n't get anything going against the Chicago White Sox . Adam Dunn hit a two - run homer in the first inning , Verlander pitched eight strong innings and the Tigers beat the Chicago White Sox 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 14 - 5 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The AL Central-leading Tigers have won three of their last four and have won five of their last six games . The White Sox have lost four straight and seven of nine . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of their last seven games . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - runner Andy Dirks stole second , went to third on a wild pitch and scored on Wilson Betemit 's single to right . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Jose Valverde struck out pinch - hitter David Purcey to end the game for his 27th save in 31 chances . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four straight and seven of nine . The White Sox have lost six of seven . They 've lost five of their last six games . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox had a chance to score in the sixth when Alexei Ramirez led off with a single , stole second and scored on Victor Martinez 's single . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Jesse Crain struck out Carlos Quentin to end the threat .
PHILADELPHIA -- Vance Worley has been one of the best pitchers in the major leagues . Worley pitched a three - hitter for his first career complete game , Raul Ibanez hit a three - run homer and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the San Francisco Giants 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Worley ( 7 - 1 ) allowed two runs and three hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out five and walked one . Ryan Howard homered and drove in two runs for the Giants , who have won four of five . Zito ( 3 - 3 ) gave up six runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . Aaron Rowand hit a pinch - hit homer in the eighth for the Giants , who have lost five of six . Chase Utley and John Mayberry Jr. hit solo homers for the Giants , who have lost five of six . The Giants have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of seven . The Giants have lost four straight and seven of nine . The Giants have lost four straight and seven of nine . The Giants have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last eight . The Giants have lost four straight and seven of nine . The Giants have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Giants have lost four straight and seven of nine . The Giants have lost six of seven . They 've lost five of their last six games . The Giants have lost four straight and seven of nine . The Giants have lost six of seven .
CHICAGO -- Pinch-hitter Jeff Baker had a game - winning RBI single in the 10th inning , and the Chicago Cubs beat the Houston Astros 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Marlon Byrd had four hits and scored three runs for Chicago , which has won four of five . The Cubs have won 10 of their last 13 games and have won six of their last seven . Jeff Grabow ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th to earn the win . David Carpenter ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and two hits in one - third of an inning . Houston starter Matt Garza gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked three . Houston starter John Grabow ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th to get the win . Carlos Lee hit a tying two - run homer in the eighth for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Houston starter John Samardzija ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th inning for the win . The Astros have lost four of five . Houston starter Wilton Lopez gave up a run and four hits in two - plus innings . He struck out two and walked none . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Byrd singled and scored on a double by Darwin Barney . The Astros tied it in the bottom half on a run - scoring double by Geovany Soto and a run - scoring groundout by Chris Johnson . Houston tied it in the bottom half on Hunter Pence 's run - scoring groundout and Clint Barmes ' solo homer .
PHILADELPHIA -- Roy Halladay has been the Philadelphia Phillies ' ace . Halladay pitched eight strong innings and the Phillies beat the San Diego Padres 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Halladay ( 12 - 4 ) allowed eight hits and three runs -- two earned -- in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Phillies have won four straight and six of seven . Halladay is the first Phillies pitcher to win his first nine starts in a season since Jack Morris in 2005 . Antonio Bastardo pitched a perfect ninth for his eighth save . Raul Ibanez had two hits and drove in two runs for the Phillies , who have won four of five . Tim Stauffer ( 6 - 7 ) allowed five runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Padres , who have lost five of six . Carlos Ruiz hit a two - run double for the Padres , who have lost five of six . Howard had two hits , extending his hitting streak to a career - high 11 games . The Padres have lost four straight and six of seven . They have n't won consecutive games since a three - game winning streak from July 26 - 29 . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Citizens Bank Park since the start of the 2007 season . The Padres have lost four straight and seven of eight . They have n't won a series in Philadelphia since July 2007 . The Padres have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Padres scored a run in the first inning on Chase Headley 's RBI single and Alberto Gonzalez 's two - out RBI single . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom half on a run - scoring double by Raul Ibanez and a run - scoring double by Shane Victorino . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first . Cameron Maybin led off with a double and scored on Ibanez 's two - out double to right . Ibanez followed with an RBI double to make it 2 - 1 . Ruiz 's two - run double off Stauffer made it 5 - 1 .
CHICAGO -- Randy Wells pitched six strong innings , and the Chicago Cubs beat the Houston Astros 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Wells ( 2 - 3 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Cubs have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . Wandy Rodriguez ( 6 - 7 ) gave up two runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Marlon Byrd hit a solo homer in the second inning for the Astros , who have lost four of five . The Cubs have lost four of five and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Astros have lost five of six and are a season - worst five games under .500 . The Astros have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Astros have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of seven . The Astros have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of seven . The Astros have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of seven . The Astros have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of seven . The Astros have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of seven . The Astros have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven . The Astros have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven . The Astros have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven . The Astros have lost six of seven .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals had a chance to take the lead in the top of the 10th inning , but the Kansas City Royals rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Mike Aviles had a career - high three RBIs and Eric Hosmer drove in the winning run with a two - out double in the 10th to give the Royals a 5 - 4 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Royals starter Jeff Niemann gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked none . Joakim Soria ( 5 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless 10th to earn the win . Brandon Gomes ( 0 - 1 ) gave up a run in the bottom of the 10th . Hosmer had three hits , including an RBI double off Kyle Farnsworth with two outs in the ninth . Alex Gordon tied it 4 - all with an RBI double off Kyle Farnsworth in the ninth , but the Rays tied it in the ninth on a two - run homer by Desmond Jennings . The Royals tied it at 4 in the sixth on an RBI double by Ben Zobrist and a run - scoring double by Evan Longoria . The Royals tied it at 4 in the sixth on a sacrifice fly by Johnny Damon and a sacrifice fly by Elliot Johnson . Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 0 in the first on Ben Zobrist 's RBI single and Desmond Jennings ' RBI double . Tampa Bay took a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Billy Butler led off with a single , stole second and scored on Johnny Damon 's double into the right - field corner . Johnny Damon added an RBI double in the sixth to make it 4 - 2 . The Royals tied it in the sixth on Moustakas ' sacrifice fly . The Royals tied it in the sixth on a two - run double by Hosmer and a sacrifice fly by Evan Longoria .
DENVER -- Tommy Hanson has been the Atlanta Braves ' most consistent starter . Hanson pitched six solid innings and Jason Heyward hit a two - run homer , leading the Braves to a 9 - 6 win over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Hanson ( 11 - 5 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth for his 30th save in 32 chances . The Braves took a 6 - 5 lead in the sixth on Nate McLouth 's RBI triple and a run - scoring double by Seth Smith , who had two hits and drove in a run . Carlos Gonzalez and Freddie Freeman homered for the Rockies , who have lost three of four . Jhoulys Chacin gave up five runs and four hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked a career - high seven and struck out four . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run triple by Dexter Fowler and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Jhoulys Chacin . The Rockies took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on Heyward 's two - run homer and Alex Gonzalez 's run - scoring fielder 's choice in the third . The Braves tied it in the fifth on a sacrifice fly by Chris Iannetta and a run - scoring double by Nate McLouth . The Rockies tied it at 5 in the seventh on Conrad 's solo homer to left . It was the first time this season the Braves had scored at least five runs in a game . The Rockies took a 6 - 5 lead in the sixth on a run - scoring triple by Nate McLouth and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Wilkin Ramirez .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Detroit Tigers have n't been able to find a way to get back in the AL Central race . Brennan Boesch hit a two - run homer and Justin Verlander pitched eight strong innings to lead the Detroit Tigers to a 6 - 2 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Jhonny Peralta had three hits , including a solo homer , and drove in three runs for the Tigers . Verlander ( 13 - 5 ) allowed one run and five hits in eight innings , striking out nine and walking none . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter . Brennan Boesch hit a two - run homer off Carl Pavano ( 6 - 7 ) in the fifth and Jhonny Peralta added a solo shot in the eighth for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Verlander ( 13 - 5 ) gave up five hits , struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Carl Cuddyer had two hits and an RBI for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Carl Pavano ( 6 - 7 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in six innings for the Twins , who have lost five of six . The Twins have lost five of six and are 1 - 4 on their current 10 - game road trip . The Twins have lost six of seven . They 've lost five of their last six games . The Twins have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games .
HOUSTON -- Pinch-hitter Jason Michaels singled in the winning run with one out in the 11th inning to lift the Houston Astros to a 3 - 2 win over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . The Astros have won five of their last six games . The Astros have won 10 of their last 13 games . The Astros have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Werth had three hits , including a two - run homer in the sixth off Todd Coffey ( 3 - 1 ) . Werth had three hits , including a two - run homer in the sixth that tied it at 2 - all . Werth had three hits , including a two - run homer in the sixth that tied it at 2 . It was the first home run of the season for Werth , who had three hits . Wilton Lopez ( 2 - 4 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Houston starter Brett Hernandez allowed two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . Houston starter Brett Hernandez allowed two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . Houston 's Humberto Quintero hit a two - out double in the second inning and scored on a single by Carlos Lee to push the lead to 2 - 0 . Humberto Quintero 's RBI double in the second made it 2 - 0 . The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the second , but Myers escaped the jam by striking out Angel Sanchez .
DENVER -- The Colorado Rockies have been waiting for Carlos Gonzalez to come out of the game . Gonzalez hit a game - ending RBI single with two outs in the bottom of the ninth inning , lifting the Colorado Rockies to a 3 - 2 win over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . Carlos Gonzalez hit a two - out RBI single off Eric O'Flaherty ( 1 - 3 ) to give the Rockies a 3 - 2 lead in the bottom of the ninth . Huston Street ( 1 - 3 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the Rockies , who have won five of six . Helton hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Todd Helton added a two - run shot to give the Rockies a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Colorado tied it in the second on a two - out RBI double by Dan Uggla . The Braves tied it in the eighth when Dexter Fowler led off with a single , stole second and went to third on catcher Eliezer Alfonzo 's throwing error . Schafer stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch before scoring on Gonzalez 's single to right . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out double by David Ross . The Braves cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the second on a two - out , two - run homer by Todd Helton , who was activated from the 15 - day disabled list earlier in the day . Hudson went seven innings , giving up two runs and five hits . He struck out five and walked one . Colorado starter Juan Nicasio allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are n't sure what to expect from Clayton Kershaw . Kershaw pitched three - hit ball over eight innings , Dioner Navarro homered in the seventh inning and the Dodgers beat the San Francisco Giants 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Kershaw ( 11 - 4 ) allowed three hits , struck out a season - high 12 and walked one in his longest outing of the season . He struck out 12 and walked one . Kershaw ( 8 - 8 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out seven . Dioner Navarro homered off Lincecum in the seventh inning to give the Dodgers a 1 - 0 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Lincecum in his last five starts . Navarro hit a solo shot in the seventh for his first home run of the season . Javy Guerra pitched a perfect ninth for his sixth save in eight chances . The Giants have lost six of seven . San Francisco has lost six of seven . The Giants have lost six of seven . San Francisco has lost six of seven . The Giants have lost six of seven . San Francisco has lost six of seven . The Giants have lost six of their last seven games . San Francisco has lost six of seven . The Giants have lost six of their last seven games . San Francisco has lost six of seven . The Giants have lost six of their last seven games and are 2 - 7 against the Dodgers this season . San Francisco has lost six of seven . The Giants have lost six of their last seven .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Torii Hunter and the Los Angeles Angels are on a roll . Hunter homered and drove in the go - ahead run in the sixth inning , Howie Kendrick had three hits and drove in four runs , and the Angels rallied to beat the Texas Rangers 9 - 8 on Tuesday night . Torii Hunter and David Murphy also homered for the Angels , who took two of three from the AL West leaders . Michael Young had three hits , including a two - run double in a five - run fifth inning that gave the Angels a 6 - 3 lead . Kendrick had three hits , including a two - run single in the sixth that gave the Angels a 9 - 8 lead . Torii Hunter and David Murphy also homered for the Angels , who took two of three from the AL West leaders . Jordan Walden pitched the ninth for his 22nd save in 24 chances . Derek Holland allowed seven runs -- seven earned -- and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Rangers , who have lost five of six . The Angels have lost seven of their last 10 games . The Angels scored two runs in the first inning to take a 1 - 0 lead . Josh Hamilton led off with a single , stole second and scored on Adrian Beltre 's double to right - center . Murphy 's two - run homer in the fourth gave the Angels a 3 - 1 lead , and Hunter led off the third with his 14th homer of the season . The Angels tied it in the bottom half on a two - out , two - run double by Kendrick , and Yorvit Torrealba 's two - run double in the fifth gave the Angels a 6 - 3 lead .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros have n't been able to find a way to make the playoffs . Clint Barmes homered and drove in three runs , Michael Bourn had three hits and drove in three runs and the Astros beat Jordan Zimmermann and the Washington Nationals 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Jerry Hairston Jr. hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning for the Astros , who have lost five of six . Zimmermann ( 6 - 8 ) allowed six runs -- six earned -- and seven hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked none . Michael Bourn had three hits , including a two - run double in the fourth inning that made it 6 - 2 . Barmes hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Morse added a two - run shot in the third to give the Astros a 2 - 0 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Zimmermann in five starts this season . The Astros scored three times in the fourth to take a 6 - 2 lead . Humberto Quintero hit an RBI single and scored on a two - out single by Ian Desmond to make it 6 - 2 . Barmes hit a two - run homer in the third to give the Astros a 2 - 0 lead . Hairston hit a two - run homer in the sixth to cut Houston 's lead to 6 - 4 , but Morse tied it with a two - out , two - run double in the bottom half . Mark Melancon pitched a scoreless ninth for his eighth save in nine chances . Houston starter J. A. Happ ( 4 - 11 ) allowed seven hits and five runs in 5 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Nationals took a 2 - 0 lead in the second inning on a two - run homer by Jerry Hairston Jr. , who was 3 - for - 4 with two RBIs .
PITTSBURGH -- Charlie Morton was n't sure what to expect from the Pittsburgh Pirates . Morton pitched five scoreless innings to win his fourth straight start , and the Pirates beat the Cincinnati Reds 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Morton ( 8 - 5 ) allowed three hits in five innings , striking out three and walking two . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last five starts . The Pirates have won five of their last six games and are 5 - 1 against the Reds this season . Dontrelle Willis ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 4 2/3 innings for the Reds . He struck out five and walked one in his first start since July 26 . The Reds have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game homestand .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros had a chance to take the lead in the eighth inning , but the Pittsburgh Pirates could n't come up with a big hit . Humberto Quintero hit a go - ahead single in the eighth inning , and the Astros rallied to beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Neil Walker went 4 - for - 5 with a homer and drove in two runs for the Astros , who have won four of five . Jeff Keppinger hit a two - run homer for the Pirates , who have lost five of six . Sergio Escalona ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win and Mark Melancon worked a perfect ninth for his seventh save . Jose Veras ( 2 - 3 ) took the loss , allowing three runs -- two earned -- and one hit in one - third of an inning . Jose Veras ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . Jose Veras ( 2 - 3 ) took the loss , allowing three runs and one hit in one - third of an inning . Houston starter Bud Norris gave up four runs and nine hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Houston starter Paul Maholm gave up three runs and nine hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked one . Lyle Overbay led off the sixth with a homer to cut the Pirates ' lead to 3 - 1 . Walker hit a solo homer in the fifth inning to cut the lead to 3 - 1 . Walker hit a solo homer in the fifth to cut the lead to 3 - 1 . Wood hit his second homer of the season in the sixth inning to cut the lead to 3 - 2 . The Pirates tied it at 3 - all in the sixth on a two - out throwing error by third baseman Brandon Wood . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Carlos Lee scored on a wild pitch .
WASHINGTON -- Jordan Zimmermann has been a part of the Washington Nationals ' rotation , and he 's been doing the best he 's ever seen . Zimmermann pitched four - hit ball into the seventh inning , Rick Ankiel homered and the Nationals beat the Colorado Rockies 2 - 0 on Wednesday night . Zimmermann ( 6 - 7 ) allowed four hits and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the second time in his last four starts . He had been 0 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his previous five starts . The Nationals have won six of their last seven games . Jhoulys Chacin ( 8 - 7 ) gave up one run and four hits in seven innings for the Rockies . He struck out four and walked one . Rick Ankiel hit a pinch - hit homer in the eighth for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Roger Bernadina had an RBI single in the sixth , and Rick Ankiel added a pinch - hit homer in the eighth . Drew Storen pitched the ninth for his 23rd save in 25 chances . The Rockies have lost four of five . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels ' Felix Hernandez did n't need much help from his teammates . Alberto Callaspo hit a two - out , two - run double in the eighth inning , and the Angels beat the Seattle Mariners 4 - 2 on Tuesday night for their sixth straight victory . Hernandez allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings , striking out six and walking one . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 5.40 ERA in his previous five starts against the Mariners , including a 2 - 1 victory at Safeco Field on July 26 . Haren ( 10 - 5 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 8 2/3 innings , struck out eight and walked two . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 5.40 ERA in his previous six starts against the Mariners , including a 4 - 0 victory at Safeco Field on July 26 . The right - hander gave up a two - run homer to Mark Trumbo in the fourth inning and a two - run single by Adam Kennedy in the first inning . Hernandez allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings , struck out six and walked one . Jordan Walden got the final out in the ninth for his 20th save in 22 attempts . The Angels have won six of their last seven games and have won six of their last seven . The Angels have won six of their last seven games and have won eight of their last 11 against the Mariners . The Angels have lost six of their last seven games and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game West Coast trip .
CLEVELAND -- Jose Bautista was n't surprised to see the Toronto Blue Jays celebrate their first win of the season . Bautista hit a pair of solo homers , and the Blue Jays beat the Cleveland Indians 5 - 4 on Tuesday night to snap a four - game losing streak . Bautista hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning and added a solo shot in the 10th to give the Blue Jays a 5 - 4 win over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Bautista hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning and added a solo shot in the ninth off Chris Perez ( 2 - 4 ) . It was his second multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Bautista hit a solo shot in the third and a solo shot in the ninth off Chris Perez , who gave up a run - scoring double to Travis Buck in the ninth . Shawn Camp pitched the 10th for his first save . Jon Rauch ( 3 - 3 ) blew a 4 - 3 lead in the ninth before giving up a one - out double to Austin Kearns and a two - run double to Travis Buck . Cleveland tied it in the ninth on Travis Buck 's RBI double off Jon Rauch ( 3 - 3 ) . Grady Sizemore hit a two - run homer and Adam Lind had three hits and drove in a run for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Cleveland 's Josh Tomlin gave up four runs -- three earned -- and seven hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked one . Cleveland starter Brandon Morrow allowed three hits and three runs in eight innings . The right - hander struck out eight and walked two . Justin Masterson pitched a scoreless eighth and Shawn Camp got three outs for his first save . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Adam Lind 's RBI single . Adam Lind had an RBI single in the first , but the Indians tied it in the bottom half on a two - out , two - run homer by Bautista . The Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half on a two - out , two - run homer by Bautista .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Derek Holland pitched a four - hitter for his second shutout of the season , and the Texas Rangers beat the Oakland Athletics 6 - 0 on Tuesday night . Holland ( 7 - 4 ) struck out seven and walked two while throwing 119 pitches . The right - hander struck out seven , walked two and threw 119 pitches . The right - hander struck out seven , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch in his first career complete game . Michael Young and Michael Young homered for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Rich Harden ( 1 - 1 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings for the A 's , who have lost four of five . The A 's have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The A 's have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . Hamilton 's RBI single in the third gave the Rangers a 2 - 0 lead . Hamilton 's RBI single in the third gave the Rangers a 2 - 0 lead . Young led off the fifth with a homer to left - center off Fautino De Los Santos , who was making his major league debut . The Rangers added a run in the sixth when Mitch Moreland led off with a double and scored on a single by Mike Napoli . Hamilton 's sacrifice fly in the sixth made it 6 - 0 . Young led off the fifth with a homer to right - center off Fautino De Los Santos , who was recalled from Triple-A Sacramento earlier in the day .
CLEVELAND -- Travis Hafner and the Cleveland Indians did n't need much offense . Hafner hit a three - run homer with one out in the ninth inning to give the Indians a 5 - 4 win over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night . Cleveland 's Jose Bautista hit a solo homer off Luis Perez ( 1 - 2 ) in the ninth , and Asdrubal Cabrera and Tony Sipp ( 4 - 1 ) allowed a run in the ninth . Hafner hit a three - run homer off Tony Sipp ( 4 - 1 ) to make it 4 - 0 in the ninth . Asdrubal Cabrera had an RBI single in the ninth for the Indians , who have lost five of six . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Cleveland 's Carlos Villanueva allowed six hits and struck out seven in six scoreless innings . Cleveland 's Zach McAllister allowed three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in four innings . The right - hander walked three and struck out four . Zach McAllister , Rafael Perez and Joe Smith combined for four innings of two - hit relief for Cleveland , which has won four of five . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto 's Edwin Encarnacion had three hits for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants have been waiting for Nate Schierholtz and the San Francisco Giants . Schierholtz homered in the 14th inning , Pablo Sandoval drove in three runs and the Giants beat the San Diego Padres 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Schierholtz hit a two - run homer off Pat Neshek ( 1 - 1 ) in the bottom of the 14th to give San Francisco a 5 - 3 lead . It was the first game - ending homer of Schierholtz 's career . Schierholtz hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give San Francisco a 5 - 3 lead . Schierholtz hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give San Francisco a 5 - 3 lead . Schierholtz hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give San Francisco a 5 - 3 lead . Schierholtz hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give San Francisco a 5 - 3 lead . Schierholtz hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give San Francisco a 5 - 3 lead . It was Schierholtz 's second career game - ending homer and first this season . Javier Lopez ( 4 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win and Sergio Romo struck out three in two perfect innings . Moseley allowed four runs and five hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out a season - high nine and walked one . San Diego 's Madison Bumgarner allowed five runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . San Diego 's Madison Bumgarner allowed five runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Detroit Tigers have been waiting for Miguel Cabrera to get back in the lineup for the first time this season . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning and the Tigers rallied to beat the Los Angeles Angels 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Miguel Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Penny ( 6 - 6 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings , struck out three and walked two . Jose Valverde pitched a perfect ninth for his 21st save in 22 chances . The Tigers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run single by Victor Martinez and a two - run single by Howie Kendrick . Cabrera hit a two - run homer off Hisanori Takahashi ( 2 - 2 ) in the seventh , giving the Tigers a 5 - 3 lead . Andy Dirks singled in a run in the seventh to make it 5 - 4 , but Cabrera tied it with a two - run homer off Michael Kohn in the seventh . It was the first homer for Cabrera , who hit a two - run shot in the 10th inning of Tuesday 's 3 - 2 win over the Los Angeles Angels . The Tigers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run double by Vernon Wells and a two - run single by Howie Kendrick . The Angels took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Victor Martinez and a two - run single by Howie Kendrick . The Angels took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Vernon Wells and a two - run single by Howie Kendrick . The Angels tied it in the third on an RBI single by Vernon Wells and a two - run single by Kendrick .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Diego Padres have been waiting for a long time to find a way to win . Pablo Sandoval hit a two - run homer , Clayton Richard pitched five scoreless innings and the San Diego Padres beat the San Francisco Giants 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Jason Bartlett had two hits and scored twice for San Diego , which has won four of five . Richard ( 5 - 9 ) allowed two hits in five innings , struck out two and walked three . The right - hander , who had been 0 - 4 in his previous six starts , allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked one . Lincecum ( 6 - 7 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked one . San Diego 's Will Venable hit a leadoff homer in the ninth off Guillermo Mota , and Brandon Crawford drove in a run with an infield single . Bell struck out pinch - hitter Kyle Phillips to end the game for his 25th save in 27 chances . San Diego , which has won four of five , scored three runs in the sixth to take a 3 - 0 lead . Sandoval hit a two - run homer off Lincecum in the sixth to cut San Francisco 's lead to 3 - 2 . It was Sandoval 's third home run of the season . He also had a two - run shot in the sixth . San Francisco 's Ryan Ludwick extended his hitting streak to 11 games with an RBI single in the fifth . Ryan Ludwick 's RBI single in the fifth made it 3 - 0 .
TORONTO -- Roy Halladay pitched his first complete game of the season , and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Toronto Blue Jays 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Halladay ( 11 - 3 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out eight and walked one . The right - hander is 8 - 1 in his past 10 starts against the Blue Jays , who have won three of four . Chase Utley hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Halladay ( 11 - 3 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in his second complete game of the season . He walked one and struck out eight . Jose Bautista homered for the second straight game and Jimmy Rollins had two hits and an RBI for the Blue Jays , who have lost three of four . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of eight . The Blue Jays have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . Luis Perez ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and three hits in one inning . Toronto 's Carlos Villanueva allowed three runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Jimmy Rollins and a run - scoring single by Ryan Howard . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on Eric Thames ' RBI single . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Eric Thames , but the Blue Jays reclaimed the lead in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by John McDonald . Toronto tied it in the bottom half when Utley hit a two - run homer off Frank Francisco .
CINCINNATI -- Justin Masterson was n't surprised when the Cleveland Indians finally got a win . Masterson pitched eight innings of four - hit ball and Asdrubal Cabrera hit a two - run homer , leading the Cleveland Indians to an 8 - 2 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Masterson ( 6 - 6 ) allowed one run and four hits in eight innings , striking out five and walking one . The right - hander is 6 - 0 in his last eight starts against the Reds . Grady Sizemore hit a solo homer in the second inning and a run - scoring double in the fifth that made it 8 - 1 . Carlos Santana homered and drove in two runs for the Indians , who have won four of five . Arroyo gave up a season - high eight runs and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Indians have lost five of their last six games . The Indians have lost six of their last seven games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park since the start of the 2000 season . The Indians have lost six of their last seven games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park since the start of the 2000 season . The Reds have won the first two games of the three - game series . They have n't won a series in Cincinnati since 2003 , when they were swept in a three - game series at home . The Indians have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park since the start of the 2010 season . The Reds have won the first two games of the three - game series against the Reds , who have won six of their last seven . The Indians have lost seven of their last 10 games . The Reds have lost six of their last seven games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park this season .
DETROIT -- The Detroit Tigers had a chance to win it in the ninth inning , but the Kansas City Royals rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . Austin Jackson had a career - high four hits and Austin Jackson had a career - high four hits for the Tigers , who took two of three from the Royals . Austin Jackson had a career - high three hits , including a homer , and drove in two runs for the Tigers . Blake Wood ( 5 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing three runs in one inning . Jose Valverde pitched the ninth for his NL-leading 40th save . Hosmer hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth . Hosmer had a sacrifice fly in the eighth and a sacrifice fly in the eighth to give the Tigers a 4 - 2 lead . Detroit starter Rick Porcello gave up four runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jackson led off with a double and scored on Melky Cabrera 's single . Hosmer hit a solo homer in the second , and Billy Butler 's RBI single in the sixth gave the Royals a 4 - 2 lead . Victor Martinez added an RBI double in the eighth to make it 5 - 4 . Daniel Schlereth ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Tim Collins struck out three in 1 2/3 innings , Tim Collins struck out three in the eighth and Daniel Schlereth ( 2 - 1 ) pitched the eighth for the win .
SEATTLE -- The Seattle Mariners have been waiting for Mike Carp 's clutch hit . Carp hit a two - run double in the eighth inning and the Seattle Mariners rallied for a 2 - 1 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Hernandez ( 13 - 11 ) allowed one run and five hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out nine and walked one . It was the second complete game of his career and his first since July 29 , 2011 , when he was with Seattle . The Mariners have won five of six and have the worst record in the majors at 21 - 11 . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost five of six . The Angels have lost six of seven . Haren ( 13 - 8 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . It was the second straight start in which the Angels failed to score more than three runs for the first time this season . The Angels have lost five of six . The Angels have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- James Shields pitched eight innings of four - hit ball , and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Texas Rangers 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Shields ( 13 - 10 ) allowed four hits , struck out seven and walked one in his longest outing of the season . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last five starts . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last five starts . Johnny Damon hit a solo homer in the seventh for Tampa Bay , which has won four of five . The Rangers have won 10 of their last 13 games against the Rangers , who have the best record in the majors . Tampa Bay 's Alexi Ogando ( 12 - 7 ) gave up three runs and five hits in 2 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander struck out three , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Rays have lost five of their last six games . Tampa Bay went up 2 - 0 in the second on a run - scoring single by John Jaso and a bases - loaded walk to Desmond Jennings to make it 3 - 0 . Matt Joyce had an RBI single in the third for Tampa Bay , which has won seven of its last 10 games . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost six of seven .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have been waiting for Rod Barajas ' home run into the right - field pavilion . Barajas hit a two - run homer , Ted Lilly won his third straight start and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the San Diego Padres 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Lilly ( 9 - 13 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out three and walked four . The right - hander struck out three and walked four in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander struck out three , walked four and hit a batter with a pitch . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.91 ERA in his last four starts . Javy Guerra pitched a scoreless ninth for his 13th save in 16 chances . The Dodgers have won five of six and are a season - high 16 games over .500 . Rod Barajas hit a two - run homer in the second inning for San Diego , which has lost four of five . The Padres have lost six of seven . LeBlanc ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings , struck out three and walked one . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts after going 0 - 4 in his previous six starts . The Dodgers took a 3 - 1 lead in the second on Matt Kemp 's RBI single and Alberto Gonzalez 's two - out RBI double in the fourth . The Dodgers took a 3 - 1 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Barajas and a run - scoring single by James Loney .
NEW YORK -- R. A. Dickey 's knuckleball has been a problem for the New York Mets . Dickey pitched seven scoreless innings , Lucas Duda had three hits and the New York Mets beat the Florida Marlins 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 6 - 11 ) allowed seven hits , struck out six and walked one in his third straight win . The right - hander is 6 - 1 with a 3.57 ERA in his last seven starts . Bobby Parnell gave up a solo homer to Gaby Sanchez in the ninth , but earned his second save . Anibal Sanchez ( 7 - 7 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings for the Marlins , who have lost three of four . The Marlins have lost six of seven and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Marlins have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . They have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . New York has lost six of seven . The Marlins have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . New York has lost six of seven . The Marlins have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . New York has lost six of seven . The Marlins have lost seven of their last nine games . They 've lost six of their past seven games and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Marlins have lost six of seven . They have lost six of their past seven games and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand .
SEATTLE -- Tyler Flowers and Dayan Viciedo helped the Chicago White Sox end a three - game losing streak . Flowers hit his first career grand slam , Gavin Floyd pitched into the eighth inning and the Chicago White Sox beat the Seattle Mariners 9 - 3 on Tuesday night . Flowers hit a three - run homer in the sixth off Vargas ( 7 - 12 ) , who allowed nine runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . Floyd ( 12 - 10 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . Dayan Viciedo hit a three - run homer in the sixth off Jason Vargas ( 7 - 12 ) , who gave up nine runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . Paul Konerko had three hits , including an RBI single in the sixth for Chicago , which has won four of five . The Mariners have lost five of six . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven . They have lost six of their last seven games . The Mariners have lost six of seven . They have lost seven of their last 10 games . The Mariners have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last eight .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Jeff Keppinger had a chance to get his first career game - winning hit , and the San Francisco Giants beat the Houston Astros 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Jeff Keppinger singled home the winning run with two outs in the 10th inning to lift the Giants to a 2 - 1 victory over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . Mark DeRosa led off the 10th with a single off Fernando Rodriguez ( 2 - 3 ) . DeRosa stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch . Jeff Affeldt ( 3 - 2 ) got the last two outs of the 10th to earn the win . Giants starter Brett Myers gave up one run and two hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked three . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Carlos Lee 's RBI groundout . The Giants tied it in the fifth when Mike Fontenot led off with a double and scored on Jason Bourgeois ' one - out single . The Giants tied it in the fifth when Mike Fontenot led off with a double and scored on Carlos Beltran 's groundout . The Giants tied it in the fifth when Aubrey Huff drew a leadoff walk and scored on a single by Humberto Quintero . The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Affeldt got Jimmy Paredes to ground into an inning - ending double play . The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Affeldt got Jimmy Sandoval to ground into a game - ending double play . The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Affeldt got Jimmy Sandoval to ground into a double play .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago Cubs had a chance to take the lead in the bottom of the 10th inning , but the Chicago Cubs could n't come up with a big hit . Tyler Colvin 's pinch - hit single with one out in the 10th inning gave the Cubs a 5 - 4 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Geovany Soto led off the 10th with a single off Octavio Dotel ( 2 - 3 ) , and pinch - hitter Carlos Pena walked to load the bases . Geovany Soto followed with a double down the right - field line to give the Cubs a 4 - 4 lead . Tyler Colvin 's pinch - hit single off Kyle McClellan tied it at 4 in the bottom half . Sean Marshall ( 6 - 5 ) pitched a perfect 10th inning for the win . Cubs starter Jaime Garcia gave up three runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out one . Yadier Molina hit a two - run homer and Darwin Barney also went deep for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Cardinals starter Randy Wells allowed four runs and four hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out five . David Freese hit a solo homer for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Cardinals starter Arthur Rhodes left with a 4 - 2 lead after giving up a leadoff single to Molina in the seventh . Arthur Rhodes came in and walked pinch - hitter Carlos Pena to load the bases before striking out Albert Pujols to end the inning . Arthur Rhodes came in and walked pinch - hitter Corey Patterson to load the bases before striking out Albert Pujols . Cubs starter Randy Wells gave up four runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked three . The Cardinals took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Aramis Ramirez and a two - run homer by David Freese . Barney led off the fifth with a homer to left - center off Wells , who allowed three runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Torii Hunter and the Los Angeles Angels are n't going to need more than a run . Hunter hit a grand slam and drove in five runs , Dan Haren pitched seven strong innings and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Baltimore Orioles 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Hunter hit a three - run homer in the first inning and added a two - run shot in the seventh , giving the Angels a 7 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Hunter , who hit a two - run shot in the seventh to give the Angels a 7 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for the Angels , who have won four of five . Hunter hit a three - run homer in the first inning and added a two - run shot in the seventh off Kevin Gregg , who gave up a solo homer to Mike Trout in the eighth . Haren ( 13 - 6 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in seven innings , struck out eight and walked none . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Brad Bergesen pitched a perfect eighth and Kevin Gregg gave up a solo homer to Mike Trout in the eighth . Jo-Jo Reyes ( 6 - 10 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings , struck out six and walked three . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts , including a no - decision against the Los Angeles Angels in his last start , when he gave up six runs in 2 1/3 innings of a 10 - 4 loss to the Los Angeles Angels . Adam Jones drove in two runs for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Bourjos hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a solo shot in the second , his first of the season . He also had an RBI single in the third . The Angels took a 5 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Adam Jones and a run - scoring single by Howie Kendrick . The Orioles closed to 5 - 2 in the third on a two - out RBI single by Matt Wieters .
ATLANTA -- The Chicago Cubs had a chance to take the lead in the ninth inning . Carlos Pena hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning and the Chicago Cubs rallied to beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Cubs manager Joe Maddon was ejected in the seventh inning by plate umpire Bill Miller for arguing a called third strike . Braves manager Bobby Cox was ejected in the seventh inning by plate umpire Angel Campos after a called third strike . Braves manager Bobby Cox was ejected by first - base umpire Mike Winters for arguing a called third strike to end the inning . Cubs manager Joe Maddon was ejected by first - base umpire Mike Winters for arguing a called third strike in the sixth inning . Cubs manager Joe Maddon was ejected in the seventh inning for arguing a called third strike . Carlos Marmol pitched the ninth for his 28th save in 31 chances . John Grabow ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Eric O'Flaherty ( 1 - 4 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and two hits in one inning . Carlos Pena hit a two - run homer in the seventh to give Atlanta a 5 - 4 lead . Carlos Pena hit a two - run homer in the seventh to give Atlanta a 5 - 4 lead . Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth for his 28th save in 31 chances . The Cubs ' Matt Garza gave up four runs -- two earned -- and six hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Colvin 's two - out , two - run single . The Cubs took a 4 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Michael Bourn and a run - scoring single by Martin Prado . The Braves took a 4 - 0 lead in the second . Aramis Ramirez led off with a single , stole second , moved to third on a groundout and scored on a sacrifice fly by Dan Uggla .
TORONTO -- The Los Angeles Angels have been waiting for Adam Lind . Lind hit a grand slam and drove in five runs , Edwin Encarnacion hit a two - run homer and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Los Angeles Angels 11 - 2 on Tuesday night . Lind hit a three - run homer in the fifth inning and added a sacrifice fly in the sixth . Lind hit a sacrifice fly in the sixth and Encarnacion hit a two - run homer in the first off Jered Weaver ( 14 - 6 ) , who allowed eight runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . Romero ( 11 - 9 ) allowed one run and two hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out three . Mark Teahen homered for the Angels , who have lost six of seven . Weaver ( 14 - 6 ) allowed eight runs , eight earned , and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . Alberto Callaspo hit a leadoff double in the second and scored on Lind 's sacrifice fly . Alberto Callaspo led off the fifth with a homer to left , his third , and John McDonald followed with an RBI double . The Blue Jays added two more in the sixth on Encarnacion 's RBI single and J. P. Arencibia 's RBI single . The Blue Jays added three more in the sixth . Yunel Escobar led off with a double and scored on Encarnacion 's single . Eric Thames walked and Lind hit a sacrifice fly . Pineiro allowed three runs and three hits in two - plus innings . He walked one and struck out three .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting for Livan Hernandez . Hernandez pitched into the seventh inning , Rick Ankiel had two hits and drove in a run and the Nationals beat the Philadelphia Phillies 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hernandez ( 7 - 11 ) allowed an unearned run and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . The right - hander is 7 - 0 in his last eight starts . The Nationals have won three straight and five of six . Washington has lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Hamels ( 13 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked four . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Phillies have lost four straight and eight of 10 . They have n't been swept in a three - game series since the All-Star break . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . Hernandez ( 7 - 11 ) allowed an unearned run and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . Drew Storen gave up Hunter Pence 's sacrifice fly in the ninth before finishing for his 31st save in 34 chances . Storen gave up a run - scoring single to Hunter Pence in the ninth but earned his 31st save in 34 chances . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Jayson Werth 's RBI groundout . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Ankiel 's RBI single .
CHICAGO -- Reed Johnson had a career - high four hits , including a home run , and the Chicago Cubs beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Alfonso Soriano also homered and drove in two runs , and Geovany Soto and Jayson Werth also went deep for the Cubs . Rodrigo Lopez ( 3 - 3 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Carlos Marmol struck out the side in the ninth for his 25th save . Ross Detwiler ( 1 - 2 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings for the Nationals . He struck out five and walked two . Johnson led off the sixth with a homer to left - center off Collin Balester . It was Johnson 's first career four - hit game . He also had a solo shot off Collin Balester in the sixth . Soto led off the second inning with his third homer of the season and second in two games . Soto led off the bottom half with a homer to left - center , his third of the season . The Cubs tied it in the fourth on a two - out RBI double by Soriano . The Cubs tied it in the fourth on Soriano 's two - out RBI double . The Cubs tied it in the bottom half on a two - out double by Ryan Zimmerman , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Werth homered off Collin Balester in the sixth for a 4 - 2 lead . It was his second of the season .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Melky Cabrera and the Tampa Bay Rays got a big boost from their bullpen . Cabrera hit a three - run homer with two outs in the ninth inning and the Tampa Bay Rays rallied to beat the Kansas City Royals 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Cabrera hit a two - out , three - run homer off Jake McGee ( 1 - 1 ) in the ninth . Cabrera hit a three - run homer off Jake McGee ( 1 - 1 ) in the ninth . Cabrera hit a three - run homer off Jake McGee ( 1 - 1 ) in the ninth . Cabrera hit a three - run homer off Jake McGee ( 1 - 1 ) in the ninth . Soria ( 5 - 5 ) took the loss , giving up three runs and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . Joakim Soria ( 5 - 5 ) took the loss , giving up three runs , three hits and a walk in two - thirds of an inning . Jake McGee ( 1 - 1 ) got the final out in the ninth for his first major league win . Joakim Soria ( 5 - 5 ) took the loss , giving up three runs and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . Matt Joyce had three hits , including a solo homer in the fifth that gave Kansas City a 3 - 0 lead . The Rays took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on an RBI triple by Johnny Giavotella and a sacrifice fly by Salvador Perez . Tampa Bay took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on Cabrera 's sacrifice fly and Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . Wade Davis gave up four runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings for Tampa Bay . The right - hander struck out four and walked one .
NEW YORK -- The Los Angeles Angels are on their longest winning streak of the season . Bobby Abreu hit a tiebreaking two - run homer with two outs in the ninth inning , and the Angels rallied to beat the New York Yankees 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Derek Jeter had a two - run single off Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) , and Bobby Abreu hit a two - out , two - run homer in the ninth off Fernando Rodney to give Los Angeles a 6 - 4 victory over the New York Yankees on Tuesday night . Scott Downs ( 6 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win , and Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) gave up two runs in the ninth . He gave up a two - run homer to Bobby Abreu and a two - run shot to Curtis Granderson in the ninth . Bobby Abreu hit a two - run homer in the ninth for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Abreu hit a two - out , two - run homer in the ninth off Mariano Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) , who blew a save for the third time in two chances this season . He gave up a two - run homer to Bobby Abreu in the ninth and a two - run shot to Torii Hunter in the ninth . Bobby Abreu hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Jordan Walden , who pitched the ninth for his 26th save in 28 chances . Yankees starter Dan Haren allowed four runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . Yankees starter A. J. Burnett gave up four runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out six and walked three .
PHOENIX -- The Arizona Diamondbacks have been waiting for Cody Ransom to come through in the clutch . Ransom hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the seventh inning and the Diamondbacks beat Clayton Kershaw and the Los Angeles Dodgers 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Kershaw ( 13 - 5 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked three . The Dodgers ' Ian Kennedy ( 14 - 3 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked one . J. J. Putz pitched a perfect ninth for his 26th save in 28 chances . The Dodgers , who have won three of four , took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run homer by Kelly Johnson and a run - scoring double by Andre Ethier . Arizona tied it at 2 in the sixth on Juan Rivera 's two - out RBI single . Ransom hit a two - run homer off Kershaw in the seventh to give the Diamondbacks a 4 - 3 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Kershaw this season . Ransom 's two - run homer off Josh Lindblom in the seventh gave the Diamondbacks a 4 - 3 lead . It was the first home run allowed by the Dodgers this season , the most in the majors this season . The Dodgers tied it at 2 in the sixth on Andre Ethier 's RBI double and a run - scoring double by Chris Young . Kershaw ( 13 - 5 ) allowed four runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked three .
MIAMI -- Albert Pujols and Bryan Petersen hit back - to - back home runs in the fourth inning , and the St. Louis Cardinals rallied to beat the Florida Marlins 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Pujols hit a solo homer in the fourth inning and a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Cardinals a 4 - 2 lead . Petersen hit a two - run homer in the sixth to tie the game at 4 . It was Petersen 's first pinch - hit homer of the season , a two - run shot that tied the game at 4 . It was Petersen 's first pinch - hit homer of the season and the first pinch - hit homer of his career . Holliday 's two - run single in the seventh gave St. Louis a 7 - 4 lead . The Cardinals took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on a two - run single by Jon Jay and a two - run single by Matt Holliday . The Marlins took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on a two - out , two - run single by Jon Jay , and a run - scoring single by Alfredo Amezaga in the fifth gave the Cardinals a 2 - 1 lead . Petersen hit a two - run homer in the sixth to tie the game at 4 . It was Petersen 's first pinch - hit home run of the season , and the first pinch - hit homer of his career . Holliday 's two - out , two - run single off Mike Dunn ( 5 - 6 ) gave the Cardinals a 7 - 4 lead . Lance Berkman added an RBI single in the ninth .
CHICAGO -- Ryan Dempster has been a big part of the Chicago Cubs ' rotation . Dempster pitched six solid innings , Tony Campana hit a two - run homer and the Chicago Cubs beat the Cincinnati Reds 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Dempster ( 9 - 8 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked six . The Cubs have won five of their last six games and have won six of their last seven . Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth for his 24th save in 28 chances . Starlin Castro had three hits and Tyler Colvin homered for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Mike Leake ( 9 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings for the Reds . He struck out five and walked three . Tyler Colvin and Ramon Hernandez homered for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost five of six and are 2 - 7 against the Cubs this season . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Reds have lost five of six and are 2 - 7 against the Reds this season . The Reds have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Reds have lost five of six and are 2 - 7 against the Reds this season . The Reds have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand .
HOUSTON -- Yovani Gallardo pitched eight strong innings , and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the Houston Astros 8 - 1 on Tuesday night . Gallardo ( 13 - 7 ) allowed one run and four hits with six strikeouts in eight innings to win for the first time in four starts . The right - hander has won his last three starts and has a 3.56 ERA in his last five starts . The Brewers have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 16 games over .500 . Corey Hart homered for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Houston starter J. A. Happ ( 4 - 14 ) yielded seven hits and six runs -- six earned -- in four - plus innings . He walked three and struck out two . Milwaukee scored three runs in the first inning off J. A. Happ ( 4 - 14 ) . Casey McGehee hit a two - run single and Yuniesky Betancourt added an RBI single to make it 6 - 1 . Ryan Braun had three hits , including an RBI double in the first , and scored on a sacrifice fly by Humberto Quintero to push the lead to 6 - 1 in the third . Corey Hart led off the sixth with his 19th homer of the season to make it 7 - 1 . The Astros added a run in the ninth on Jonathan Lucroy 's bases - loaded walk . Lucroy 's bases - loaded walk off Enerio Del Rosario made it 8 - 1 in the ninth . The Astros had a chance to add to the lead in the ninth . Prince Fielder led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Felipe Lopez to make it 8 - 1 .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Cliff Lee pitched a seven - hitter for his first career shutout , and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the San Francisco Giants 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Lee ( 11 - 7 ) allowed seven hits , struck out eight and walked none in his first complete game of the season . Hunter Pence hit a solo homer and drove in two runs for the Phillies , who have won four of five . Madison Bumgarner ( 6 - 11 ) allowed two runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out nine and walked two . John Mayberry Jr. homered for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Giants manager Bruce Bochy was ejected in the ninth for arguing a called third strike . The Giants had runners on first and second with two outs in the eighth but Lee struck out Cody Ross to end the threat . Pence hit a solo home run in the second inning and John Mayberry Jr. added a solo shot in the second for the Phillies , who have won four straight and seven of nine . The Giants have lost four straight and eight of 10 to fall to .500 for the first time since they were 4 - 2 on July 26 . San Francisco has lost six of seven . The Giants have lost six of seven . San Francisco has lost six of seven . The Giants have lost six of seven . San Francisco has lost six of seven . The Giants have lost seven of their last nine games . San Francisco has lost six of seven . The Giants have lost seven of their last nine games . San Francisco has lost six of seven .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants have been waiting for a long time to find a way to win . Cody Ross drove in three runs and Ryan Vogelsong pitched six strong innings to lead the Giants to an 8 - 1 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night . Orlando Cabrera hit a two - run double and Carlos Beltran had three hits and drove in a run for the Giants , who have won four of five . Vogelsong ( 9 - 1 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings , striking out seven and walking three . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last six starts against the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Jason Marquis ( 8 - 6 ) gave up eight runs -- seven earned -- and 10 hits in four - plus innings . He walked one and struck out one . The Diamondbacks scored four runs in the third to take a 4 - 0 lead . Orlando Cabrera hit a two - run double and Pablo Sandoval had an RBI single , and Carlos Beltran singled in a run to make it 4 - 0 . The Giants added three more in the fifth on a two - run double by Ross and a run - scoring single by Aubrey Huff and a two - run double by Ross . The Giants added three runs in the fifth on a two - run double by Ross and a two - run double by Ross . The Giants added two more runs in the seventh on an RBI single by Henry Blanco and a two - run double by Orlando Cabrera , who had been mired in a 1 - for - 21 funk .
DENVER -- Shane Victorino was n't surprised to see John Mayberry Jr. hit a go - ahead home run in the 10th inning to lift the Philadelphia Phillies to a 4 - 3 win over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Shane Victorino led off the 10th with a home run off Rex Brothers ( 1 - 2 ) , and Shane Victorino followed with a solo shot to give the Phillies a 4 - 3 lead . Mayberry hit a two - out , two - run homer off Huston Street in the ninth to make it 4 - 3 . It was the first pinch - hit homer of Victorino 's career . Shane Victorino led off the bottom of the 10th with a homer off Rex Brothers ( 1 - 2 ) . Antonio Bastardo ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Ryan Madson pitched a perfect 10th for his 19th save . Seth Smith hit a two - run homer in the second inning for the Rockies , who have lost six of seven . Colorado starter Jhoulys Chacin allowed one run and six hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . Hamels gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Colorado starter Cole Hamels gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Iannetta homered off Michael Stutes in the seventh to make it 3 - 1 . It was his third of the season and second in two days . Colorado tied it in the seventh on Raul Ibanez 's run - scoring double off Michael Stutes .
NEW YORK -- Miguel Batista pitched a two - hitter for his first career shutout , and the New York Mets beat the Cincinnati Reds 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Batista ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a two - hitter for his first career shutout , and Mike Baxter hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning for the Mets , who have won four of five . Edinson Volquez ( 5 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Batista ( 5 - 2 ) struck out five and walked two in his second career shutout and second this season . The right - hander was 0 - 4 in his previous six starts . The right - hander gave up two hits and struck out five in his second career shutout and second this season . The right - hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts , including a no - hitter at Citi Field on April 17 . The Mets were shut out for the third time this season . They 've been shut out three times this season , all in the first two games of the three - game series . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Reds have lost five of six and have been shut out for the first time this season . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have been shut out for the first time this season . They 've been shut out three times this season , all in the first two games .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Matt Joyce and the Tampa Bay Rays did n't need much offense . Joyce hit a three - run homer , Ben Zobrist also went deep and the Rays beat the New York Yankees 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Jake McGee ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Kyle Farnsworth pitched a perfect ninth for his 25th save in 28 opportunities . Soriano 's homer was the first of his career . Ben Zobrist hit a two - run homer and Russell Martin also went deep for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Yankees starter Jeremy Hellickson gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . Tampa Bay starter Bartolo Colon gave up two runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . Tampa Bay starter Jeremy Hellickson gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . The right - hander struck out one , walked five and hit a batter . Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 0 in the second on Ben Zobrist 's two - run homer and Nick Swisher 's RBI double . Martin led off the third with a homer to left - center off Bartolo Colon , who gave up two runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . The Yankees tied it at 2 on Ben Zobrist 's two - run homer in the third . Zobrist put the Rays up 1 - 0 in the second with a two - run homer off Colon , who gave up two runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . The right - hander struck out three , walked two and hit a batter .
DETROIT -- Doug Fister did n't need much run support for the Detroit Tigers . Fister pitched eight innings of three - hit ball and Alex Avila drove in three runs , leading the Tigers to a 14 - 0 rout of the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Fister ( 11 - 13 ) allowed three hits and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Delmon Young hit a three - run homer in the eighth , and Ryan Raburn had a two - run single in the eighth for the Tigers . Cleveland starter Ubaldo Jimenez ( 10 - 13 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out three . Miguel Cabrera had three hits , including an RBI single in the third , and Victor Martinez added an RBI double in the fifth to give the Tigers a 6 - 0 lead . Avila 's two - out , two - run double in the third gave the Tigers a 4 - 0 lead . Avila 's two - out RBI single made it 6 - 0 in the fifth . Avila 's two - out RBI single made it 6 - 0 in the fifth . Dirks added a two - run double in the eighth , and Young hit a three - run homer off Josh Judy in the eighth to make it 11 - 0 . Don Kelly had an RBI single in the eighth , and Ryan Raburn had an RBI single in the eighth . Raburn 's RBI single in the eighth made it 14 - 0 .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Adrian Beltre and the Texas Rangers finally got a big hit . Beltre hit a two - run homer in the second inning , Matt Harrison pitched six strong innings and the Rangers beat the Seattle Mariners 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Beltre 's two - run homer off Anthony Vasquez ( 1 - 5 ) in the second inning gave the Rangers a 2 - 0 lead . Beltre hit a two - run homer in the second , and Craig Gentry added a two - run shot in the fourth to give the Rangers a 5 - 0 lead . Harrison ( 14 - 9 ) allowed three runs and three hits in six innings . He struck out one and walked two . Harrison ( 14 - 9 ) allowed three runs and three hits in six innings . He struck out one and walked two . Neftali Feliz worked the ninth for his 30th save . Anthony Vasquez ( 1 - 5 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings for the Mariners , who have lost five of six . The Mariners have lost four of five . Hamilton hit a solo homer in the third and a solo shot in the third , his 14th of the season . It was the fourth time this season the Rangers have hit back - to - back home runs . Hamilton hit a solo shot in the third for a 2 - 0 lead . It was the third time this season the Rangers have hit back - to - back home runs . Beltre hit a two - run shot in the second inning and Craig Gentry added a two - run shot in the fourth to give the Rangers a 5 - 0 lead . It was Gentry 's fourth homer of the season and second in two games . It was the third time this season the Rangers have hit back - to - back homers . Beltre 's two - run shot in the fourth gave the Rangers a 5 - 0 lead . It was Beltre 's 21st homer of the season and second in two games . The Rangers added a run in the sixth on a sacrifice fly by Dustin Ackley .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting for someone to get back to the postseason . Brad Peacock took a no - hitter into the sixth inning and Michael Morse hit a three - run homer to lead the Washington Nationals to a 6 - 1 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Peacock ( 2 - 0 ) allowed one hit in 5 2/3 innings , striking out two and walking two . The right - hander was 0 - 2 with a 0.75 ERA in his previous three starts . The Phillies have won three straight and five of six . The Phillies have lost four straight and eight of 10 . Washington has lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Oswalt , who has been bothered by a strained muscle in his right side , is expected to miss the rest of the season . Ian Desmond hit an RBI double and scored on Oswalt 's wild pitch in the third to give the Nationals a 2 - 0 lead . Roger Bernadina added an RBI double in the eighth to make it 3 - 0 . Oswalt ( 8 - 10 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Phillies scored three runs in the third to take a 2 - 0 lead . Rick Ankiel led off with a double and scored on Ian Desmond 's double to right . Desmond followed with an RBI double to left - center to give the Nationals a 1 - 0 lead . The Nationals took a 2 - 0 lead in the third . Rick Ankiel led off with a double and scored on Desmond 's double to right . Desmond followed with a drive to left - center for a 1 - 0 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Oswalt this season . Morse hit a three - run shot in the eighth to make it 6 - 0 . It was the first home run allowed by Oswalt this season . Carlos Ruiz had three hits for the Phillies .
DETROIT -- Zach Britton 's first win in more than a month ended with the Baltimore Orioles ' 5 - 5 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Britton ( 11 - 10 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 3.00 ERA in his last four starts . Britton ( 5 - 6 ) allowed one run and two hits in two - plus innings . Kevin Gregg pitched a perfect ninth for his 21st save in 22 chances . Adam Jones hit a two - run homer and J. J. Hardy added a solo shot for the Tigers . Delmon Young hit a three - run homer and Nolan Reimold added a run - scoring single for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on a sacrifice fly by Vladimir Guerrero . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Magglio Ordonez 's RBI single and Jones ' two - run homer . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Vladimir Guerrero . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Matt Wieters led off with a double and scored on Magglio Ordonez 's two - out single . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jones ' two - run homer . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Vladimir Guerrero . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Nick Markakis .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Ian Kinsler and the Texas Rangers are doing their best to keep their playoff hopes alive . Ian Kinsler hit a leadoff homer in the eighth inning and the Rangers beat the Oakland Athletics 3 - 2 on Tuesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Ian Kinsler and Josh Hamilton homered off Grant Balfour ( 4 - 2 ) in the eighth to give the Rangers a 3 - 2 lead . Koji Uehara ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Neftali Feliz pitched the ninth for his 29th save in 31 chances . The A 's won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 6 - 1 against the A 's this season . The A 's lost their third straight game and fell to 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The A 's lost their third straight game and fell to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game homestand . The A 's lost their third straight game and fell to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game homestand . The A 's lost their third straight game and fell to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game homestand . The A 's lost their third straight game and fell to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game homestand . The A 's lost their third straight game and fell to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game homestand . The A 's lost their third straight game and fell to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game homestand . The A 's lost for the seventh time in nine games and fell to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game homestand .
MIAMI -- Randall Delgado has been a big part of the Atlanta Braves ' recent success . Delgado pitched five shutout innings , Freddie Freeman and Alex Gonzalez homered and the Atlanta Braves beat the Florida Marlins 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Delgado ( 1 - 1 ) allowed five hits , walked two and struck out one . The right - hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts . The Marlins have won four of their past five games . Florida 's Anibal Sanchez ( 8 - 9 ) allowed three runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out six , walked two and hit a batter . Alex Martinez and Freddie Freeman homered for the Braves , who have lost three of four . Florida 's Michael Bourn had an RBI double in the second and a run - scoring double in the second . Martin Prado had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the second . Freeman 's 12th homer in the sixth off Brian Sanches gave the Braves a 4 - 0 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Sanches in five starts this season . The Marlins had a chance to take the lead in the sixth , loading the bases with one out , but Delgado struck out Dan Uggla to end the threat . The Marlins had runners on first and second with one out in the sixth , but Delgado got Matt Dominguez to ground into an inning - ending double play . The Marlins had runners on first and second with one out in the sixth , but Delgado struck out Logan Morrison and got Chipper Jones to ground into a double play .
PHILADELPHIA -- The St. Louis Cardinals have n't been able to find a way to get back to the postseason . Kyle Lohse pitched into the eighth inning , Lance Berkman homered and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Philadelphia Phillies 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Halladay ( 18 - 6 ) gave up four runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out six and walked four . Lohse ( 14 - 8 ) allowed a run and seven hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . Octavio Dotel got the final out in the ninth for his third save . Halladay ( 18 - 6 ) gave up four runs and six hits in eight innings . He walked four and struck out six . Berkman hit a solo homer off Halladay in the first inning and Berkman added a two - out RBI single in the third to give the Cardinals a 3 - 1 lead . Berkman hit a two - out homer in the first and Berkman added a two - out RBI single in the third to give the Cardinals a 3 - 1 lead . Albert Pujols had an RBI double in the seventh to make it 4 - 1 . Carlos Ruiz had two hits and an RBI for the Phillies , who have lost six of seven . Halladay ( 18 - 6 ) gave up four runs -- four earned -- and six hits in eight innings . He struck out six and walked four . The Phillies jumped ahead 2 - 0 in the first on a run - scoring single by Furcal and a run - scoring single by Albert Pujols . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Furcal . Berkman hit a two - out homer in the first , his 21st of the season .
BALTIMORE -- The Los Angeles Angels have been waiting for Erick Aybar to come out of the game . Erick Aybar homered twice and drove in four runs , Howie Kendrick had three hits and three RBIs and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Baltimore Orioles 11 - 2 on Tuesday night . Weaver ( 18 - 7 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings , striking out two and walking one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.41 ERA in four starts against the Orioles this season . Vladimir Guerrero and Vernon Wells hit two - run homers for the Angels , who have won five of six . Aybar hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning and a two - run shot in the fourth , his first multihomer game of the season . He added an RBI double in the eighth , and Howie Kendrick added a two - run double in the eighth . The 11 runs were the most allowed by Baltimore this season . Alfredo Simon ( 4 - 9 ) gave up six runs , eight hits and a walk in five innings for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Weaver ( 18 - 7 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings , striking out two and walking one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.41 ERA in four starts against the Orioles this season . The right - hander has allowed two earned runs or fewer in six of his last seven starts . The Angels have won 10 of their last 13 games against the Orioles , who have won eight of their last 10 games against the Orioles . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the first when Nick Markakis singled and scored on a double by Bobby Abreu , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a triple . Guerrero hit a two - out triple in the first and scored on a two - out single by Bobby Abreu . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Aybar led off with a single and scored on a double by Bobby Abreu , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a triple . Wells hit a two - run homer in the fourth , and Guerrero hit a solo shot in the sixth .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Cleveland Indians have n't been able to find a way to get back in the AL wild - card race . Brian Thome and Brian Duncan each hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Indians beat the Minnesota Twins 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Indians took two of three from the Twins , who have won seven of their last 10 games . Cleveland has won four of five . The Indians have won five of their last six games against the Twins , who have the worst record in the American League . The Indians have lost five of six and are a season - high 14 games over .500 . The Indians have lost six of seven . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Twins have lost four of five . Cleveland 's Carl Pavano ( 8 - 13 ) gave up four runs -- one earned -- and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Masterson ( 12 - 10 ) allowed three runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . Shelley Duncan hit a solo homer and drove in three runs for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Minnesota took a 2 - 0 lead in the second inning on a run - scoring single by Joe Benson and a run - scoring groundout by Joe Smith . The Twins took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on an RBI groundout by Jason Kipnis and a run - scoring single by Joe Smith .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Justin Verlander was n't surprised by the Detroit Tigers ' pitching staff . Austin Jackson hit his first home run of the season , Justin Verlander pitched eight scoreless innings and the Detroit Tigers beat the Oakland Athletics 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 24 - 5 ) allowed three hits and struck out six in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained muscle in his right side . Jose Valverde pitched a perfect ninth for his 46th save in 43 chances . Verlander ( 24 - 5 ) allowed three hits , struck out six and walked three . The right - hander has won his last three starts against the A 's , who have won four of five . The A 's have lost four of five . Oakland 's Guillermo Moscoso ( 8 - 9 ) allowed one run and struck out eight in six innings for the A 's , who have lost four of five . The A 's have lost four of five . Jackson hit a solo homer in the sixth off Guillermo Outman to give the Tigers a 1 - 0 lead . Jackson led off the eighth with a double and scored on Brandon Inge 's two - out double . The Tigers added a run in the ninth on Ramon Santiago 's RBI groundout . The A 's had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Josh Willingham struck out to end the threat . Oakland 's Miguel Cabrera went 0 - for - 3 with a walk and is hitless in his last 21 at - bats . He is hitless in his last 16 at - bats .
WASHINGTON -- Donnie Murphy has been a big part of the Florida Marlins ' season . Murphy hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the 13th inning , and the Marlins beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Donnie Hensley ( 5 - 6 ) struck out the side in the 11th for the win , and Leo Nunez pitched a perfect 13th for his 36th save . Collin Balester ( 1 - 4 ) gave up three runs and four hits in three innings . He struck out five in his first start for Washington since being acquired from the New York Yankees in a trade on July 31 . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Strasburg allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out three , walked none and hit a batter . Giancarlo Stanton hit an RBI double in the 13th inning to give the Nationals a 4 - 1 lead . Giancarlo Stanton hit an RBI double in the 13th inning to give the Nationals a 4 - 1 lead . Giancarlo Stanton hit a two - out RBI double in the 13th inning to give the Nationals a 4 - 3 lead . It was the first game - ending hit of the season for Stanton , who struck out in his first two at - bats . The Nationals had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Clay Rodriguez struck out Gaby Sanchez to end the threat . Strasburg allowed one run and four hits in six innings , walking none and striking out three . He was lifted for a pinch - hitter in the seventh after allowing a run on six hits with three strikeouts and no walks .
CINCINNATI -- Jay Bruce 's two - run homer in the 11th inning gave the Cincinnati Reds a 8 - 6 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . The Reds had a chance to tie it in the ninth , but pinch - hitter Tony Campana led off the inning with a pinch - hit double and scored the tying run on Alfonso Soriano 's pinch - hit double . Darwin Barney had an RBI single off Francisco Cordero to cut it to 6 - 5 in the bottom half . Joey Votto singled off James Russell ( 1 - 6 ) with one out in the 11th , and pinch - hitter Tony Hernandez sacrificed him to third base . Cordero came on to face Bruce , who drove a 1 - 1 pitch from James Russell ( 1 - 6 ) into the right - field seats for his 12th homer of the season . Nick Masset ( 3 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . Sean Marshall pitched two scoreless innings and Aroldis Chapman worked around a pair of two - out walks in the ninth to get his fourth save . Carlos Pena hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Randy Wells , who allowed five runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . Marlon Byrd hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Homer Bailey , who allowed four runs and six hits in six innings . The right - hander struck out nine and walked three . Andrew Cashner got the last two outs in the sixth , and Kerry Wood pitched a perfect eighth , and Francisco Cordero gave up a run - scoring single to Darwin Barney in the ninth before finishing for his 33rd save in 35 chances . The Cubs have lost four of five . Cubs starter Jeff Samardzija gave up one hit and struck out one in two - thirds of an inning .
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting for a long time to get back to the playoffs . Chris Davis hit a three - run homer , Matt Joyce had a two - run double and the Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Guthrie ( 8 - 17 ) allowed two runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out 10 and walked three . Jim Johnson worked two innings for his sixth save . Wade Davis ( 10 - 9 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings for the Rays . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.26 in his last four starts . Vladimir Guerrero had three hits for the Orioles , who have lost five of six . Nolan Reimold homered for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Rays starter Matt Moore gave up two runs and three hits in 1 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander struck out two and did not walk a batter . Matt Wieters hit a two - run homer in the eighth for Tampa Bay , which has lost four of five . The Rays have lost six of seven . Tampa Bay went up 1 - 0 in the third when Joyce hit a two - out , two - run double and scored on a two - out double by Matt Joyce . Tampa Bay went up 4 - 2 in the bottom half . Guerrero singled , Ben Zobrist walked and Davis hit a 1 - 1 pitch into the left - field seats for a 4 - 2 lead . It was his first home run since July 26 . Reimold led off the third with a drive to center , his third homer of the season . It was the second time this season the Orioles have hit back - to - back homers . Reimold led off the bottom half with a drive to center , and Davis followed with a drive into the right - field seats for a 4 - 2 lead .
MILWAUKEE -- Roy Halladay has been a big part of the Philadelphia Phillies ' rotation . Halladay pitched eight strong innings , Ryan Howard hit a three - run homer and the Phillies beat the Milwaukee Brewers 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Halladay ( 17 - 5 ) allowed one run and four hits in eight innings . He struck out nine and walked three . Ryan Madson pitched the ninth for his 29th save . Shaun Marcum ( 12 - 6 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Brewers . He walked four and struck out two . Howard hit a three - run homer in the first inning off Shaun Mayberry to give the Phillies a 3 - 0 lead . It was the first homer of the season for Howard , who hit a three - run shot in the first inning of the Brewers ' 3 - 2 win over the Brewers on Tuesday . Howard 's homer was his fourth of the season and first since July 26 . The Phillies scored three runs in the seventh to take a 5 - 0 lead . Carlos Ruiz had an RBI single , Raul Ibanez had an RBI single and Yuniesky Betancourt drove in a run with a sacrifice fly . Halladay ( 17 - 5 ) gave up one run and four hits in eight innings . He struck out nine and walked three . The Brewers scored three runs in the ninth off Ryan Madson , who earned his 29th save in 30 chances . Milwaukee scored twice in the ninth on Jonathan Lucroy 's sacrifice fly and Yuniesky Betancourt 's sacrifice fly . Jonathan Lucroy hit a sacrifice fly in the ninth for the Brewers .
MILWAUKEE -- Cole Hamels pitched a four - hitter for his second complete game of the season , and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Milwaukee Brewers 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hamels ( 14 - 7 ) allowed two runs and four hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out two and walked two in his second complete game of the season . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last five starts . Hamels has n't won since July 29 , a span of six starts . The Phillies have won five of six and have the worst record in the majors at 21 - 11 . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Milwaukee starter Chris Narveson ( 10 - 7 ) allowed six runs -- six earned -- and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Yuniesky Betancourt hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Milwaukee 's Corey Hart homered for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on Ben Francisco 's two - out RBI single , but Hamels retired the next two batters to end the inning . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on Carlos Ruiz 's two - out RBI single . Pence added a run - scoring double in the ninth off Frankie De La Cruz to make it 7 - 2 . Pence added an RBI double off Frankie De La Cruz in the ninth . Frankie Dillard , Philadelphia 's fifth pitcher , allowed a run in the ninth .
WASHINGTON -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have been waiting for the Washington Nationals to get back to .500 . Juan Rivera drove in four runs , Tony Gwynn Jr. hit a go - ahead , two - run double in the ninth inning and the Dodgers beat the Washington Nationals 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Tony Gwynn Jr. hit a two - out , two - run double in the ninth off Drew Storen ( 6 - 3 ) , and Dee Gordon followed with an RBI single to make it 7 - 4 . Tony Gwynn Jr. hit a two - out , two - run double in the ninth to make it 6 - 4 . Mike Lindblom ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Jayson Werth hit a two - run homer for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Washington 's Chien-Ming Wang allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings , walking none and striking out three . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Dodgers scored four runs in the third inning to take a 4 - 0 lead . Rivera hit a two - run double and Rivera followed with a two - run double to make it 4 - 0 . Rivera added a two - run double in the third and a two - run double in the third to give the Dodgers a 4 - 0 lead . Rivera had a two - run double in the first and a two - run double in the third . Werth hit a two - run homer off Chad Billingsley in the third to cut the Dodgers ' lead to 4 - 4 . It was the first home run allowed by Billingsley this season . Billingsley lasted only 2 1/3 innings , allowing four runs and five hits . He walked three and struck out two .
WASHINGTON -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are on their longest losing streak of the season . Andre Ethier drove in four runs , Rod Barajas hit a go - ahead , two - run double in the eighth inning and the Dodgers beat the Washington Nationals 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Dodgers starter Ted Lilly allowed three runs , two earned , and four hits in five - plus innings . He struck out nine and walked three . Kenley Jansen ( 2 - 1 ) struck out three in a perfect eighth inning for the win . Andre Ethier had a two - run single in the sixth and a two - run single in the ninth for Los Angeles , which has won three of four . The Dodgers have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind first - place Washington in the NL East . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place Los Angeles Dodgers in the NL East . The Nationals have lost six of their last seven games . The Nationals have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Nationals have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind first - place Washington in the NL East . The Nationals have lost six of their last seven games . The Nationals have lost six of seven .
MINNEAPOLIS -- White Sox manager Robin Ventura has seen enough of Philip Humber ( 9 - 8 ) . The right - hander pitched seven scoreless innings , and the Chicago White Sox beat the Minnesota Twins 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Humber has been the subject of trade rumors , but he was n't happy with his performance . The right - hander allowed six hits , struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Humber has allowed two earned runs or fewer in six of his last seven starts . The White Sox were shut out for the second time this season , but they did n't get a runner to third base until the ninth inning . Danny Valencia led off the ninth with a double off Sergio Santos and scored on Luke Hughes ' sacrifice fly . Chris Sale struck out pinch - hitter Jason Repko to end the game for his sixth save . Chicago 's Anthony Swarzak ( 3 - 6 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in eight innings for the Twins . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The White Sox have lost six of their last seven games and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Twins have lost six of their last seven games . They 've been shut out four times this season , including three in the first two games of the series . The White Sox have lost six of their last seven games . They 've been shut out four times this season , including three in the first two games of the series .
DETROIT -- Miguel Cabrera and the Detroit Tigers did n't need much help . Miguel Cabrera hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs , Max Scherzer pitched seven shutout innings and the Detroit Tigers routed the Chicago White Sox 18 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cabrera hit a two - run double in the sixth inning and a two - run double in the sixth to give Detroit a 16 - 0 lead . Scherzer ( 14 - 8 ) allowed five hits , struck out six and did n't walk a batter . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The White Sox have lost three straight and six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . Buehrle ( 11 - 7 ) gave up eight runs -- seven earned -- and 10 hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out four . Dirks hit a two - run homer in the sixth to give the Tigers a 16 - 0 lead . It was Dirks ' fourth homer of the season and second in two days . Dirks hit a two - run homer in the sixth to give the Tigers a 16 - 0 lead . It was the first grand slam of the season for Dirks , who had a career - high four RBIs . The White Sox scored six runs in the sixth to make it 16 - 0 . Cabrera hit a two - run double in the sixth , and Dirks hit a two - run homer in the eighth .
ATLANTA -- The Atlanta Braves had a chance to take the lead in the bottom of the ninth inning , but the Braves could n't come up with a big hit . Martin Prado singled home the winning run with two outs in the bottom of the ninth to lift the Braves to a 4 - 3 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Tuesday night . Blake Hawksworth ( 2 - 5 ) took the loss . Jose Constanza led off the ninth with a single off Blake Hawksworth , stole second and scored on a pinch - hit single by Brooks Conrad . Craig Kimbrel ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Kemp 's three - run homer off Kershaw in the third inning gave the Braves a 3 - 0 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Kershaw , who allowed three runs and eight hits in seven innings . Jose Constanza led off the ninth with a single off Scott Elbert , and Constanza reached on an error by third baseman David Ross . Jose Constanza followed with a single , and Martin Prado followed with a line - drive single to right . The Braves had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Kimbrel struck out Juan Rivera to end the inning . The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the third . Jack Wilson led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on catcher Aaron Miles ' throwing error . Gordon stole third and scored on Kemp 's two - out homer to left - center . Kemp hit a three - run homer in the third off Delgado , who allowed three runs and eight hits in seven innings .
HOUSTON -- Milwaukee manager Ron Roenicke was n't happy with his team 's offense . Prince Fielder drove in two runs , Craig Counsell added a two - run homer and the Brewers beat the Houston Astros 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Kottaras went 4 - for - 5 with a home run and two RBIs , and Taylor Green had two hits and an RBI for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Chris Narveson ( 10 - 6 ) allowed two runs and four hits with four walks in five innings for the Brewers , who have won four of five . The Astros have lost six of seven . Houston starter Bud Norris ( 6 - 9 ) allowed nine hits and six runs in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . Houston 's Carlos Lee hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning to cut the lead to 4 - 2 . The Astros added a run in the seventh on Taylor Green 's RBI double and Kottaras ' run - scoring single . Kottaras had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the fourth inning . He had an RBI single in the seventh and a run - scoring single in the seventh . Kottaras had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the fourth inning . He had an RBI single in the seventh and a run - scoring single in the seventh . Kottaras had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the fourth inning . He had an RBI single in the seventh and a run - scoring single in the seventh .
WASHINGTON -- Ryan Zimmerman 's two - run single in the bottom of the ninth inning gave the Washington Nationals an 8 - 7 victory over the New York Mets on Friday night . Ryan Zimmerman 's two - run single in the bottom of the ninth gave the Nationals a three - run lead , and the Nationals rallied for a 8 - 7 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Ryan Parnell ( 3 - 5 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and two hits in one - third of an inning . He walked pinch - hitter Jonny Gomes with one out in the bottom of the ninth and pinch - hitter Brian Bixler pinch - ran for Gomes to pinch - ran for pinch - runner Brian Bixler . Bixler pinch ran for pinch - runner Brian Bixler , who pinch ran for pinch - runner Brian Bixler . Bixler pinch ran for pinch - runner Brian Bixler , who was hit by a pitch . Zimmerman 's two - run single off Bobby Parnell ( 3 - 5 ) scored Gomes and pinch - runner Jonny Gomes . Ryan Parnell ( 3 - 5 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and two hits in one - third of an inning . Sean Burnett ( 5 - 5 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the Nationals , who have won five of six . The Mets have lost five of six . The Mets have lost five of six . The Mets have lost five of six . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost five of six . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost five of six . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Albert Pujols went 5 - for - 6 with a home run and six RBIs in the St. Louis Cardinals ' 16 - 7 victory over the Texas Rangers on Wednesday night . Pujols hit a three - run homer in the sixth inning and a two - run shot in the seventh that gave St. Louis a 14 - 6 lead . It was the first three - homer game of the season for the St. Louis Cardinals . Pujols hit a two - run shot off Mike Gonzalez in the seventh to make it 14 - 6 , and Yadier Molina had a two - run double in St. Louis ' four - run fifth . Pujols hit a two - run homer in the seventh and a two - run shot in the seventh that gave St. Louis a 14 - 6 lead . It was the first three - homer game of the season for Pujols , who had a career - high five hits and six RBIs in the first two games of the series against the Rangers . Pujols hit a two - run homer off Mike Gonzalez in the seventh to make it 14 - 6 , and Adrian Beltre had a career - high four hits for the Cardinals , who have won five of six . Michael Young homered and drove in two runs for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Matt Harrison ( 0 - 1 ) allowed five runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 3 2/3 innings for the Rangers , who have lost five of their last six games . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . They have n't won consecutive games since a three - game winning streak from July 26 - 29 . The Rangers , who have the worst record in the majors at the start of the season , have lost five of their last six games . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . They have n't won consecutive games since a three - game winning streak from July 26 - 29 .
ST. LOUIS -- The St. Louis Cardinals ' Edwin Jackson gave the Philadelphia Phillies exactly what they needed . Jackson pitched six strong innings , David Freese hit a two - run homer and the Cardinals beat the Philadelphia Phillies 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Jackson ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . Jackson 's two - run double off Roy Oswalt ( 0 - 1 ) in the fourth gave the Cardinals a 5 - 2 lead . Freese 's two - run double in the fourth gave the Cardinals a 5 - 2 lead , and Freese 's two - run double in the fourth gave the Cardinals a 5 - 2 lead . Freese 's two - run double in the fourth gave the Cardinals a 5 - 2 lead , and Freese 's two - run double in the fourth gave the Cardinals a 5 - 2 lead . Freese 's two - run double in the fourth gave the Cardinals a 5 - 2 lead , and Freese 's two - run double in the fourth gave the Cardinals a 5 - 2 lead . Freese 's two - run double in the fourth gave the Cardinals a 5 - 2 lead , and Freese 's two - run double in the fourth gave the Cardinals a 5 - 2 lead . Freese 's two - run double in the fourth gave the Cardinals a 5 - 2 lead , and Freese 's two - run double in the fourth gave the Cardinals a 5 - 2 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Oswalt in five starts this postseason . Jason Motte worked a perfect ninth for his second save .
SAN DIEGO -- Ryan Braun had a big night at the plate . Braun homered three times and drove in six runs , Randy Wolf won for the first time in four starts and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the San Diego Padres 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Braun hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning and a two - run triple in the ninth . He also had a two - run triple in the ninth . Braun hit a two - run homer in the fifth and a two - run triple in the ninth . He also had a two - run triple in the ninth . Braun hit a solo homer in the fourth and a two - run triple in the ninth . Randy Wolf ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs and nine hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked three . Joe Wieland ( 0 - 4 ) allowed five runs -- three earned -- and five hits in five innings for San Diego . He struck out eight and walked two . The Brewers took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on Alex Gonzalez 's two - run double . Alex Gonzalez 's two - out , two - run double in the fourth made it 3 - 1 . The Brewers took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on a two - run double by Yonder Alonso and a run - scoring double by Jason Bartlett . Braun homered off Ernesto Frieri in the seventh . It was his second career three - homer game . Braun hit a two - run triple in the ninth off Joe Thatcher and scored on Joe Thatcher 's wild pitch .
PHILADELPHIA -- Matt Garza had a tough time in his first start of the season . Garza struck out a career - high 10 in seven scoreless innings , and the Chicago Cubs beat the Philadelphia Phillies 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Garza ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one hit in seven innings , striking out a season - high 10 and walking one . The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 1.99 ERA in his last four starts . The Cubs have won three straight and five of six . Kyle Kendrick ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in six innings for the Phillies . He struck out seven and walked one . Joe Mather hit a solo homer for the Phillies , who have lost five of six . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Phillies have lost four of five . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Phillies have lost four of five . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . LaHair led off the second with a double and scored on Starlin Castro 's sacrifice fly . Ian Stewart 's RBI groundout gave the Cubs a 2 - 0 lead in the third . LaHair led off the second with a double and scored on Castro 's sacrifice fly . Kendrick allowed three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in six innings .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Boston Red Sox have been waiting for Cody Ross ' home run . Ross hit two home runs , including a go - ahead solo shot in the ninth inning that sent the Boston Red Sox to a 6 - 5 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games , and the Red Sox have won six of their last seven . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games , and the Red Sox have won six of their last seven . The Red Sox have lost six of seven and are 1 - 4 on their nine - game homestand . The Twins have lost five of six and are 1 - 4 on their nine - game homestand . The Twins have lost five of six and are 1 - 4 on their nine - game homestand . The Twins have lost six of seven and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Twins have lost five of six and are 1 - 4 on their nine - game homestand . The Twins have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Twins have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Twins have lost six of their last seven games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Target Field this season . The Twins have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Twins have lost three straight and seven of nine . Lester gave up five runs and six hits in seven innings , walking four and striking out four . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts , but he has n't won in his last three starts . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Ryan Doumit 's two - run double and a sacrifice fly by Adrian Gonzalez . Saltalamacchia hit a two - run homer in the second , and Valencia 's two - run shot in the fourth gave the Red Sox a 5 - 3 lead .
SEATTLE -- Alex Rios and the Chicago White Sox did n't need much offense . Alex Rios had three hits and three RBIs , Alex Rios had three hits and drove in three runs and the White Sox beat the Seattle Mariners 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Rios had three hits and drove in three runs for the White Sox , who have won four of five . John Danks ( 2 - 2 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings for the White Sox . He struck out six and walked four . Millwood ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a run - scoring double by Alexei Ramirez and a run - scoring single by Adam Dunn . The White Sox tied it at 2 in the third on a two - run triple by Kosuke Fukudome and a run - scoring double by Dustin Ackley . The White Sox tied it at 2 in the third on a two - run triple by Rios and a run - scoring double by Jesus Montero . The White Sox tied it in the fourth on a two - run triple by Fukudome and a run - scoring single by Jesus Montero . The White Sox tied it at 2 in the third on a two - run triple by Fukudome and a run - scoring single by Adam Dunn . But the White Sox tied it in the sixth on a two - run triple by Rios and a run - scoring single by Dustin Ackley . The White Sox tied it at 5 in the sixth on a two - run triple by Fukudome and a run - scoring single by Liddi .
PITTSBURGH -- The St. Louis Cardinals have n't been able to find a way to get back to the postseason . Lance Lynn pitched seven strong innings , Alex Presley hit a leadoff homer and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Lynn ( 3 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings , striking out four and walking one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last five starts . Jason Motte pitched the ninth for his third save . Charlie Morton ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in five innings for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 4 - 0 against St. Louis this season . Carlos Beltran had two hits and an RBI for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Alex Presley hit his first career leadoff homer for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games and are 4 - 13 in their last 16 games at PNC Park . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost seven of their last nine games . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Nolan Reimold and the Los Angeles Angels are on a roll . Reimold had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Howie Kendrick drove in three runs to lead the Angels to a 6 - 3 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . Reimold had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh that gave the Angels a 6 - 1 lead . Nolan Reimold hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Jerome Williams ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Angels , who have won four of five . Brian Matusz ( 0 - 3 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in five - plus innings . The right - hander struck out six , walked three and threw 100 pitches in his first start against the Angels . The right - hander was charged with six runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in five - plus innings . He struck out six and walked three . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Mark Trumbo 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by Kendrick . The Angels made it 3 - 0 in the second on a run - scoring single by Kendrick and a run - scoring double by Torii Hunter . Kendrick had a two - run single in the sixth , and Reimold hit a two - run homer in the seventh . It was his third homer of the season and second in two games .
TORONTO -- Evan Longoria and the Tampa Bay Rays finally got a win . Longoria homered and drove in four runs , Jeremy Hellickson won for the first time in more than a month and the Rays beat the Toronto Blue Jays 9 - 4 on Tuesday night . Desmond Jennings homered and drove in two runs , and Evan Longoria homered and drove in four runs for the Rays , who have won five of six . Longoria had three hits , including a two - run homer in the fifth that gave Tampa Bay a 6 - 3 lead . Longoria had three hits , including a two - run homer in the fifth that put the Rays ahead 6 - 3 . Longoria had three hits , including a two - run homer in the fifth , and a run - scoring double in the ninth . Jeremy Hellickson ( 2 - 0 ) allowed three runs , two earned , and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . Alvarez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed six runs , six earned , and six hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He walked two and struck out four . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Ben Zobrist walked , stole second , went to third on a throwing error by third baseman Sean Rodriguez and scored on J. P. Arencibia 's double . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on Lind 's RBI double . Toronto answered in the bottom half when Jennings hit a two - out , two - run homer , his first of the season . Tampa Bay tied it at 3 in the fourth when Yunel Escobar hit a two - out single , stole second and scored on Lind 's two - out double .
NEW YORK -- The New York Yankees have been waiting for Ryan Doumit to come off the disabled list . Doumit hit a two - run homer and had a career - high four RBIs , and the New York Yankees beat the Minnesota Twins 7 - 6 on Tuesday night for their first three - game winning streak of the season . Granderson went 5 - for - 5 with a homer and four RBIs , and Danny Valencia had two hits and drove in two runs for the Yankees . Phil Hughes ( 1 - 2 ) gave up six runs -- two earned -- and six hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Mariano Rivera pitched a perfect ninth for his third save . Anthony Swarzak ( 0 - 3 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 2 2/3 innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Granderson hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth . He also had a two - run shot in the sixth . Granderson hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a solo shot off Jeff Gray in the fourth to make it 7 - 4 . It was the first three - homer game for the Yankees this season . Granderson hit a solo shot in the fourth and a solo shot off Jeff Gray in the fourth to make it 7 - 4 . It was the first three - homer game for the Yankees this season . Granderson hit a solo shot in the fourth and a solo shot in the fourth to make it 7 - 4 . It was the first three - homer game for the Yankees this season . Granderson hit a solo shot in the fourth and a solo shot in the fourth to make it 7 - 4 . It was the first three - homer game for Granderson , who hit a two - run shot in the 10th inning of the Twins ' 3 - 2 win over the Twins on Tuesday . Granderson hit a solo homer in the fourth and a solo shot off Jeff Gray in the fourth to make it 7 - 4 . It was the first three - homer game for Granderson , who hit a two - run shot in the 10th inning of the Twins ' 3 - 2 win over the Twins on Tuesday night . It was the first three - homer game for Granderson this season . He also had a two - run shot in the first inning , a two - run shot off Jeff Gray in the sixth that made it 7 - 6 . It was the first three - homer game for Doumit , who hit a two - run shot in the ninth inning of a 5 - 4 win over the Twins on Tuesday night . It was the first time the Yankees had scored at least three runs in a game this season . Doumit hit a two - run homer off Jeff Gray in the sixth to make it 7 - 6 .
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting for the Houston Astros to get back to .500 . Jayson Werth drew a bases - loaded walk in the eighth inning and Wilson Ramos added a sacrifice fly in the eighth as the Nationals beat the Houston Astros 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Washington took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on an RBI single by Jordan Schafer and a run - scoring double by Ryan Zimmerman . Washington tied it in the bottom half on a two - out double by Jason Castro and a run - scoring double by Wilson Ramos . Washington tied it in the bottom half on Wilson Ramos ' sacrifice fly . Ryan Mattheus ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . Henry Rodriguez pitched the ninth for his third save . Fernando Rodriguez ( 0 - 2 ) walked Danny Espinosa to lead off the eighth and Adam LaRoche followed with a walk to load the bases . Jayson Werth walked to force in a run , and Roger Bernadina followed with an RBI double to make it 2 - 1 . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Rick Ankiel led off with a double and scored on Jordan Schafer 's single . Zimmermann allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on an RBI double by Jordan Schafer and a run - scoring groundout by Travis Buck . Houston tied it in the seventh when Adam LaRoche drew a leadoff walk and scored on a single by Schafer .
SEATTLE -- Carlos Santana and John Jaso each hit a three - run homer , and the Cleveland Indians beat the Seattle Mariners 9 - 8 on Tuesday night . Santana hit a three - run homer in the fifth inning to give the Indians a 7 - 1 lead . It was the fourth time this season the Indians have hit back - to - back home runs . Santana hit a three - run homer in the fifth to give the Indians a 7 - 1 lead . It was the first home run by a Mariners player this season . Jaso 's two - run homer in the third gave the Indians a 7 - 1 lead , and Santana 's three - run shot in the fifth made it 8 - 7 . Brendan Ryan drew a bases - loaded walk from Charlie Furbush ( 0 - 1 ) in the seventh to make it 8 - 9 . Rafael Perez ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless seventh inning for the win . Chris Perez pitched the ninth for his third save in three chances . Seattle starter Kevin Millwood allowed seven runs -- six earned -- and nine hits in four - plus innings . He struck out one and walked one . Cleveland starter Justin Masterson allowed eight runs -- eight earned -- and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out one . The Mariners took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a two - run single by Shin-Soo Choo and a run - scoring single by Travis Hafner . Jaso 's two - run homer in the third gave the Mariners a 2 - 1 lead . It was Jaso 's first home run since July 26 , 2011 , against the New York Yankees . Santana hit a three - run homer in the fifth to give the Mariners a 7 - 1 lead .
MILWAUKEE -- George Kottaras came through with a two - run double in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Milwaukee Brewers a 5 - 4 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Friday night . Mat Gamel led off the bottom of the ninth with a single off Javy Guerra ( 1 - 1 ) , and pinch - runner Carlos Gomez stole second . Gomez stole third and scored on George Kottaras ' pinch - hit double . Jose Veras ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Andre Ethier hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Milwaukee starter Yovani Gallardo gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Milwaukee starter Chad Billingsley gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Jonathan Lucroy and a run - scoring single by Rickie Weeks . The Dodgers added a run in the fifth when Juan Rivera doubled and scored on a single by Cesar Izturis . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by James Loney and a run - scoring single by Rickie Weeks . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by James Loney and a run - scoring single by Rickie Weeks . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Loney and a run - scoring single by Ethier .
PHILADELPHIA -- Roy Halladay has been the Philadelphia Phillies ' ace . Halladay pitched seven strong innings , Hunter Pence had three hits and the Phillies beat the Miami Marlins 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Halladay ( 2 - 0 ) allowed one run and five hits , striking out three and walking one . He has n't allowed a run in his first three starts this season . Carlos Ruiz hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Phillies , who have won four straight and seven of nine . Johnson had three hits and scored a run for the Phillies , who have won four straight and eight of 10 . Johnson had three hits and scored a run for the Marlins , who have won four straight and seven of nine . Johnson ( 0 - 2 ) gave up six runs -- six earned -- and 11 hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out one . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Jimmy Rollins ' RBI single and Freddy Galvis ' two - run double . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Omar Infante led off with a double and scored on Placido Polanco 's single . Pence followed with an RBI single to give the Phillies a 2 - 1 lead . Philadelphia took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Rollins and a two - run double by Freddy Galvis . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Victorino 's two - out RBI single . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Galvis .
HOUSTON -- Chipper Jones and the Atlanta Braves were glad to be able to do it . Jones hit a two - run homer and drove in two runs , Tommy Hanson pitched five solid innings and the Braves beat the Houston Astros 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Jones hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a two - run shot in the third to give the Braves a 3 - 1 lead . Jones hit a two - run homer off Kyle Weiland ( 0 - 1 ) in the third inning to give the Braves a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Weiland ( 1 - 1 ) in his career . He allowed two runs on six hits with eight strikeouts and three walks in five - plus innings . Tyler Pastornicky hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Astros , who have lost five of their last six games . Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth for his first save . Jordan Schafer had three hits and scored twice for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Houston starter Kyle Weiland ( 0 - 1 ) yielded eight hits and four runs in five innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Brian McCann walked and scored on a double by Marwin Gonzalez . The Braves tied it at 1 in the third on an RBI double by Dan Uggla . The Braves tied it in the third on a two - out RBI single by Chris Johnson . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI single by Marwin Gonzalez .
CHICAGO -- Francisco Rodriguez got the final two outs in the Milwaukee Brewers ' 7 - 4 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Alex Gonzalez hit a three - run homer and Jonathan Lucroy also went deep for the Brewers . Francisco Rodriguez got two outs for his first save of the season . Milwaukee 's Chris Narveson ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in five innings for his first major league win . The right - hander struck out four and walked two in his first start of the season . Milwaukee starter Paul Maholm ( 0 - 1 ) lasted just four innings , giving up six runs and six hits . He walked two and struck out two . The Brewers jumped on Paul Maholm for five runs in the first inning , including a three - run homer by Alex Gonzalez . The Brewers scored three times in the first . Aramis Ramirez reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second and scored on Ryan Braun 's sacrifice fly . Lucroy 's solo homer in the third made it 6 - 0 and chased Maholm , who gave up three runs and six hits . He struck out four and walked two . The Cubs scored three times in the first inning to take a 5 - 0 lead . Alfonso Soriano hit a two - run single and Lucroy added a run - scoring single to cut Milwaukee 's lead to 6 - 3 . Lucroy added an RBI single in the seventh off Rafael Lopez to make it 7 - 3 . Soto homered off Jose Veras leading off the ninth , his first homer of the season .
CLEVELAND -- Derek Lowe had a simple explanation for his success against the Toronto Blue Jays . Lowe pitched seven strong innings , Carlos Santana homered twice and the Cleveland Indians beat the Toronto Blue Jays 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Lowe ( 1 - 0 ) allowed five hits and two unearned runs in seven innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out only one , walked one and hit a batter . The right - hander is 6 - 0 with a 1.26 ERA in seven starts at Progressive Field this season . The right - hander , who signed a $ 36 million , three - year deal with the Indians in January , gave up five hits and two unearned runs . He struck out one and walked one . Santana hit a two - run homer off Joel Carreno ( 0 - 1 ) in the fifth to give the Indians a 4 - 2 lead . Santana 's two - run homer in the fifth gave the Indians a 4 - 2 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Santana , who has hit safely in 13 of his last 13 games . The Indians , who have lost four of five , took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Brett Lawrie and a run - scoring double by Edwin Encarnacion . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Shin-Soo Choo led off with a single , stole second and went to third on catcher Jeff Mathis ' throwing error . Edwin Encarnacion hit an RBI double and Adam Lind followed with a run - scoring single . Jack Hannahan followed with an RBI single . Carreno ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out three .
CINCINNATI -- Scott Rolen 's pinch - hit single with one out in the ninth inning gave the Cincinnati Reds a 6 - 5 victory over the Miami Marlins on Tuesday night . It was the first game - ending hit of the season for Rolen , who entered the game in a 1 - for - 16 slump . Rolen , who had been on the disabled list with a strained right calf , hit a pinch - hit single off Bell ( 0 - 1 ) , who was making his major league debut . Aroldis Chapman ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win . Bell ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win . Bell ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up two runs in the ninth . Bell ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings in relief of Carlos Zambrano , who allowed four runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out six , walked two and hit a batter . Jay Bruce led off the ninth with a homer off Bronson Arroyo , who gave up 10 hits and five runs -- four earned -- in 6 1 - 3 innings . The right - hander gave up a season - high 10 hits and five runs with no walks and four strikeouts in 6 1/3 innings . Miami scored three runs in the first inning off Carlos Zambrano , who allowed four runs , four hits and two walks in six innings . The Reds scored three runs in the first inning off Bronson Arroyo , who allowed 10 hits and five runs in 6 1 - 3 innings .
CINCINNATI -- Johnny Cueto did n't have his best stuff . The right - hander pitched seven innings of three - hit ball , Jay Bruce homered and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Miami Marlins 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Cueto ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three hits , struck out four and walked two in his first Opening Day start . The right - hander had been 0 - 3 in his last five starts , including a no - hitter in his first start of the season , when he gave up six runs in 2 1/3 innings of a 10 - 1 loss at San Francisco . The right - hander , who signed a $ < unk > million , three - year deal with the Reds in the offseason , allowed three hits , struck out four and walked two . The right - hander had been 0 - 4 in his last six starts , including a no - hitter against the Reds last season . The Reds have won the first two games of the three - game series . The Marlins have won six of their last seven games . The Marlins have lost six of their last seven games . They 've been shut out for the first time this season . Mark Buehrle ( 0 - 1 ) gave up seven hits and two runs in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Bruce homered off Edward Mujica in the eighth , his third of the season . The Reds have won five of their last six games against the Marlins , who have the best record in the majors at 21 - 11 . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Marlins have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven .
LOS ANGELES -- Zack Greinke has been a big part of the Milwaukee Brewers ' pitching staff . Greinke pitched six strong innings , Aramis Ramirez hit a two - run homer and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Greinke ( 6 - 2 ) allowed one run and nine hits in six innings , struck out seven and walked one . The right - hander is 6 - 0 in his last eight starts against the Dodgers , who have won three of four . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games , and the Dodgers have won six of their last seven . The Dodgers have lost six of seven , including a 2 - 1 loss to the Brewers on Monday night . The Dodgers ' Chad Billingsley ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings , struck out eight and walked two . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 9.00 ERA in his last five starts . The Dodgers ' Carlos Gomez hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Todd Coffey , who gave up two runs and two hits in 1 2/3 innings . Aramis Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the third inning for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . The Dodgers scored in the second on an RBI single by Rickie Weeks and a run - scoring single by Martin Maldonado . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by A. J. Ellis and a run - scoring single by Martin Maldonado . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Ramirez and a run - scoring single by Rickie Weeks .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting for a long time to get back to the postseason . Francisco Liriano pitched six shutout innings and Josh Willingham hit a two - run homer to lead the Minnesota Twins to a 4 - 0 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . Liriano ( 1 - 5 ) allowed three hits , walked two and struck out nine in his first start since July 29 , 2011 , against the A 's . He had been 0 - 3 in his previous five starts . The Twins have lost three straight and six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . Oakland 's Tyson Ross ( 2 - 6 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out one . Willingham 's two - out , two - run homer in the fifth gave the Twins a 4 - 0 lead . Willingham 's two - out , two - run homer in the fifth gave the Twins a 4 - 0 lead . Willingham 's two - run homer in the fifth gave the Twins a 4 - 0 lead . Willingham hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Twins a 4 - 0 lead . Willingham hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Twins a 4 - 0 lead . Willingham hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Twins a 4 - 0 lead . Willingham hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Twins a 4 - 0 lead . Willingham hit a two - run homer in the fifth to make it 4 - 0 .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Chicago White Sox have won the first two games of the three - game series . Chris Sale struck out 15 in 7 1/3 innings , Adam Dunn hit a two - run homer and the White Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Sale ( 6 - 2 ) gave up three hits , walked two and struck out a season - high 15 . Addison Reed pitched a perfect ninth for his fifth save . Matt Moore ( 1 - 5 ) gave up two runs , four hits and a walk in seven innings for Tampa Bay . The right - hander struck out 10 and walked one . Dunn hit a two - run homer off Matt Moore in the sixth to put the White Sox up 2 - 1 . It was Dunn 's 34th homer of the season and first since July 26 . The White Sox have won five of their last six games against the Rays , who have lost three of four . Tampa Bay has lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven . The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven . The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven . The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven . The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven . The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven . The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven .
DENVER -- The Colorado Rockies have been waiting for a lot of home runs this season . Dexter Fowler had a career - high four hits , including a leadoff triple in the 10th inning , and the Colorado Rockies beat the Houston Astros 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Fowler went 4 - for - 4 with a homer and three RBIs , and Justin Maxwell added a pinch - hit homer in the sixth for the Rockies , who have won four of five . Josh Roenicke ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for his first major league win . Brett Myers ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing one run on two hits and a walk in one - third of an inning . Fowler had four hits , including a leadoff triple in the 10th , and scored on a single by Marwin Gonzalez . The Rockies took a 6 - 4 lead in the fourth on Chris Snyder 's RBI single and Brian Bogusevic 's two - out , two - run homer off Jordan Lyles , who allowed six runs -- four earned -- and six hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out three . White Sox starter Alex White gave up six runs and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked one . The Rockies took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a two - run homer by Brian Bogusevic , who had three hits . The Rockies tied it at 2 in the fourth on a two - out , bases - loaded double by Fowler . The Rockies tied it in the bottom half on a two - out , bases - loaded double by Fowler .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox had a lot of chances against Chris Sale . Sale pitched seven innings of two - hit ball , Alex Rios hit a two - run homer and the Chicago White Sox beat the Minnesota Twins 6 - 0 on Tuesday night . Sale ( 5 - 2 ) allowed two hits and struck out six in seven innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out six , walked two and threw 97 pitches . The White Sox have won four of five and have won five of their last six . Alex Rios hit a two - run homer off Scott Diamond ( 3 - 1 ) , who allowed five runs -- two earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . Paul Konerko hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Twins , who have lost four of five . The White Sox were shut out for the fourth time this season . They have lost five of six . The Twins were shut out for the fourth time this season . They have lost four of five . The Twins were shut out for the fourth time this season . They have lost five of six and are 1 - 4 on their homestand . The White Sox have lost four of five . The Twins were shut out for the third time this season . They 've lost five of their last six games . The Twins were shut out for the fourth time this season . They have n't scored more than three runs in any of their past 12 games . The White Sox have lost four of five .
TORONTO -- The New York Mets have been waiting for Brandon Morrow to come off the disabled list . Morrow pitched a three - hitter for his second career shutout , and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the New York Mets 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Morrow ( 5 - 2 ) allowed three hits , walked one and struck out eight . He threw 76 of his 107 pitches for strikes . He struck out eight , walked one and threw 76 of 107 pitches for strikes . Jeremy Hefner ( 0 - 1 ) allowed two runs and four hits in five innings for the Mets . He walked none and struck out five . Yunel Escobar had two hits and drove in a run for the Mets , who have lost six of seven . Mets left fielder Andres Vizquel left the game in the sixth inning with a sprained right ankle . He was replaced by Jeff Mathis . X-rays were negative and he is day - to - day . X-rays were negative and he is day - to - day . X-rays were negative and he is day - to - day . He was replaced by Omar Vizquel , who was replaced by Jeff Mathis . X-rays were negative and he is day - to - day . Morrow ( 5 - 2 ) allowed three hits , walked one and struck out eight . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.91 ERA in his past five starts . The Mets have lost six of their past seven games . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven .
CLEVELAND -- Carlos Zambrano had no idea what to expect from the Cleveland Indians . Zambrano pitched seven strong innings , and the Miami Marlins beat the Cleveland Indians 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Zambrano ( 2 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out two and walked five . Heath Bell pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save in five chances . The Marlins took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Omar Infante and a run - scoring single by Casey Kotchman . Shin-Soo Choo 's RBI single in the second made it 2 - 0 , but the Marlins tied it in the third on a sacrifice fly by Giancarlo Stanton and a sacrifice fly by Greg Dobbs . The Marlins tied it in the sixth . Bryan Sipp ( 0 - 2 ) issued a leadoff walk to Travis Hafner , who stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch . Hanley Ramirez then hit a sacrifice fly to give the Indians a 3 - 2 lead . The Indians took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Omar Infante and a run - scoring double by Casey Kotchman . Omar Infante drove in a run with a fielder 's choice in the third , and the Marlins went ahead 2 - 1 in the third on Bryan Petersen 's RBI triple and Carlos Santana 's sacrifice fly . The Marlins tied it in the sixth on a sacrifice fly by Greg Dobbs , but the Indians tied it in the eighth on a sacrifice fly by Giancarlo Stanton and a sacrifice fly by Jack Hannahan .
WASHINGTON -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting for Nick Markakis and Edwin Jackson . Markakis hit a go - ahead homer in the 11th inning , and the Orioles beat the Washington Nationals 2 - 1 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Jackson allowed one run and five hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Nick Markakis hit a solo homer off Ryan Mattheus ( 2 - 1 ) in the 11th . Kevin Gregg ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 10th inning for the win . Pedro Strop pitched the 11th for his third save . Ian Desmond homered and Adam Jones had two hits and drove in a run for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Washington 's Jake Arrieta gave up one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked one . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on Adam Jones ' RBI single , but the Orioles tied it in the bottom half on Desmond 's two - out homer . Baltimore tied it in the bottom of the inning on Desmond 's two - out homer , his third of the season . Baltimore tied it in the bottom half on Desmond 's two - out homer , his second of the season . The Nationals tied it in the bottom of the inning on Bryce Harper 's two - out single . Bryce Harper was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second on Ryan Zimmerman 's single to center in the second inning . The Orioles loaded the bases with one out in the second , but Arrieta struck out Chris Davis and got Ryan Flaherty to ground into a double play .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Brian Matusz and the Baltimore Orioles finally found a way to beat the Kansas City Royals . Matusz pitched six solid innings , Adam Jones hit a two - run homer and the Orioles beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Matusz ( 3 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . Jim Johnson pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 16 opportunities . The Royals have lost six of seven . Hochevar ( 3 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Royals scored three runs in the third to take a 3 - 0 lead . Nick Markakis led off with a double and Jones followed with a two - run homer to left . It was the first homer allowed by Hochevar this season . The Orioles scored three runs in the seventh to take a 5 - 3 lead . J. J. Hardy 's two - run single off Aaron Crow scored Chris Davis , who had three hits . Chris Davis had three hits for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Royals right - hander Pedro Strop pitched a perfect eighth , and Jim Johnson pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 16 opportunities . The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a run - scoring double by Johnny Giavotella and a two - run double by Humberto Quintero . Jones hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Royals a 2 - 0 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Hochevar in his last five starts . Jones hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Royals a 2 - 0 lead .
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting for Adam LaRoche and Gio Gonzalez . LaRoche homered and drove in four runs , Gio Gonzalez won for the first time in four starts and the Nationals beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . LaRoche went 3 - for - 4 with a homer and three RBIs , and Ian Desmond and Xavier Nady also went deep for the Nationals . Gonzalez ( 5 - 1 ) allowed three runs -- three earned -- and four hits in seven innings . He struck out 10 and walked two . Gonzalez ( 5 - 1 ) gave up a two - run homer to Josh Harrison in the seventh . He allowed three runs and four hits , striking out 10 and walking two . Henry Rodriguez pitched the ninth for his ninth save . Bedard ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . LaRoche hit a two - out , three - run double in the seventh to give the Nationals a 7 - 3 lead . It was the first grand slam of the season for LaRoche , who hit a two - run homer in the 10th inning of Thursday 's 3 - 2 win over the Pirates . The Nationals scored three runs in the seventh off reliever Evan Meek . Bryce Harper led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Casey McGehee . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Harrison 's two - out RBI single . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Harrison 's two - out RBI single .
DETROIT -- Brian Dozier hit a three - run homer in the second inning , and the Minnesota Twins beat the Detroit Tigers 11 - 7 on Tuesday night . Brian Duensing got the last four outs , and Alex Burnett ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Brian Dozier hit a three - run homer and Jamey Carroll added a two - run double for the Twins , who took two of three from the AL Central leaders . Minnesota 's Rick Porcello gave up six runs -- two earned -- and six hits in four innings . The right - hander struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Brian Dozier hit a three - run homer for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Minnesota starter Nick Blackburn gave up six runs -- six earned -- and six hits in two - plus innings . He walked two and struck out two . Minnesota took a 6 - 5 lead in the second inning on a run - scoring single by Prince Fielder and a run - scoring single by Miguel Cabrera . The Twins tied it in the second on a run - scoring single by Joe Mauer and a run - scoring single by Ryan Doumit . The Tigers tied it in the second on a run - scoring single by Ramon Santiago and a run - scoring double by Josh Willingham . Detroit tied it in the bottom of the inning on Dirks ' run - scoring single , and Dozier 's three - run homer in the second gave the Twins a 5 - 1 lead . The Tigers tied it in the bottom of the inning on an RBI double by Austin Jackson and a run - scoring single by Ryan Doumit . The Tigers tied it in the second on a run - scoring double by Willingham and a two - run homer by Dozier .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Ervin Santana has been a big part of the Los Angeles Angels ' rotation . Santana pitched 7 2/3 innings of four - hit ball , Albert Pujols had three hits and drove in two runs , and the Angels beat the Oakland Athletics 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Santana ( 2 - 6 ) allowed four hits and three walks in 7 2/3 innings , striking out nine . The right - hander has won his first three starts of the season with a 4.36 ERA . The right - hander , who signed a $ 125 million , five - year contract with the Angels in December , struck out nine , walked three and hit a batter . The right - hander has won his last three starts against the A 's , who have won four of five . Colon ( 3 - 4 ) gave up four runs and 12 hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Alberto Callaspo drove in the Angels ' first run with a two - out double in the third , and Albert Pujols drove in a run with a single in the fifth . Trout homered off Jerry Blevins to make it 4 - 0 in the seventh . Trout led off the seventh with his 19th homer of the season , a drive into the right - field seats on a 3 - 2 pitch from Jerry Blevins . It was his third homer of the season and second in two days . Trout homered off Scott Downs in the seventh , his third homer of the season and first since July 29 . The Angels have won four straight and eight of 10 . Oakland has lost six of seven . The A 's have lost seven of their last 10 games .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Ryan Doumit 's two - run homer off Nick Hagadone in the eighth inning gave the Cleveland Indians a 5 - 4 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . It was the first home run for Doumit , who hit a two - run shot in the fifth inning off Nick Hagadone to give the Indians a 4 - 1 lead . Ryan Doumit added a two - run homer in the eighth for the Indians , who have won four of five . Joe Smith ( 3 - 1 ) got the last out of the eighth for the win . Chris Perez pitched the ninth for his 12th save in 14 chances . Capps ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up a run on two hits and a walk while striking out none . Casey Kotchman hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Twins a 4 - 1 lead . Cleveland 's Carl Pavano allowed four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Twins have lost six of their last seven games . The Twins have lost six of seven . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Twins have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Twins have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Target Field this season . The Twins have lost five of six and are 1 - 11 since the All-Star break .
LOS ANGELES -- Tony Gwynn Jr. had a pinch - hit RBI single in the eighth inning , and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Colorado Rockies 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Harang ( 2 - 2 ) gave up one run and four hits in eight innings , striking out two and walking two . The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last four starts . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth for his third save in three chances . Josh Outman ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and one hit in two - thirds of an inning . Tyler Colvin hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Colorado starter Juan Nicasio struck out a career - high nine in seven innings , allowing one run and five hits . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Andre Ethier led off with a single and scored on a single by Juan Uribe . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on a two - out single by Juan Uribe . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on a two - out single by Juan Uribe . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on a two - out single by Juan Uribe . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on an RBI single by Juan Uribe . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on Juan Uribe 's RBI single .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Drew Hutchison did n't need much help from Jose Bautista , who hit a go - ahead home run in the sixth inning , and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Minnesota Twins 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Hutchison ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out four and walked four . Casey Janssen pitched a perfect ninth for his second save . Jose Bautista hit a solo homer in the sixth inning for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Walters gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked none . Walters gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked none . Walters ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings for the Twins . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Blue Jays have lost four of their last five games . Minnesota 's Brian Duensing pitched two scoreless innings in relief of Hutchison . Francisco Cordero pitched the eighth and Casey Janssen worked a perfect ninth for his second save . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Adam Lind 's two - out single . The Blue Jays tied it in the fifth on a two - out , two - run homer by Bautista . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Colby Rasmus led off with a double and scored on Trevor Plouffe 's bases - loaded walk . The Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half on Bautista 's two - out homer .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting for the Minnesota Twins to find a way to get back to the playoffs . Darin Mastroianni drove in three runs , Eric Thames hit a two - run homer and the Twins beat the Toronto Blue Jays 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . The Twins have won five of six and are a season - high 16 games over .500 . Nick Blackburn ( 1 - 4 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings for the Twins , who have won four of five . Matt Drabek ( 2 - 4 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 4 1/3 innings for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Bautista hit his second homer of the game , a solo shot in the sixth , to give the Twins a 6 - 2 lead . It was the second time this season the Twins have hit back - to - back home runs . Bautista hit a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Twins a 6 - 2 lead . It was the second time this season the Twins have hit back - to - back home runs . Bautista hit a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Twins a 6 - 2 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Bautista , who had a two - run shot in the sixth inning and a two - run homer in the sixth that gave the Twins a 6 - 2 lead . It was the third time this season the Twins have hit back - to - back home runs . Bautista hit a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Blue Jays a 6 - 2 lead . It was the third time this season the Twins have hit back - to - back home runs . Thames hit a two - run shot off Glen Perkins in the sixth to give the Twins a 6 - 2 lead . It was the third time this season the Twins have hit back - to - back homers . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the first on a two - run single by Bautista and a two - run single by Darin Mastroianni . The Blue Jays tied it at 2 in the fourth on an RBI double by Josh Willingham and a two - run single by Ryan Doumit .
PHILADELPHIA -- Hunter Pence and David Wright had two hits each . Pence hit a two - run homer in the first inning , and the New York Mets beat the Philadelphia Phillies 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Hunter Pence hit a two - run homer in the first inning for the Mets , who have won five of six . David Wright had two hits and drove in a run for the Phillies . Jon Rauch pitched the ninth for his first save . Mets starter Joe Blanton gave up four runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Joe Blanton gave up four runs -- four earned -- and five hits in 6 2 - 3 innings for the Phillies , who have lost five of six . Mets starter Miguel Batista gave up four runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out one and walked two . Manny Acosta ( 1 - 2 ) got the last two outs in the seventh for the win . Chad Qualls ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Hunter Pence 's two - run homer and Daniel Murphy 's run - scoring single . Pence hit a two - run homer in the first off Batista , who allowed four runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by David Wright and a run - scoring double by Daniel Murphy . The Mets added three runs in the second . Orr hit a one - out single and Pence followed with a two - run homer .
HOUSTON -- Carlos Zambrano and the Miami Marlins did n't need much help . Zambrano pitched a three - hitter for his first major league shutout , and the Miami Marlins beat the Houston Astros 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Zambrano ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three hits and struck out nine in his first complete game of the season . He struck out nine and walked one . Hanley Ramirez hit a solo homer off Wandy Rodriguez in the ninth . Wandy Rodriguez ( 3 - 3 ) gave up four runs and six hits in eight innings for the Astros . He struck out two and walked two . Giancarlo Stanton hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Astros , who have lost four of five . John Buck homered for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Houston starter Carlos Zambrano ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three hits and struck out nine in his second complete game of the season . He struck out nine and walked one in his third career complete game . The Astros have won five of their last six games . The Astros were shut out for the fourth time this season . Houston 's Jose Reyes extended his hitting streak to a career - high 11 games with a single in the second inning . He was hit by a pitch in the first inning and was hit by a pitch to load the bases with one out in the fourth . Jose Altuve singled with one out in the fourth , but Zambrano retired the next two batters to end the inning . The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the second , but Zambrano struck out Chris Snyder to end the inning .
MILWAUKEE -- Bronson Arroyo and the Cincinnati Reds are finally starting to look like it . Arroyo pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Jay Bruce hit a three - run homer and the Reds beat the Milwaukee Brewers 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Arroyo ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and six hits in 6 2/3 innings , striking out nine and walking one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.75 ERA in his last five starts . Ryan Braun hit a solo homer in the first inning for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Zack Cozart homered for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Marco Estrada ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Bruce hit a three - run homer in the fourth to give the Reds a 5 - 1 lead . Bruce hit a three - run homer in the fourth to give the Reds a 5 - 1 lead . It was the first homer of the season for Bruce , who hit a three - run shot in Tuesday 's 3 - 2 win over the Brewers . Cozart tied it at 1 in the fourth with his 16th homer of the season , a drive into the right - field seats . It was Cozart 's 21st of the season and second in two games . Cozart tied it at 1 in the fourth with his 16th homer of the season , a line drive into the right - field seats . It was Cozart 's 21st of the season and second in the last four games .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Oakland Athletics had a lot of opportunities against the Tampa Bay Rays . Brandon Inge hit a three - run homer , Matt Joyce had three hits and drove in two runs and the A 's beat the Tampa Bay Rays 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . The A 's won for the sixth time in eight games and improved to a major league - best 19 - 8 since the All-Star break . The A 's have won six of seven . Oakland has won six of seven . The A 's have won four of five . Oakland has won six of seven . The Rays have won four of five . Oakland has won six of seven . The Rays have won four of five . Oakland has won six of seven . The Rays have lost four of five . Oakland starter Tommy Milone ( 4 - 2 ) gave up five runs and five hits in five innings . The right - hander struck out one , walked four and hit a batter . Moore ( 1 - 2 ) gave up eight runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . Daric Barton had a two - run double and B. J. Upton added a solo homer in the fifth for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Jonny Gomes had two hits and two RBIs for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Oakland took a 5 - 4 lead in the third on Yoenis Cespedes ' RBI single and a sacrifice fly by Jeff Keppinger . Inge 's sacrifice fly made it 9 - 5 in the seventh .
DETROIT -- Prince Fielder and Adam Dunn hit back - to - back home runs in the first inning , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Prince Fielder and Austin Jackson hit back - to - back homers off Dylan Axelrod ( 0 - 1 ) in the first inning to give the Tigers a 2 - 1 lead . Porcello ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Jose Valverde pitched the ninth for his fifth save in six chances . The White Sox have lost six of seven . Dylan Axelrod ( 0 - 1 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings for Chicago . He struck out four and walked two . The White Sox have lost four of five . Dunn hit a solo homer in the first inning , and Jackson led off the bottom of the first with his fourth homer of the season . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Adam Dunn 's first homer of the year , and Fielder 's solo shot in the third made it 2 - 1 . It was Fielder 's 19th homer of the season . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Adam Dunn 's solo homer and Alejandro De Aza 's leadoff homer in the bottom of the first . Jackson led off the bottom of the first with his fourth homer of the year , and the Tigers added a run in the third on a double - play grounder by Dayan Viciedo . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Porcello got Alejandro De Aza to ground into a double play .
CINCINNATI -- Scott Rolen 's sacrifice fly in the bottom of the 10th inning gave the Cincinnati Reds a 4 - 3 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . The Reds had a chance to win it in the ninth , loading the bases with one out before Ryan Ludwick drew a bases - loaded walk from Rafael Dolis ( 1 - 2 ) . Brandon Phillips grounded out to end the game . Logan Ondrusek ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th inning for the win . Cincinnati 's Ryan Dempster pitched eight innings of three - hit ball , and Starlin Castro hit a solo homer in the first inning for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Cincinnati 's Homer Bailey allowed three runs and nine hits in six innings , leaving with a 3 - 0 lead . Geovany Soto led off the fifth with his first homer of the season , and Bryan LaHair and Starlin Castro also went deep for the Cubs , who have won five of six . The Cubs have lost six of seven . Cincinnati 's Ian Stewart had two hits , extending his hitting streak to a career - high 13 games . The Cubs have lost five of six . The Cubs had a chance to score in the ninth when Ryan Ludwick drew a bases - loaded walk from Carlos Marmol with the bases loaded to force in a run . The Cubs had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Aroldis Chapman struck out pinch - hitter Todd Frazier and Jay Bruce to end the threat . The Cubs had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Aroldis Chapman struck out pinch - hitter Todd Frazier to end it .
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting for the Arizona Diamondbacks to get back to .500 . Trevor Cahill pitched into the eighth inning , Justin Upton had two hits and two RBIs and the Diamondbacks beat the Washington Nationals 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Cahill ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one run and six hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Diamondbacks scored three runs in the seventh off Jordan Zimmermann ( 1 - 2 ) , who allowed four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six , walked one and hit a batter . Justin Upton had two hits and drove in two runs for the Diamondbacks , who have won three of four . Washington has lost six of seven . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . Washington 's Ian Desmond had two hits , including an RBI single off Ryan Mattheus in the eighth . The Nationals had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but David Hernandez got Wilson Ramos to ground into an inning - ending double play . The Nationals had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but David Hernandez got Wilson Ramos to ground into an inning - ending double play . Ryan Mattheus , Bryan Shaw and David Hernandez each got one out in the eighth , and Ryan Perry gave up a run - scoring single to Justin Upton in the ninth . Justin Upton had two hits and drove in two runs for the Nationals , who have lost three of four . Washington 's Paul Goldschmidt went 3 - for - 4 with a double and scored a run for the Nationals , who have lost four of five .
DETROIT -- The Detroit Tigers had a big night at the plate in the first inning , and the Kansas City Royals did n't need much offense . Austin Jackson had a career - high four hits , including a two - run double in the third inning , and the Tigers beat the Kansas City Royals 9 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Tigers have won five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Tigers have lost five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . Royals starter Rick Porcello ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in eight innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Luke Hochevar ( 2 - 2 ) allowed nine runs and 12 hits in four - plus innings for Kansas City . He walked three and struck out two . Alex Gordon 's RBI double in the sixth made it 9 - 3 . Alex Gordon had an RBI double in the sixth , and Jhonny Peralta had an RBI single in the inning . Don Kelly 's RBI single made it 9 - 0 in the fourth , and Jhonny Peralta had an RBI single in the fourth to make it 9 - 0 . Alex Gordon had an RBI double in the sixth to make it 9 - 3 . The Tigers scored five runs in the first inning off Luke Hochevar ( 2 - 2 ) , who allowed a career - high nine runs and a season - high 12 hits in four innings . He walked three and struck out two .
NEW YORK -- Brian Matusz and the Baltimore Orioles finally found a way to beat the New York Yankees . Nick Johnson drove in three runs , Brian Matusz pitched into the seventh inning and the Orioles beat the New York Yankees 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Matusz ( 1 - 3 ) allowed one run and six hits in 6 1/3 innings , striking out four and walking one . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his first six starts against the Yankees this season . Davis had a two - run double in the sixth and a two - run double in the sixth to make it 7 - 1. J. J. Hardy hit a two - run homer off Phil Hughes ( 1 - 4 ) in the third to give the Yankees a 1 - 0 lead . Curtis Granderson hit a solo shot in the second for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Davis hit a two - run double in the sixth to give the Yankees a 6 - 1 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Hughes this season . Davis hit a solo homer in the second and Davis added a two - run shot in the third to give the Yankees a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Hughes , who allowed four runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Davis hit a two - run homer in the third to give the Yankees a 1 - 0 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Hughes in five starts this season . Davis homered in the second to give the Yankees a 1 - 0 lead .
MILWAUKEE -- The Milwaukee Brewers have been waiting for Ryan Braun to come off the disabled list . Braun hit two of Milwaukee 's three home runs , Mike Fiers struck out a career - high 10 in six innings and the Brewers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Braun hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning and added a two - run shot in the fourth to give the Brewers a 5 - 0 lead . Ransom hit a three - run homer in the fourth and Braun added a two - run shot in the fourth to give Milwaukee a 10 - 0 lead . Fiers ( 3 - 2 ) struck out a career - high 10 in six innings , giving up two hits and three walks . He struck out a season - high 10 and walked three . The right - hander had been 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Miley ( 9 - 4 ) gave up eight runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked one and struck out two . Carlos Gomez hit a solo homer in the sixth and Miguel Montero added a solo shot in the ninth for the Brewers , who have won five of six . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . Arizona has lost six of seven . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . Arizona has lost six of seven . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . Arizona has lost six of seven .
BALTIMORE -- The Cleveland Indians are starting to look like themselves . Shin-Soo Choo went 4 - for - 5 with a home run and three RBIs , and the Cleveland Indians beat the Baltimore Orioles 11 - 5 on Tuesday night . Choo went 4 - for - 5 with a homer and three RBIs , and Chris Davis hit a three - run homer for the Indians . Josh Tomlin ( 4 - 5 ) allowed five runs , five earned , and seven hits in six innings for the Indians . The right - hander struck out four , walked three and hit a batter . Cleveland 's Dana Eveland ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He struck out five and walked two . Lopez had a career - high five hits , including a run - scoring single in the fourth and a run - scoring single in the fourth . He also had a run - scoring single in the fourth and a run - scoring single in the fifth . Choo had four hits , including a solo homer , and drove in three runs . Shelley Duncan also homered for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on a run - scoring single by Choo and a run - scoring single by Jason Kipnis . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Choo and a run - scoring single by Lopez . Baltimore went up 5 - 1 in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Choo and a run - scoring single by Lopez .
NEW YORK -- Hiroki Kuroda gave the New York Yankees a much - needed win . Kuroda pitched three - hit ball over seven innings , Robinson Cano homered and the New York Yankees beat the Chicago White Sox 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Kuroda ( 8 - 7 ) allowed three hits in seven innings , struck out a season - high 11 and walked one . The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a sparkling 0.90 ERA in three starts against the White Sox this season . Curtis Granderson and Dewayne Wise hit back - to - back homers in the first inning for the White Sox , who have won four of five . Peavy ( 6 - 5 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in eight innings . He struck out 11 and did not walk a batter . Robinson Cano hit a solo homer in the sixth for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox were shut out for the fourth time this season and second time this season .
MIAMI -- The Miami Marlins have been waiting for a long time to get back to the playoffs . Mark Buehrle pitched seven innings to win for the first time in four starts , Giancarlo Stanton homered and the Miami Marlins beat the Philadelphia Phillies 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Buehrle ( 7 - 8 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Heath Bell pitched the ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Hamels ( 10 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked three . Hunter Pence homered and drove in a run for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Philadelphia went ahead 1 - 0 in the first when Carlos Ruiz led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Shane Victorino . The Marlins tied it in the third on a sacrifice fly by Justin Ruggiano , who had a sacrifice fly . Stanton hit his 21st homer in the first inning , a solo shot to left - center . The Marlins tied it at 1 in the third when Reyes singled , stole second and scored on a sacrifice fly by Shane Victorino . The Marlins took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Stanton and a run - scoring single by Reyes . Stanton 's homer in the first inning was his 21st of the season and second in two nights . Pence hit a solo homer in the seventh to pull the Phillies to 3 - 2 . Hamels allowed three runs and seven hits in seven innings .
PHILADELPHIA -- Vance Worley has been a big part of the Philadelphia Phillies ' rotation . Carlos Ruiz and Ty Wigginton each hit a two - run homer , Vance Bedard pitched six strong innings and the Phillies beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Worley ( 4 - 4 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Erik Bedard ( 4 - 8 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in six innings for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Ruiz had three hits , including a solo homer off Juan Cruz in the eighth . Jonathan Papelbon gave up a solo homer to Michael McKenry in the ninth before finishing for his 18th save . Carlos Ruiz went 3 - for - 4 with a homer and two RBIs for the Pirates , who have lost five of six . Placido Polanco had two hits and drove in a run for the Pirates , who have lost five of six . Placido Polanco had a pinch - hit RBI double in the seventh for the Pirates , who have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost four straight and seven of nine . Pittsburgh has lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost six of seven . Pittsburgh has lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 4 on their nine - game homestand . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 4 on their nine - game homestand . The Pirates have lost four straight and seven of nine . Pittsburgh has lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost six of seven . Pittsburgh has lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost six of seven . Pittsburgh has lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 4 on their nine - game homestand .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals have been waiting for someone to get back in the lineup . Luke Hochevar pitched a seven - hitter for his first career shutout , Eric Hosmer homered and the Royals beat the Tampa Bay Rays 8 - 0 on Tuesday night . Hochevar ( 5 - 7 ) struck out eight and walked one in his second shutout of the season . The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 13.50 ERA in his previous four starts . The right - hander was 0 - 3 in his previous five starts , but the Royals were shut out for the third time this season . The Royals have lost six of seven . Cobb ( 3 - 4 ) gave up eight runs and 13 hits in eight innings . He struck out one and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . The Royals have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . Kansas City has lost six of seven . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . Kansas City has lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . Kansas City has lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Nelson Cruz and the Colorado Rockies finally got to Colby Lewis . Cruz homered twice and drove in four runs , Tyler Colvin had a two - run single and the Rockies beat the Texas Rangers 11 - 7 on Tuesday night . Lewis ( 6 - 6 ) allowed eight runs -- seven earned -- and 12 hits in four - plus innings . He struck out six , walked none and hit a batter . Cruz hit a three - run homer in the fifth and a three - run shot in the fifth to make it 11 - 1 . Cruz hit a two - run homer in the fifth and a solo shot in the fifth to make it 11 - 1 . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Cruz , who hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning of a 6 - 4 win over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Cruz had three hits , including a three - run homer in the fifth that gave the Rockies a 10 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Cruz , who hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning of a 6 - 4 win over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . The Rockies have won five of their last six games . Rex Brothers ( 3 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Colorado starter Josh Outman gave up five runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander struck out three and walked one . Dexter Fowler had three hits , including a solo homer , and drove in a run for the Rangers , who have won five of their last six games . Michael Cuddyer had two hits and drove in two runs for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Texas had a season - high 16 hits , including three in the fifth . The Rockies scored five runs in the fifth to take a 11 - 1 lead . Cruz hit a three - run homer in the fifth and Nieves hit a two - run shot in the fifth to make it 11 - 1 . It was the first homer allowed by Lewis , who allowed eight runs and a career - high 12 hits in four innings . The Rockies scored three runs in the fifth to take a 11 - 1 lead . Michael Young had an RBI single and Adrian Beltre had a run - scoring single for the Rangers .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Roy Oswalt and the Texas Rangers finally got a win . Oswalt pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Adrian Beltre hit a two - run homer and the Rangers beat the Colorado Rockies 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Oswalt ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Joe Nathan pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 18 chances . The Rangers have won five of six and have the best record in the majors at 21 - 11 . The Rockies have lost six of seven and have the best record in the majors at 21 - 11 . Christian Friedrich ( 4 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings for the Rockies . He struck out four and walked one . Mike Napoli hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . The Rockies had a chance to score in the seventh when they loaded the bases with one out , but Oswalt struck out Ian Kinsler and Michael Young to end the threat . The Rockies got a run back in the seventh when Dexter Fowler doubled and scored on a double by Nelson Cruz . The Rangers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Guillermo Moscoso struck out Michael Young to end the threat . The Rockies had a chance to score in the eighth when they loaded the bases with two outs . But Joe Nathan struck out the side for his 16th save in 18 chances . The Rockies had a chance to score in the seventh when pinch - hitter Jonathan Herrera grounded into a double play to end the threat .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox had a chance to take the lead in the eighth inning . Daniel Nava singled in the go - ahead run in the eighth inning , Will Middlebrooks homered and drove in four runs and the Red Sox beat the Miami Marlins 6 - 5 on Tuesday night for their first three - game winning streak of the season . Greg Dobbs had two hits and drove in two runs for the Red Sox , who have won four of five . Giancarlo Stanton homered and drove in a run for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Miami starter Daisuke Matsuzaka gave up four runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Scott Atchison ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Alfredo Aceves pitched a perfect ninth for his 18th save . Edward Mujica ( 0 - 3 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . Middlebrooks had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth that made it 5 - 3 . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Greg Dobbs and a run - scoring single by Omar Infante . Miami took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on Greg Reyes ' two - run single and Greg Dobbs ' two - run single . Greg Dobbs had a two - run single and Omar Infante added an RBI single for a 3 - 0 lead . Miami tied it in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Mike Aviles . Stanton 's solo homer in the sixth made it 5 - 3 , and Middlebrooks hit a two - run homer in the eighth .
PITTSBURGH -- James McDonald and the Pittsburgh Pirates did n't need much offense . McDonald pitched a six - hitter , Andrew McCutchen had three hits and three RBIs and the Pirates beat the Minnesota Twins 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . McDonald ( 6 - 3 ) allowed one run and six hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first complete game of his career . Rod Barajas hit a two - run homer and Garrett Jones added a two - run shot for the Pirates . Liam Hendriks ( 0 - 4 ) gave up six runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in five innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . The Twins have lost six of seven . Minnesota has lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . The Twins have lost six of their past seven games and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . The Twins have lost six of their past seven games . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of their past seven games . The Twins have lost six of their past eight .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Jered Weaver and Ryan Vogelsong combined on a three - hitter , and the Los Angeles Angels ' offense stalled . Weaver pitched six innings of two - hit ball , Alberto Callaspo homered and the Angels beat the San Francisco Giants 6 - 0 on Tuesday night . Weaver ( 7 - 1 ) allowed two hits , struck out three and walked two . The right - hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts , including a 3 - 1 loss at San Francisco on April 26 . The Giants have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . Ryan Vogelsong ( 6 - 3 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Kendrys Morales led off the eighth with a homer off Shane Loux for San Francisco , which has won five of its last six games . Trumbo led off the eighth with a homer off Shane Loux , who was recalled from Triple-A Fresno earlier in the day . Trumbo led off the eighth with his 22nd homer and Bobby Wilson added an RBI double off Shane Loux for the Angels , who have won six of their last seven games . Los Angeles ' Mike Trout had two hits and drove in a run for the Giants , who have lost four of five . The Giants have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games and have lost six of their last seven . The Giants have lost six of their last seven games and have lost six of seven .
DETROIT -- Max Scherzer did n't have his best stuff , and the Detroit Tigers did n't need much offense . Scherzer struck out 12 in eight innings , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Colorado Rockies 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Scherzer ( 6 - 4 ) allowed seven hits , struck out a season - high 12 and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . He struck out 12 and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The right - hander has won his last three starts , allowing only one run in each of his last three starts . The Tigers have lost six of seven and are a season - high 16 games over .500 . Jeremy Guthrie ( 3 - 6 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in three - plus innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Gerald Laird 's two - out RBI double . Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double in the sixth made it 5 - 0 . Ramon Santiago hit a two - run single in the third , and Ramon Santiago hit a two - run single in the third to give the Rockies a 4 - 0 lead . Ramon Santiago hit a two - run single in the third , and Ramon Santiago hit a two - run single in the third to give the Rockies a 4 - 0 lead . Ramon Santiago hit a two - run single in the third , and Ramon Santiago hit a two - run single in the third to make it 4 - 0 .
DETROIT -- Doug Fister did n't have his best stuff , and the Detroit right - hander did n't need much help . Fister pitched three - hit ball into the seventh inning , Miguel Cabrera homered and the Tigers beat the Colorado Rockies 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Fister ( 1 - 3 ) allowed three hits , struck out six and walked one in his third start of the season . The right - hander has allowed only two earned runs in his last three starts . The Tigers have won four of five . Fister gave up three hits , walked one and struck out six . Miguel Cabrera had three hits , including a solo homer , for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Colorado starter Christian Friedrich ( 4 - 3 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out four . The Rockies scored three runs in the fourth to take a 3 - 0 lead . Jackson drew a bases - loaded walk , Jackson drew a bases - loaded walk and Prince Fielder added a sacrifice fly . Prince Fielder 's sacrifice fly in the ninth made it 4 - 1 . The Rockies had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Fister got Chris Nelson to ground into a double play . The Rockies had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Matt Reynolds struck out Brennan Boesch to end the threat . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jackson walked , stole second , took third on a wild pitch and scored on Cabrera 's double - play grounder .
CHICAGO -- Jhonny Peralta 's throwing error in the bottom of the eighth inning helped the Chicago Cubs rally for a 4 - 3 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Jhonny Peralta had a throwing error that allowed a run to score in the eighth , and Austin Jackson tied it with a two - run single in the bottom half . Carlos Marmol ( 1 - 2 ) got the last two outs of the eighth for the win . Shawn Camp pitched the ninth for his first save . Phil Coke ( 1 - 3 ) took the loss , allowing an unearned run and two hits in two - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . Detroit starter Max Scherzer gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked five . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning on Barney 's RBI groundout . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when David DeJesus hit a two - out single and scored on Barney 's groundout . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Steve Clevenger walked , stole second and scored on Ramon Santiago 's two - out pinch - hit single . Cubs starter Paul Maholm struck out seven in six innings , giving up two runs and six hits . He struck out seven and walked one . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Delmon Young singled , stole second and scored on Ramon Santiago 's two - out pinch - hit single . Jackson 's two - run single off Casey Coleman made it 3 - 3 in the seventh .
ATLANTA -- The New York Yankees are on the verge of a playoff berth . Ivan Nova pitched seven strong innings , Raul Ibanez hit a solo homer and the Yankees beat the Atlanta Braves 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Nova ( 8 - 2 ) allowed five hits , struck out six and walked one in his third straight win . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous five starts . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous five starts . The right - hander gave up five hits and struck out six , including the side in the seventh . The Braves have won six of their last seven games . The Braves have lost six of seven . Randall Delgado ( 4 - 6 ) gave up three runs and five hits in five innings . He walked six and struck out five . Robinson Cano had an RBI single in the first and Raul Ibanez led off the second with a homer to give the Yankees a 2 - 0 lead . The Yankees added a run in the third when Nick Swisher walked , stole second , moved to third on a groundout and scored on Robinson Cano 's single to center . The Yankees had runners on first and second with no outs in the third , but Nova escaped the jam by striking out Brian McCann and Russell Martin . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Alex Rodriguez 's double and a run - scoring single by Robinson Cano . Atlanta 's Derek Jeter extended his hitting streak to a career - high 13 games with a single in the first . He was replaced by pinch - runner Matt Diaz .
ST. LOUIS -- Kyle Lohse has been the St. Louis Cardinals ' Opening Day starter . Lohse pitched three - hit ball into the eighth inning , Carlos Beltran homered and the Cardinals beat the Cleveland Indians 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Lohse ( 6 - 1 ) allowed three hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Jason Motte pitched the ninth for his 11th save . Justin Masterson ( 2 - 6 ) gave up one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . Carlos Beltran hit a solo homer in the third for the Indians , who have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . Cleveland has lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . Cleveland has lost four of five . The Indians have lost four of five . Cleveland has lost four of five . The Indians have lost four of five . Cleveland has lost four of five . The Indians have lost four of five . Cleveland has lost four of five . The Indians have lost four of five . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . Cleveland has lost four of five . The Indians have been shut out three times this season and have been shut out three times in their last four games . The Cardinals have lost six of their last seven games and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . Shane Robinson doubled and scored on Rafael Furcal 's sacrifice fly in the eighth to make it 2 - 0 . Beltran went 3 - for - 4 with a homer and two RBIs .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Francisco Giants are on the verge of a playoff spot . Matt Cain pitched seven strong innings , Buster Posey hit a solo homer and the San Francisco Giants beat the San Diego Padres 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Cain ( 7 - 2 ) allowed three unearned runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked one . The Giants have won six of their last seven games . San Diego 's Angel Pagan hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning off Jason Marquis ( 2 - 5 ) , who allowed four runs -- two earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Buster Posey hit a solo homer and Gregor Blanco also went deep for the Giants , who have won four of five . San Diego has won four of five . The Giants have lost six of seven . San Diego has lost four of five . The Padres have lost six of seven . San Diego , which has lost four of five , has lost four of five . The Padres have lost six of seven . San Diego , which has lost four of five , has lost four of five . The Padres have lost six of seven . San Diego , which has lost four of five , has lost four of five . The Padres have lost six of seven . San Diego 's Brandon Belt added an RBI single in the ninth . Santiago Casilla got the final four outs for his 15th save in 16 chances . Marquis ( 2 - 5 ) allowed four runs -- two earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels have been waiting for Mark Trumbo to hit with the bases loaded and one out in the fifth inning . Trumbo homered twice and drove in four runs , Garrett Richards pitched seven strong innings and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Seattle Mariners 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Trumbo went 4 - for - 4 with a homer and four RBIs , and Torii Hunter and Michael Saunders also went deep for the Angels , who have won four of five . Richards ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings , struck out eight and walked two . The right - hander was 0 - 2 in his first five starts with the Angels , who acquired him in a trade with the Los Angeles Angels in the offseason . The right - hander , who signed a $ 125 million , six - year contract with the Angels in December , struck out eight and walked two in his first start of the season . Jason Isringhausen worked a 1 - 2 - 3 eighth , and Jordan Walden pitched the ninth for the Angels , who have won four of five . Blake Beavan ( 3 - 5 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits over five innings in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained right shoulder . The right - hander was charged with six runs and 10 hits in five innings , struck out two and walked none . The Angels have lost five of their last six games and have n't won consecutive games since a three - game winning streak from July 26 - 29 . The Angels have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game West Coast trip .
PHILADELPHIA -- Elian Herrera 's two - out , two - run double in the eighth inning gave the Los Angeles Dodgers a 2 - 1 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Elian Herrera 's two - out , two - run double in the eighth inning gave the Dodgers a 2 - 1 lead . Billingsley ( 3 - 4 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings , striking out three and walking one . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth for his eighth save . Lee ( 0 - 3 ) struck out 12 in 7 2/3 innings , allowing two runs and six hits with one walk and a season - high 12 strikeouts . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Phillies have lost four straight and eight of 10 . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place Los Angeles Dodgers in the NL East . Billingsley ( 3 - 4 ) allowed a run and six hits in seven innings , striking out three and walking one . He has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . The Phillies have won five of their last six games . Lee ( 0 - 3 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out 12 and walked one . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Hunter Pence 's RBI single . Hunter Pence drove in Philadelphia 's only run with a two - out single in the first . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jimmy Rollins ' two - out double and a run - scoring single by Hunter Pence .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros have n't been able to get back to Minute Maid Park since the All-Star break . Justin Maxwell hit a two - run homer , Rafael Furcal added a two - run shot and the Astros held on for a 9 - 8 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Jose Altuve had four hits and scored three runs for the Astros , who have won four of five . Houston starter Lucas Harrell ( 5 - 4 ) allowed eight hits and four runs -- three earned -- in six innings . He struck out one and did n't walk a batter . Brett Myers got two outs for his 14th save . Matt Adams hit a three - run homer for the Cardinals . Brian Garcia ( 3 - 4 ) gave up six runs and five hits in two innings for St. Louis . He walked two and struck out two . Chris Snyder had a two - run single in the first inning for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Brian Bogusevic hit a solo homer in the fourth for St. Louis , which has lost four of five . The Cardinals scored four runs in the first inning to take a 4 - 1 lead . Altuve doubled with one out and scored on a single by Chris Johnson to push the lead to 4 - 1 . Chris Snyder followed with a two - run single to push the lead to 4 - 1 . Maxwell 's two - run homer in the second inning made it 6 - 1 . It was the first home run allowed by Garcia in five starts this season . Brian Bogusevic hit his first homer of the season in the fourth to cut the lead to 6 - 4 . Brian Bogusevic hit his first homer of the season in the fourth for the Cardinals .
HOUSTON -- Justin Maxwell 's two - run pinch - hit homer in the seventh inning gave the Houston Astros a 5 - 3 win over the Cincinnati Reds on Friday night . Maxwell 's pinch - hit , two - run homer in the seventh inning gave the Astros a 5 - 2 lead . It was the first pinch - hit homer of Maxwell 's career . Maxwell 's pinch - hit , two - run homer in the seventh inning gave the Astros a 5 - 2 lead . Houston starter Jordan Lyles ( 1 - 1 ) allowed five hits and two runs with three strikeouts in seven innings . Brett Myers pitched a perfect ninth for his 13th save . Bronson Arroyo ( 2 - 4 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings for the Reds . He struck out four and walked one . Zack Cozart hit a two - run homer in the third inning and Marwin Gonzalez singled in a run in the fifth to give the Reds a 2 - 1 lead . Jason Castro hit a sacrifice fly in the second inning to give the Reds a 1 - 0 lead . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning when Chris Johnson led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Jordan Schafer . The Reds tied it in the third when Brett Wallace doubled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Marwin Gonzalez . Cincinnati tied it in the bottom of the inning when Cozart hit a two - run homer to left field to give the Astros a 2 - 1 lead . Cincinnati tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Marwin Gonzalez .
PHILADELPHIA -- Carlos Zambrano and the rest of the Miami Marlins did n't need much offense . Zambrano hit his first home run of the season , Jose Reyes had a two - run double and the Miami Marlins beat the Philadelphia Phillies 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Zambrano ( 4 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Heath Bell got the final two outs for his 12th save . Joe Blanton ( 4 - 6 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in six - plus innings for the Phillies . Hanley Ramirez hit a solo homer for the Phillies , who have lost five of six . Philadelphia has lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Phillies have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Phillies have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Phillies have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 - 7 since the All-Star break .
DETROIT -- The New York Yankees are finally starting to come out of the AL Central race . Phil Hughes pitched a four - hitter for his first career complete game , Alex Rodriguez homered and the Yankees beat the Detroit Tigers 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Hughes ( 5 - 5 ) allowed one run and four hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out eight and walked three in his second complete game of the season . Prince Fielder and Alex Rodriguez hit back - to - back homers in the third for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Verlander ( 5 - 4 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out four . The Yankees have lost four of five . Jeter hit a leadoff homer in the first inning , and Rodriguez homered in the third to make it 3 - 0 . Robinson Cano 's RBI triple in the fifth made it 5 - 1 and chased Verlander , who allowed five runs -- three earned -- and nine hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He walked four and struck out four . The Yankees have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Yankees have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . Detroit 's Miguel Cabrera went 0 - for - 3 with a walk , ending his career - best hitting streak at 20 games -- the longest active streak in the majors . He is hitting .318 with two homers and eight RBIs .
CHICAGO -- The Seattle Mariners were in the midst of a miserable road trip . John Jaso doubled in the go - ahead run in the 12th inning , and the Seattle Mariners rallied for a 10 - 8 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . John Jaso had an RBI double in the 12th , and Chone Figgins added an RBI single off Addison Reed ( 0 - 1 ) . Beckham had three hits , including a two - run homer in the fifth that gave the Mariners a 5 - 3 lead . It was Beckham 's fourth homer of the season and second in two days . It was the third time this season the Mariners have hit back - to - back home runs . Beckham had three hits , including a two - run homer in the fifth that gave the Mariners a 5 - 3 lead . It was Beckham 's fourth homer of the season and second in two days . He also had a two - run double in the eighth . Tom Wilhelmsen ( 2 - 1 ) pitched three scoreless innings for the win . Hisashi Iwakuma pitched a scoreless 12th for his second save . The White Sox took a 7 - 6 lead in the eighth on Brendan Ryan 's two - run double and Dayan Viciedo 's solo homer in the eighth off Brandon League . It was the second time this season the Mariners have hit back - to - back homers . The White Sox tied it at 7 in the eighth on a two - run homer by Michael Saunders and a two - run shot by Ichiro Suzuki , but the White Sox tied it in the bottom half on a two - run homer by Beckham . It was the second time this season the Mariners have hit back - to - back home runs . The White Sox tied it at 7 in the seventh on a two - run homer by A. J. Pierzynski and a two - run shot by Saunders , who had four hits and drove in two runs . Seattle starter Gavin Floyd allowed five runs and nine hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked none .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Mike Trout and Albert Pujols hit back - to - back homers in the fourth inning , leading the Los Angeles Angels to a 6 - 2 victory over the Texas Rangers on Friday night . Trout hit a two - run homer in the sixth and Pujols added a solo shot in the sixth to give the Angels a 6 - 0 lead . Weaver ( 14 - 1 ) allowed two runs and five hits over 6 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Angels have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Rangers have won 10 of their last 13 games against the Rangers , who have the best record in the American League . Derek Holland ( 7 - 6 ) lost his third straight start , allowing six runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . Pujols ' homer in the fourth was his second of the game , and Trout 's two - run shot in the sixth gave the Angels a 4 - 0 lead . Trout hit a two - run homer in the sixth , and Hunter added a two - run double in the seventh . Torii Hunter had a two - run double in the seventh , and David Murphy had a two - run double in the seventh for the Angels , who have won five of their last six games . Matt Harrison ( 5 - 5 ) allowed five runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings for Texas . The right - hander struck out five and walked two . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games to fall to .500 for the first time since they were 6 - 2 on July 26 . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost six of seven .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox did n't need much offense against Justin Verlander . Verlander ( 11 - 7 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in five innings , striking out six and walking four . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a bases - loaded walk to Jacoby Ellsbury and a run - scoring single by Pedro Ciriaco . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Miguel Cabrera 's bases - loaded walk . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI single by Carl Crawford , but the Tigers tied it in the bottom half on a run - scoring single by Pedro Ciriaco and a run - scoring single by Jacoby Ellsbury . Detroit took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI single by Pedro Ciriaco and a run - scoring single by Jacoby Ellsbury . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Omar Infante led off with a double , took third on a single by Jarrod Saltalamacchia and scored on a single by Pedro Ciriaco . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI single by Carl Crawford , but the Red Sox tied it in the bottom half on a run - scoring single by Pedro Ciriaco and a bases - loaded walk to Jacoby Ellsbury . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI single by Pedro Ciriaco , but the Red Sox tied it in the bottom half on Jacoby Ellsbury 's bases - loaded walk . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI single by Pedro Ciriaco .
BALTIMORE -- Matt Wieters hit a three - run homer , Omar Quintanilla also went deep and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Oakland Athletics 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Chen ( 9 - 6 ) allowed an unearned run and three hits in 5 2/3 innings , walking four and striking out a season - high 12 . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last four starts . The right - hander was 0 - 3 in his previous five starts . The right - hander was 0 - 3 in his previous five starts . The right - hander gave up three hits and four walks in 5 2/3 innings , striking out a season - high 12 . Luis Ayala worked the eighth and Darren O'Day worked the eighth . Travis Blackley ( 3 - 3 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings for the A 's , who have lost five of six . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the third when J. J. Hardy led off with a double and scored on a double by Yoenis Cespedes . Wieters hit a three - run homer in the third to give the Orioles a 4 - 0 lead . In the fifth , Adam Jones doubled in a run and Wieters hit a two - run homer for a 4 - 0 lead . Quintanilla homered in the sixth for a 6 - 1 lead . It was his first home run since May 21 . Quintanilla homered in the sixth to make it 6 - 1 . Chen allowed five runs , five hits and four walks in five innings .
CHICAGO -- Anthony Rizzo 's first home run of the season was a two - run shot in the 10th inning that lifted the Chicago Cubs to a 4 - 2 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Rizzo hit a two - run homer off Shawn Camp in the 10th inning to give the Cubs a 4 - 2 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Rizzo had three hits , including a two - run homer in the ninth off Trevor Rosenthal ( 0 - 1 ) that gave the Cubs a 4 - 2 lead . Carlos Beltran hit a tying homer in the eighth off Shawn Camp to tie the game at 2 . Carlos Beltran hit a tying homer off Shawn Camp in the eighth . Starlin Castro singled with one out in the 10th off Trevor Rosenthal ( 0 - 1 ) , and Rizzo followed with a drive into the left - field bleachers . It was the first game - ending homer of Rizzo 's career . The Cubs have won five of their past six games and have won six of their past seven games . Joe Mather and Tyler Greene each drove in a run for St. Louis . James Russell ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . The Cardinals have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 against the Cubs this season . St. Louis starter Adam Wainwright gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . St. Louis went ahead 2 - 0 in the first when David DeJesus doubled and scored on Tyler Greene 's sacrifice fly . The Cardinals tied it in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Tyler Greene .
ATLANTA -- Mike Minor had a simple explanation for his strong start . Minor pitched eight strong innings , Chase Utley hit a solo homer and the Atlanta Braves beat the Philadelphia Phillies 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Minor ( 6 - 7 ) allowed four hits and one run in eight innings . He struck out nine and walked none . Craig Kimbrel struck out two in a perfect ninth for his 30th save . Joe Blanton ( 8 - 9 ) gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Jason Heyward had two hits and drove in a run for the Phillies , who have lost five of six . Philadelphia has lost four of five . The Phillies have lost four straight and seven of nine . Philadelphia has lost four of five . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Philadelphia has lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Philadelphia has lost four of five . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Philadelphia has lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Philadelphia has lost four of five . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Philadelphia has lost four of five . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Utley 's homer in the fourth gave the Braves a 2 - 1 lead . It was Utley 's fourth homer of the season and second in two games . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Martin Prado led off with a double and scored on Heyward 's single to right . Heyward 's RBI single made it 2 - 0 in the third .
NEW YORK -- The New York Yankees are on the verge of a playoff spot in the AL East . Curtis Granderson homered and drove in four runs , Phil Hughes pitched seven strong innings and the New York Yankees beat the Boston Red Sox 10 - 3 on Tuesday night . Carl Crawford and Russell Martin each hit a two - run homer for the Red Sox , who have won five of six . Raul Ibanez hit a two - run homer for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Hughes ( 10 - 8 ) allowed three runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Hughes ( 10 - 8 ) gave up a solo homer to Dustin Pedroia in the first inning and a solo shot to Jarrod Saltalamacchia in the fourth . He allowed three runs and five hits in seven innings , striking out five and walking one . Cody Eppley , Andrew Miller and David Robertson each pitched a scoreless inning to finish the five - hitter . Aaron Cook ( 2 - 4 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in four innings for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Granderson hit a three - run homer in the eighth off Mark Melancon , who was making his major league debut . Granderson hit a three - run homer off Mark Melancon in the eighth to make it 10 - 3 . Granderson hit a three - run homer off Mark Melancon in the eighth to make it 10 - 3 . Martin hit a two - run shot off Mark Melancon in the eighth to make it 10 - 3 . Granderson hit a three - run homer in the eighth to make it 10 - 3 .
ST. LOUIS -- The St. Louis Cardinals ' bullpen could n't hold it . Rafael Furcal hit a game - ending single with two outs in the 12th inning , lifting the Cardinals to a 3 - 2 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Tuesday night . Rafael Salas ( 1 - 3 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Jamey Wright ( 4 - 3 ) took the loss , allowing one run and three hits in 1 1/3 innings . Rafael Furcal singled in pinch - runner Joe Kelly with the winning run with one out in the 12th against Scott Elbert . Rafael Furcal singled in pinch - runner Joe Kelly with the winning run in the ninth . Furcal 's RBI single off Scott Elbert in the sixth tied it at 2 , but the Cardinals tied it in the sixth on a two - out RBI single by Hanley Ramirez . Dodgers starter Aaron Harang gave up two runs and two hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked four . Lohse gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on James Loney 's sacrifice fly . David Freese hit a two - out double in the bottom half and scored on Ramirez 's two - out single to give the Dodgers a 2 - 1 lead . The Cardinals tied it in the sixth on Ramirez 's two - out RBI single . Ramirez 's RBI single in the sixth tied the game 2 - all . The Cardinals had a chance to add to the lead in the ninth when Matt Carpenter singled with one out and went to third on a wild pitch . But Holliday grounded out to end the inning .
PITTSBURGH -- The Pittsburgh Pirates are n't sure how to get back into the postseason . Anthony Rizzo and Michael McKenry hit back - to - back home runs , Kevin Correia pitched six strong innings and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Chicago Cubs 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Neil Walker and Michael McKenry also homered for the Pirates , who have won four of five . The Pirates have won four of five . Correia ( 8 - 6 ) gave up two runs and four hits in six innings , striking out four and walking two . Joel Hanrahan pitched a perfect ninth for his 29th save in 31 opportunities . Ryan Dempster ( 5 - 5 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings for Chicago . He struck out six and did not walk a batter for the second time in his last four starts . Rizzo hit a solo homer in the first inning and a two - out RBI single in the third to give the Pirates a 3 - 2 lead . The Pirates took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on Garrett Jones ' two - out RBI double . The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the inning when McKenry hit a solo home run , his first of the season . The Pirates took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on Rizzo 's two - out , two - run homer . The Pirates tied it in the third when Walker hit his 14th home run of the season . It was the first home run of the season for Walker , who hit a two - run shot in Tuesday 's 6 - 4 win over the Chicago Cubs . The Pirates took a 2 - 1 lead in the third when David DeJesus doubled and scored on a single by Garrett Jones .
HOUSTON -- Cincinnati manager Dusty Baker was impressed with his team 's offense . Todd Frazier had three hits and drove in two runs , Ryan Ludwick had three hits and drove in two runs , and the Reds beat the Houston Astros 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Cincinnati has won six of seven . The Reds have won six of their last seven games . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . Houston starter Wandy Rodriguez ( 7 - 9 ) yielded seven hits and three runs in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . Latos ( 8 - 3 ) allowed eight hits and two runs with three strikeouts and two walks in five innings . The Astros scored three runs in the third inning to take a 3 - 0 lead . Ludwick had an RBI double and scored on a single by Chris Heisey to make it 3 - 0 . The Astros added two more runs in the fifth on an RBI double by Frazier and a run - scoring double by Marwin Gonzalez . The Astros added a run in the seventh on an RBI double by Scott Rolen and a run - scoring single by Ryan Hanigan . The Astros added three runs in the eighth off Wesley Wright . Enerio Del Rosario gave up a run - scoring single to Jay Bruce and a run - scoring single to Marwin Gonzalez , who was called up from Triple-A Oklahoma City earlier in the day . Frazier doubled in a run in the eighth and scored on a single by Ryan Hanigan to push the lead to 8 - 2 . Ryan Hanigan had an RBI single in the eighth to make it 8 - 2 .
NEW YORK -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are on the verge of a playoff spot . Juan Uribe hit a two - run homer , Chris Capuano pitched seven effective innings and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the New York Mets 8 - 5 on Tuesday night . James Loney had an RBI single in the first inning and a two - run homer in the ninth for Los Angeles , which has won four of five . Capuano ( 10 - 5 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth for his 18th save . Miguel Batista ( 1 - 3 ) allowed four runs and five hits in three innings . He walked three and struck out two . Uribe hit a two - run homer off Ronald Belisario in the ninth . It was Uribe 's third homer in two games and his first since Aug. 1 . Uribe hit a two - run homer off Ronald Belisario in the ninth . It was Uribe 's third homer of the season and second in two days . He has four RBIs in his last three games . The Mets scored twice in the first inning off Miguel Batista ( 1 - 3 ) . James Loney hit an RBI single and Matt Kemp followed with a two - out RBI triple to make it 4 - 2 . Ronny Cedeno hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Mets , who have lost five of six . The Mets have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven .
WASHINGTON -- Paul Janish singled in the go - ahead run in the 11th inning and the Atlanta Braves rallied for a 11 - 10 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . Paul Janish singled home the go - ahead run in the 11th inning , and the Braves rallied from a five - run deficit to beat the Washington Nationals 11 - 10 on Tuesday night . Dan Uggla had three hits and scored four runs for the Braves , who have won four of five . Atlanta 's Stephen Strasburg gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out five . Washington 's Tommy Hanson gave up eight runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . He walked four and struck out five . Michael Morse hit a three - run homer in the first inning and Brian McCann added a two - run shot in the sixth for a 7 - 0 lead . Danny Espinosa hit a solo homer in the ninth off Craig Kimbrel , who blew a save for the third time in 30 chances this season . Paul Janish singled in a run in the bottom of the 11th , and Chipper Jones followed with a two - run single to make it 9 - 9 . The Nationals scored two runs in the ninth off Tyler Clippard , who blew a save for the first time in 13 chances . Paul Janish singled , stole second and scored on a two - out single by Freddie Freeman , who had three hits . Paul Janish followed with an RBI single , and Michael Bourn hit a two - run triple off Tom Gorzelanny ( 2 - 2 ) , who was making his major league debut . Eric O'Flaherty ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th inning for the win . Chad Durbin pitched a perfect 11th for his first save . The Braves scored three runs in the fourth to take a 9 - 0 lead . Zimmerman hit a three - run homer off Strasburg , who allowed eight hits and three walks in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three .
CLEVELAND -- Jim Thome was n't sure what to expect from the Cleveland Indians . Thome homered and had three hits , Miguel Gonzalez pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Cleveland Indians 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Jim Thome homered and Mark Reynolds had a two - run double for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Gonzalez ( 2 - 1 ) allowed two runs and seven hits over 6 2/3 innings . The right - hander struck out five and walked two . Ryan Flaherty hit a three - run homer , and Asdrubal Cabrera and Jack Hannahan also went deep for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Lowe , who had n't allowed more than three earned runs in any of his previous five starts , gave up a season - high nine runs and seven hits in three innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his last five starts . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Lowe ( 8 - 8 ) gave up seven runs and seven hits in three innings . He walked five and hit two batters . The Indians have lost five of six and are 1 - 4 on their nine - game homestand . The Indians have lost five of six and are 1 - 4 on their nine - game homestand . The Indians have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Progressive Field since July 24 - 26 , 2011 . The Indians have lost seven of their last 10 games .
SAN DIEGO -- Edinson Volquez had a no - hitter in his first career shutout and the San Diego Padres beat the Houston Astros 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Volquez ( 6 - 7 ) pitched a one - hitter for his first career no - hitter , and the San Diego Padres beat the Houston Astros 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . The Padres have won four of five . Volquez allowed one hit and three walks while striking out five . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous five starts . The Astros have won four of five . Volquez allowed one hit and struck out five in his second career shutout . The Astros have won four of five . Volquez allowed one hit and struck out five in his second career shutout and second this season . It was the second time in his last five starts that he pitched a no - hitter . The Astros have won four of their last five games . Houston 's Lucas Harrell ( 7 - 7 ) gave up one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Astros have lost six of their last seven games . The Astros have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Astros have lost six of their last seven games . The Astros have lost six of their last seven games . Houston 's Logan Forsythe had an RBI single in the first , but the Astros did n't get another hit until the sixth inning . The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Wesley Wright came on to strike out Gonzalez .
CINCINNATI -- Brandon Phillips had a chance to get his first career hit , a two - run double in the seventh inning that gave the Cincinnati Reds a 7 - 6 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday night . Phillips had a two - run double in the seventh inning and a two - run double in the seventh that gave the Reds a 6 - 0 lead . Phillips had a two - run double in the seventh off Bryan Shaw ( 1 - 4 ) , who gave up four runs -- two earned -- in one - third of an inning . Alfredo Simon ( 2 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings of relief for the win . Aroldis Chapman struck out two in a perfect ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . The Reds have won six of their last seven games . The Diamondbacks have won six of their last seven games . The Diamondbacks have lost seven of their last 10 games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park since the start of the 2003 season . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . Arizona 's Mike Leake gave up a season - high six runs and 11 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out two . Paul Goldschmidt had two hits and drove in a run for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Hill had a run - scoring single in the first inning and a two - run homer in the sixth off Mike Hernandez that made it 6 - 0 . Phillips hit a two - run shot off David Hernandez in the sixth , his third homer of the season and first since July 8 . The Diamondbacks added a run in the seventh on Wilson Valdez 's RBI groundout and Todd Frazier 's RBI single .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Felix Hernandez had his first complete game of the season and the Seattle Mariners beat the Kansas City Royals 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Hernandez ( 8 - 5 ) gave up one run and eight hits in eight innings , striking out three and walking one . The right - hander has allowed one run or fewer in eight of his 11 starts this season . The Mariners have won six of their past seven games , and the Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . Smith ( 1 - 3 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Montero hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added an RBI double in the seventh . Montero had three hits and drove in four runs for the Mariners , who have won four of five . Montero hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a run - scoring single in the fifth . He also had an RBI double in the seventh . Montero had three hits , including a run - scoring double in the seventh . He also had an RBI double in the seventh . Montero hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a run - scoring single in the fifth . He also had an RBI double in the seventh . Montero had two doubles and a sacrifice fly in the ninth .
BOSTON -- Cody Ross and the Boston Red Sox did n't need much offense . Ross hit a pair of three - run homers , Felix Doubront pitched six strong innings and the Red Sox beat the Chicago White Sox 10 - 1 on Tuesday night . Ross hit a three - run homer in the third inning and a three - run shot in the fourth , giving him four homers in the last two games . He also had a career - high six RBIs . Ross ( 10 - 4 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked three . Doubront ( 10 - 4 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked three . Doubront ( 10 - 1 ) gave up a season - high eight runs on a season - high 12 hits in four innings . He struck out two , walked one and hit a batter . Adrian Gonzalez hit a solo homer and drove in four runs for the White Sox , who have lost three of four . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost six of seven .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals finally got a chance to win the game . Casper Wells hit a two - run homer , Jesus Montero had a two - run single and the Royals beat the Seattle Mariners 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Billy Butler led off the bottom of the ninth with a home run off Josh Kinney ( 0 - 1 ) , who was making his major league debut . It was Butler 's second career game - ending homer and the first of his career . It was the first walkoff homer of the season for Butler , who had three hits . Greg Holland ( 4 - 2 ) worked a perfect ninth for the win . Lorenzo Cain hit a two - run homer and Kyle Seager added a two - run shot for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven .
CHICAGO -- Carlos Lee and the Miami Marlins are doing their best . Lee homered and drove in four runs , Omar Infante hit a two - run homer and the Miami Marlins beat the Chicago Cubs 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Lee hit a three - run homer in the fifth inning and added a three - run shot in the fifth to give the Marlins a 7 - 0 lead . Hanley Ramirez homered for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Sanchez ( 5 - 6 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Heath Bell pitched a perfect eighth and Randy Choate got the final three outs . Travis Wood ( 4 - 4 ) gave up eight runs -- eight earned -- and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . Lee hit a three - run homer off Sanchez in the fifth and added a three - run shot in the fifth to make it 8 - 2 . Infante hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . It was the first homer allowed by Wood in his last five starts . The Marlins scored three times in the fourth to take a 3 - 0 lead . Lee led off with a double and scored on Austin Kearns ' single . Infante hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Marlins a 3 - 0 lead . It was the first homer for Infante , who hit a two - run shot in the fourth to give the Marlins a 3 - 0 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Wood in his last five starts . The Marlins added a run in the sixth on Baker 's RBI single .
BOSTON -- Adrian Gonzalez hit a tiebreaking grand slam in the eighth inning , and the Boston Red Sox beat the Chicago White Sox 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer off Leyson Septimo ( 0 - 1 ) in the eighth to give Boston a 4 - 1 lead , and the Red Sox won for the seventh time in eight games . The White Sox have won four of five . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer off Nate Jones in the eighth to give Boston a 4 - 1 lead . It was the second time this season the Red Sox have hit back - to - back homers . Vicente Padilla ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win and Alfredo Aceves pitched a scoreless eighth . Axelrod allowed one run and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out a career - high eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Kevin Youkilis led off with a double and scored on a single by Pedro Ciriaco . The White Sox tied it in the bottom half on Gonzalez 's RBI single . The White Sox tied it in the bottom half when Carl Crawford led off with a single , stole second and scored on a single by Pedro Ciriaco . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Cody Ross doubled , took third on a wild pitch and scored on a wild pitch . Boston starter Aaron Cook allowed five hits and an unearned run in seven innings , striking out none and walking none .
SEATTLE -- Matt Harrison has been a big part of the Texas Rangers ' rotation . Harrison pitched a five - hitter and Adrian Beltre had three hits and drove in two runs , leading the Rangers to a 4 - 0 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . Harrison ( 12 - 4 ) allowed five hits , walked four and struck out three in his first complete game of the season . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 2.87 ERA in his last five starts . The Rangers have won five of their last six games . Ian Kinsler homered for the Mariners , who have lost three of four . Hisashi Iwakuma ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings for the Mariners , who have lost five of six . The Mariners have lost six of seven . Seattle has lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Mariners were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Mariners were shut out for the third time this season . Seattle has lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven . Seattle has lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . Seattle has lost six of seven . The Mariners were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Mariners were shut out for the third time this season .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Chicago White Sox could n't get anything going against the Kansas City Royals ' bullpen . Gordon Beckham doubled in the go - ahead run in the 14th inning , and the White Sox rallied to beat the Kansas City Royals 9 - 8 on Tuesday night . The White Sox trailed 5 - 3 in the fifth before rallying for a 7 - 6 lead in the eighth . Alex Gordon 's two - out , two - run single off Jonathan Broxton tied it at 7 , but the White Sox tied it in the bottom half on Gordon Beckham 's RBI double and Kevin Youkilis ' sacrifice fly . Jeff Francoeur had three hits , including a solo homer , and drove in a run for the Royals , who have won four of five . Dylan Axelrod ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Addison Reed gave up a run in the bottom of the ninth , but the White Sox tied it in the bottom half on Gordon Beckham 's RBI double and A. J. Pierzynski 's two - out single . The White Sox tied it 7 - all in the eighth on Alcides Escobar 's two - out , two - run triple off Nate Jones . The Royals tied it at 6 in the eighth on a two - out , two - run triple by Alcides Escobar . The White Sox tied it 7 - all in the eighth on Gordon Beckham 's two - out RBI double . The White Sox tied it 7 - all in the eighth on a two - run homer by Dayan Viciedo . The Royals tied it at 7 in the eighth on an RBI single by A. J. Pierzynski , who had four hits and drove in a run .
PHOENIX -- The Arizona Diamondbacks have been waiting for the Arizona Diamondbacks to get back to .500 . Trevor Cahill pitched seven strong innings , Jerry Hairston Jr. hit a two - run homer and the Diamondbacks beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Cahill ( 7 - 7 ) allowed three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . J. J. Putz pitched the ninth for his 16th save . Chad Billingsley ( 4 - 9 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings for Los Angeles . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Ellis hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Chad Billingsley ( 4 - 9 ) to give the Diamondbacks a 2 - 0 lead . Gerardo Parra had a two - run double in the fifth to put Arizona up 3 - 2 , but Ellis homered off Josh Lindblom in the seventh to cut the lead to 4 - 3 . Kubel added a solo shot off Josh Lindblom in the eighth , his 16th of the season . Kubel added a solo shot in the eighth off Josh Lindblom . It was the first homer for Hairston , who hit a three - run shot in the Dodgers ' 3 - 2 win over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Tuesday night . Kubel added a solo shot off Josh Lindblom in the eighth , his 16th of the season . It was the second time this season the Diamondbacks have hit back - to - back home runs . Ellis , who hit a two - run homer in the first inning Friday night , added a solo shot in the seventh .
NEW YORK -- Anthony Rizzo and the New York Mets are on a roll . Rizzo hit a tiebreaking three - run homer in the fifth inning and the Chicago Cubs beat the New York Mets 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Reed Johnson had four hits , including a leadoff homer , and Travis Wood ( 4 - 3 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings for the Cubs , who have won four of five . The Mets have won five of six and are a season - high 16 games over .500 . Santana ( 6 - 5 ) gave up a career - high 13 hits , including three homers , in 4 2/3 innings . He walked none and struck out six . Lucas Duda and Jeff Baker homered for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Mets starter Travis Wood ( 4 - 3 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Mets scored three times in the fifth to take a 7 - 2 lead . Johnson led off with a double and scored on Joe Mather 's sacrifice fly . Rizzo hit a three - run homer in the fifth , and Jeff Baker added a solo shot in the fifth to give the Mets a 5 - 2 lead . It was the first homer for Rizzo , who had a career - high four hits , including a three - run homer in the fifth that gave the Cubs a 5 - 2 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Santana this season , and the first of his career . Johnson led off the fifth with a double and scored on Ronny Cedeno 's double to right - center . Johnson led off the fifth with a double and scored on Joe Mather 's sacrifice fly .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Mike Trout and the Los Angeles Angels are getting contributions from their offense . Trout scored the go - ahead run on a wild pitch in the bottom of the fourth inning , and the Angels rallied to beat the Baltimore Orioles 9 - 7 on Tuesday night . Trout had two sacrifice flies and a sacrifice fly , and Kendrys Morales had three hits and three RBIs for the Angels , who have won five of six . Trout had a pair of sacrifice flies for the Angels , who have won four of five . Trout had a pair of sacrifice flies for the Orioles , who have won four of five . LaTroy Hawkins ( 2 - 1 ) got the last two outs in the fourth for the win . Ernesto Frieri pitched the ninth for his 11th save in 13 chances . Matt Wieters hit a three - run homer and Ryan Flaherty also went deep for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore starter Jake Arrieta gave up six runs and five hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander struck out three and walked three . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Jim Thome and a run - scoring single by Wieters . The Angels tied it in the bottom half on a run - scoring double by Howie Kendrick and a run - scoring single by Jim Thome . The Angels tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Trout , who had two sacrifice flies . The Angels tied it at 4 in the fourth on an RBI single by Erick Aybar and a run - scoring single by Jim Thome .
PHOENIX -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have been waiting for the Arizona Diamondbacks to find a way to win . Elian Herrera hit a solo homer in the seventh inning , Nathan Eovaldi pitched six solid innings and the Dodgers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Dodgers manager Don Mattingly was ejected in the seventh inning for arguing a called third strike . Elian Herrera hit a solo homer in the seventh for Los Angeles . Eovaldi ( 1 - 5 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked three . Kenley Jansen struck out the side in the ninth for his 15th save . Wade Miley ( 9 - 5 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings , striking out four and walking two . Scott Van Slyke hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Diamondbacks , who have lost five of six . The Diamondbacks had a chance to score in the first when Mark Ellis led off with a double and scored on Stephen Drew 's single . Juan Rivera followed with an RBI double , and A. J. Ellis grounded into a double play . Los Angeles tied it in the second on a run - scoring single by Luis Cruz , a two - out RBI single by Juan Rivera and a run - scoring single by Luis Cruz . Los Angeles took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Stephen Drew and a run - scoring single by Luis Cruz . Los Angeles took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Juan Rivera and an RBI single by Cruz .
NEW YORK -- Robinson Cano and Eric Chavez each hit a two - run homer in the third inning , and the New York Yankees beat the Chicago White Sox 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Robinson Cano hit a two - run homer and Kevin Youkilis had an RBI single for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Hughes ( 9 - 6 ) allowed two runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth for his 18th save in 21 chances . Gavin Floyd ( 6 - 8 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked five . Robinson Cano hit a two - run homer off Gavin Floyd ( 6 - 8 ) in the second inning and Eric Chavez hit a two - run shot in the third for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . They dropped to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game homestand . The White Sox have lost six of their last seven games . The White Sox had a chance to score in the first when Alejandro De Aza led off with a double and scored on Kevin Youkilis ' single . Alex Rios followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the second , but Hughes struck out Adam Dunn and got Cano to ground into a double play . Cano hit a two - run homer in the bottom half to give the Yankees a 4 - 2 lead . It was Cano 's fourth homer of the season and second in two games . Chavez hit a two - run homer in the third to give the Yankees a 4 - 2 lead .
SAN DIEGO -- Kris Medlen has been a big part of the Atlanta Braves ' 2 - 0 victory over the San Diego Padres on Saturday night . Medlen pitched eight innings of five - hit ball , Dan Uggla homered and the Braves beat the San Diego Padres 2 - 0 . Medlen ( 6 - 1 ) allowed five hits , struck out nine and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth for his major league - leading 32nd save in 35 chances . Andrew Cashner ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings for San Diego . He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Dan Uggla homered for the Padres , who have lost five of six . Padres manager Bud Black was ejected in the seventh inning by plate umpire Angel Campos for arguing a called third strike . Padres manager Bud Black was ejected in the seventh inning by plate umpire Angel Campos after a called third strike . Padres manager Bud Black came out to check on the right - hander , who allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the second time in four starts . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven .
PHILADELPHIA -- Ryan Howard and the New York Mets are on a roll . Howard hit a three - run homer in a four - run first inning , Mike Baxter added a two - run shot and the Mets beat the Philadelphia Phillies 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Chase Utley and Kelly Shoppach also homered for the Mets . Rosenberg ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs , four hits and no walks in one inning . Bobby Parnell ( 4 - 3 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Ike Davis hit an RBI double in the eighth to make it 5 - all . Ike Davis followed with an RBI double to make it 5 - all . Lucas Duda hit an RBI single and Kelly Shoppach hit a two - run homer off Josh Edgin to give the Mets a 5 - 4 lead . It was the first time the Mets had scored three runs or more in a game this season . The Mets scored four runs in the first inning to take a 4 - 1 lead . David Wright had an RBI single and Daniel Murphy had three hits for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Philadelphia starter Vance Worley gave up four runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Phillies took a 4 - 1 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Howard and a two - run shot by Baxter . The Mets tied it in the fifth on a two - run homer by Howard . The Mets tied it in the fifth on a two - run homer by Howard . The Mets tied it in the eighth on Shoppach 's two - run homer .
BOSTON -- Daisuke Matsuzaka had his best outing of the season and the Boston Red Sox beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Matsuzaka ( 1 - 3 ) allowed only one unearned run and five hits in seven innings , striking out six and walking two . The right - hander had been 0 - 4 in his previous six starts . The Red Sox have won five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . Jacoby Ellsbury and Cody Ross had two hits each for the Red Sox , who have won four of five . Luke Hochevar ( 7 - 12 ) gave up five runs , four earned , and eight hits in eight innings for Kansas City . He struck out six and walked one . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Alex Gordon 's sacrifice fly . Ellsbury 's solo homer in the bottom of the first gave the Red Sox a 1 - 0 lead . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom half on Ross ' two - out , two - run triple off the Green Monster . Boston took a 3 - 1 lead in the third on a two - run double by Ross and a run - scoring double by Ross . The Red Sox took a 3 - 1 lead in the third on a run - scoring double by Ross and a run - scoring single by James Loney . Ross ' RBI single in the sixth made it 5 - 1 and chased Matsuzaka . Andrew Bailey pitched the eighth and Andrew Bailey worked the ninth for the Red Sox , who have won four of five .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Felix Hernandez has been the Seattle Mariners ' most dominant pitcher in his first season with the Seattle Mariners . Hernandez threw a five - hitter for his first major league shutout , Eric Thames homered and the Mariners beat the Minnesota Twins 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Hernandez ( 13 - 5 ) allowed five hits , struck out five and walked one in his second complete game of the season . He struck out five and walked one in his second complete game of the season . Eric Thames homered off Liam Hendriks ( 0 - 7 ) with one out in the eighth inning to give the Mariners a 1 - 0 lead . It was Thames ' second homer of the season and second in two days . It was the first home run of the season for Thames , who had been mired in an 0 - for - 21 slump . Hernandez ( 13 - 5 ) allowed five hits , struck out five and walked one in his second complete game of the season . The right - hander has allowed only two earned runs in his last three starts . The Twins have won six of their last seven games . The Twins have lost five of six and have been shut out three times this season . The Twins have been shut out four times this season and have been shut out three times this season . Hendriks ( 0 - 7 ) gave up only three hits and three walks in nine innings . He struck out six and walked three . The Twins have lost five of their last six games . The Twins have lost six of their last seven games .
LOS ANGELES -- Mark Buehrle has been a big part of the Miami Marlins ' rotation . Buehrle pitched effectively into the sixth inning , Rob Brantly hit a two - run homer and the Miami Marlins beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Buehrle ( 12 - 11 ) gave up one run and six hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out four and walked three . The right - hander is 5 - 0 in his last six starts against the Dodgers , including a 4 - 0 victory at Dodger Stadium on July 26 . The Marlins have won five of their last six games , and the Dodgers have won six of their last seven games . The Dodgers have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place Los Angeles Dodgers in the NL West . Dodgers starter Aaron Harang ( 9 - 8 ) gave up three runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out four and walked one . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts against the Marlins , who have lost five of six . The Dodgers have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game West Coast trip . The Dodgers have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game West Coast trip that concludes Sunday . Stanton hit his 22nd homer in the fourth to tie the game 1 - 1 . The Marlins tied it in the bottom half on a two - out , two - run homer by Rob Brantly . Stanton tied it 1 - 1 in the fourth with his 22nd home run , a drive into the right - field pavilion . It was the first homer allowed by Harang this season . The Marlins tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Andre Ethier .
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles have been in first place in the AL East . Edwin Encarnacion hit a two - run homer , Steve Johnson pitched six solid innings and the Orioles beat the Toronto Blue Jays 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . J. J. Hardy had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Adam Jones drove in two runs for the Orioles , who took two of three from the Blue Jays . Baltimore has won six of seven , and the Orioles have won six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Johnson ( 2 - 0 ) gave up two runs and four hits in six innings , striking out seven and walking two . The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 2.37 ERA in two starts against the Blue Jays this season . Baltimore 's Brandon Morrow ( 7 - 5 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run homer by Edwin Encarnacion , a two - run single by Matt Wieters and a run - scoring single by Nick Markakis . Baltimore went up 2 - 0 in the third when Hardy doubled and scored on a fielder 's choice by Jones . Baltimore went up 2 - 0 in the third on a run - scoring single by Hardy and a run - scoring single by Jones . In the bottom half , Encarnacion hit a two - run homer off Johnson , and Machado added an RBI single in the sixth .
CLEVELAND -- The New York Yankees are feeling good about themselves . Michael Brantley hit a three - run homer , Justin Masterson pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Cleveland Indians beat the New York Yankees 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Michael Brantley hit a three - run homer in the first inning , and Justin Masterson ( 10 - 11 ) gave up one run in 6 2/3 innings for the Indians , who have won three of four . The Yankees have lost six of seven and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Yankees have lost six of seven and are 4 1/2 games behind first - place Detroit in the AL East . Masterson ( 10 - 11 ) gave up one run and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . The right - hander has allowed three runs or fewer in six of his last seven starts . The Indians have won seven of their last 10 games . Kuroda ( 12 - 9 ) gave up three runs and four hits in eight innings . He struck out six and walked two . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in his last five starts . The Yankees have lost six of seven . Brantley hit a three - run homer in the first off Hiroki Kuroda ( 12 - 9 ) , who gave up three runs and four hits over eight innings . He struck out six and walked two . Brantley 's homer in the first gave the Indians a 3 - 0 lead . It was Brantley 's third homer in two games and first since July 26 . The Indians added a run in the sixth on Mark Teixeira 's sacrifice fly .
PHOENIX -- The San Diego Padres have been waiting for the Arizona Diamondbacks to find a way to win . Yonder Alonso homered and drove in three runs , Clayton Richard pitched eight strong innings and the Padres beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 9 - 3 on Tuesday night . Justin Upton hit a two - run homer and Carlos Quentin also went deep for the Padres , who have won five of six . Richard ( 11 - 12 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in eight innings , striking out four and walking two . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . The Padres have lost six of seven . Ian Kennedy ( 11 - 11 ) allowed six runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six , walked four and hit a batter . Chase Headley hit a solo homer in the first inning for the Diamondbacks , who have lost five of six . Alonso 's two - run single in the sixth gave the Padres a 6 - 2 lead . The Diamondbacks added three runs in the eighth off Brad Ziegler and Mike Zagurski . Headley 's sacrifice fly in the eighth made it 9 - 2 and chased Richard , who allowed three runs and seven hits in eight innings . He struck out four and walked two . Arizona 's Aaron Hill hit a solo homer in the eighth off J. J. Putz , who had not allowed a run in his previous 13 appearances . The Diamondbacks added a run in the eighth on a bases - loaded sacrifice fly by Alexi Amarista and a bases - loaded walk to Yasmani Grandal . Cameron Maybin had a bases - loaded walk in the eighth .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Ian Kinsler and the Texas Rangers finally got a big hit . Kinsler homered and drove in four runs , Ryan Dempster pitched six strong innings and the Rangers beat the Minnesota Twins 9 - 3 on Tuesday night . Kinsler had three hits , including a three - run triple , and Mitch Moreland hit a three - run homer for the Rangers . Justin Morneau had four hits , including a solo homer , and drove in a run for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Minnesota has lost four of five . The Twins have lost five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . Dempster ( 8 - 6 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Rangers have won five of their last six games . The Rangers have lost four of five . Minnesota 's Brian Duensing ( 3 - 9 ) gave up nine runs and 10 hits in 2 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He struck out three and walked one . Kinsler had a leadoff homer in the first , then added a two - run triple in the third to make it 9 - 0 . Mitch Moreland hit a three - run homer in the second for the Twins , who have lost five of six . Robbie Ross Jr. gave up a run in the seventh and Tanner Scheppers struck out two in a perfect eighth before Glen Perkins pitched a scoreless eighth . The Rangers had a season - high 16 hits , including three doubles by Nelson Cruz , who had two hits and scored a run . Morneau had four hits , including a solo homer in the fourth that made it 9 - 1 . It was his third career four - hit game . Kinsler had three hits , including a three - run triple in the third that gave the Rangers a 9 - 0 lead . Kinsler had three hits , including a three - run triple in the third that gave the Rangers a 9 - 0 lead . Kinsler had three hits , including a three - run triple in the third that gave the Rangers a 9 - 0 lead . It was Kinsler 's fourth leadoff homer of the season and second in two games . He had a two - run triple in the eighth .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have been waiting for Andre Ethier to be in the lineup for the first time this season . Ethier had four hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in four runs to lead the Dodgers to an 11 - 4 victory over the Miami Marlins on Tuesday night . Ethier had four hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in four runs for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Ethier had four hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in four runs for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Jose Reyes hit a two - run homer in the first inning for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Miami starter Nathan Eovaldi ( 4 - 9 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in three - plus innings , struck out three and walked two . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 13.50 ERA in his last five starts . Giancarlo Stanton hit a solo homer for the Marlins , who have lost three of four . Jamey Wright ( 5 - 3 ) allowed one run and three hits in 1 2/3 innings , striking out two in 1 2/3 innings of relief . Chad Billingsley gave up three runs and five hits in 3 1/3 innings for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . The Marlins scored three runs in the first inning , including a two - run homer by Jose Reyes , and a two - run shot by Juan Rivera . Hanley Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the third for the Marlins .
ST. LOUIS -- Adam Wainwright took a no - hitter into the seventh inning and the St. Louis Cardinals took advantage of the Houston Astros ' bullpen to beat the Houston Astros 7 - 0 on Tuesday night . Wainwright ( 12 - 10 ) allowed five hits , struck out a season - high 12 and walked one in his third complete game of the season . He threw a season - high 105 pitches , struck out a season - high 12 and walked one in his third complete game of the season . The Cardinals have won five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . Yadier Molina had three hits and drove in two runs for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Lucas Harrell ( 10 - 9 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in five innings for the Astros , who have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against St. Louis this season . St. Louis has lost four of five . The Astros have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . St. Louis has lost four of five . The Astros have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Astros have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Cardinals this season . St. Louis has lost four of five . The Astros were shut out for the third time this season and have been shut out for the first time this season . St. Louis scored four runs in the first inning off Lucas Harrell ( 10 - 9 ) , who gave up six runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out three .
LOS ANGELES -- The San Francisco Giants are on the verge of getting swept by the Los Angeles Dodgers . Tim Lincecum pitched effectively into the sixth inning , Buster Posey hit a two - run single and the Giants beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Lincecum ( 7 - 13 ) gave up one run and five hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out four and walked one . The right - hander has won his last three starts against the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Javier Lopez got two outs for his third save in three chances . Joe Blanton ( 8 - 12 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out six and walked two . The right - hander is winless in his last five starts . The Dodgers scored three runs in the first inning off Joe Zito , who was making his first start since July 29 . Buster Posey hit a two - run single and Angel Pagan had a run - scoring double . Brandon Crawford had an RBI single and Matt Kemp drove in a run with a sacrifice fly to make it 4 - 0 . The Giants scored three runs in the fourth to take a 4 - 0 lead . Buster Posey hit a two - run single and Brandon Crawford drove in a run with a single . The Giants scored three runs in the fourth to take a 4 - 0 lead . Buster Posey hit a two - run single and Angel Pagan had a two - out RBI double to make it 4 - 0 . The Giants scored three runs in the fourth to take a 4 - 0 lead . Buster Posey hit a two - run single and Angel Pagan had an RBI double to make it 4 - 0 .
SEATTLE -- Michael Saunders is n't going to be a part of the Seattle Mariners ' rotation . Saunders hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning and the Mariners beat the Minnesota Twins 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Michael Saunders hit a two - run homer in the seventh , and Blake Beavan ( 8 - 7 ) allowed one run and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out three and walked one . Seattle starter Samuel Deduno ( 4 - 1 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He walked six and struck out two . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning on John Jaso 's bases - loaded walk . Seattle took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Trevor Plouffe and a run - scoring double by Eric Thames . Saunders hit a two - run homer off Jeff Gray in the seventh to give the Mariners a 4 - 1 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Minnesota this season . Saunders hit a two - run homer off Jeff Gray in the seventh to give Seattle a 4 - 1 lead . Thames added an RBI double in the seventh . Thames added an RBI double in the seventh . Josh Willingham led off the second inning with a double and scored on Trevor Plouffe 's sacrifice fly . The Twins took a 2 - 1 lead in the third . Ackley led off with a single and Kyle Seager walked to load the bases . Jaso drew a bases - loaded walk to give the Mariners a 2 - 1 lead .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Matt Moore and the Tampa Bay Rays are on a roll . Moore pitched into the seventh inning , Ryan Roberts hit a two - run homer and the Rays beat Zack Greinke and the Los Angeles Angels 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Moore ( 10 - 7 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings , striking out five and walking two . The right - hander , who has a 3.57 ERA in four starts against the Angels this season , allowed two runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Greinke ( 10 - 5 ) gave up a season - high six runs and seven hits in six innings , struck out eight and walked four . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts against Tampa Bay , including a 6 - 1 loss to the Rays on July 26 . The Angels , who have lost three of four , scored four runs in the second inning to take a 4 - 0 lead . Ryan Roberts hit a two - run homer in the fifth for a 6 - 1 lead . It was his third homer of the season and second in two days . Pujols tied it in the sixth with his 24th home run , a solo shot to left - center that made it 6 - 1 . It was the first time this season the Rays have hit back - to - back homers . Pujols hit a solo shot off Wade Davis in the sixth , and Trout led off the sixth with his 22nd homer to make it 6 - 2 . The Angels added two more runs in the ninth on a two - run double by Pena and a two - run double by Pena .
WASHINGTON -- Bryce Harper and the Washington Nationals have been waiting for a long time . Harper homered and drove in two runs , Danny Espinosa hit a two - run homer and the Nationals beat the New York Mets 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Gonzalez ( 16 - 6 ) gave up one run and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings , striking out three and walking two . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 3.23 ERA in his last five starts . Harper led off the fifth with a triple and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's single . Harper led off the fifth with a triple and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's single to make it 5 - 1 . Harper led off the fifth with a triple and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's single . Harper led off the fifth with a triple and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's single . Harper led off the fifth with a triple and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's single . Harper led off the fifth with a triple and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's single . Harper led off the fifth with a triple and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's single . Hefner ( 2 - 5 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter . Tyler Clippard pitched a perfect ninth for his 27th save in 31 chances . Washington 's David Wright had two hits , extending his hitting streak to a career - high 13 games . He 's hitting .320 with two doubles , three homers and nine RBIs in his last 10 games . The Mets added a run in the eighth on Kelly Shoppach 's RBI single .
MILWAUKEE -- Kyle Kendrick and the Philadelphia Phillies did n't need much offense . Kendrick pitched eight innings of three - hit ball , Michael Martinez hit a two - run homer and the Phillies beat the Milwaukee Brewers 8 - 0 on Tuesday night . Kendrick ( 6 - 9 ) struck out seven and walked one in his longest outing of the season . Michael Martinez hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Brian Schneider added a two - run double in the eighth . Brown hit a three - run double in the third , and Brian Schneider added a two - run double in the eighth for the Phillies . Randy Wolf ( 3 - 10 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . Brown hit a two - run double in the third to give Philadelphia a 5 - 0 lead . Brown hit a two - run double in the eighth and Brian Schneider added a two - run double in the eighth for the Phillies , who have won four of five . Brown hit a two - run double in the third , and Brian Schneider added a two - run double in the eighth for the Phillies , who have won four of five . Wolf ( 3 - 10 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out four . The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Kendrick struck out Rickie Weeks to end the threat . The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Kendrick struck out Rickie Weeks to end the threat .
MILWAUKEE -- Cole Hamels did n't need much help from his offense . Hamels pitched into the eighth inning , John Mayberry Jr. hit a two - run homer and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Milwaukee Brewers 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Hamels ( 14 - 6 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out 10 and walked one . The Phillies have won five of six and have the best record in the majors at 21 - 11 . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Mike Fiers ( 6 - 6 ) gave up four runs and five hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out five . Ryan Braun hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Brewers . Jonathan Papelbon got four outs for his 27th save in 29 chances . The Phillies have won five of six . Aramis Ramirez hit a solo homer for the Brewers . Erik Kratz led off the second inning with a solo shot to right , his fourth of the season and second in two games . Ryan Howard added an RBI double in the third to make it 4 - 1 . Braun hit a two - run homer off Jonathan Papelbon in the eighth to make it 4 - 3 . Jonathan Lucroy had two hits , extending his hitting streak to a career - high 11 games . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost six of seven .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Mike Trout and Albert Pujols hit back - to - back homers in the first inning , and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Los Angeles Angels 10 - 8 on Tuesday night . Trout homered and drove in three runs , and Evan Longoria and Carlos Pena also went deep for the Rays , who have won five of six . Jake McGee ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 38th save in 41 chances . The Angels , who have lost four of five , took a 7 - 0 lead in the second inning against Tampa Bay starter Alex Cobb , who gave up eight runs and 12 hits in 2 2/3 innings . The right - hander was charged with eight runs and 12 hits in 2 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . Rays starter C. J. Wilson gave up seven runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander was charged with seven runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings , struck out four and walked three . The right - hander was charged with seven runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The Angels scored three runs in the first , including a two - run double by Ben Zobrist and a run - scoring single by Mark Trumbo . Pujols hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Angels a 7 - 0 lead . It was the fourth time this season the Angels have hit back - to - back homers . Longoria 's two - run shot in the fifth made it 8 - 7 , and Pena 's two - run shot off Kevin Jepsen ( 2 - 2 ) made it 10 - 8 in the eighth . It was the fourth time this season the Angels have hit back - to - back homers . Trout had a run - scoring single in the second inning and a run - scoring single in the fifth . He also had a run - scoring single in the fifth . The Angels took a 3 - 0 lead in the first inning on a run - scoring single by Trout and a run - scoring single by Mark Trumbo , who had an RBI single in the first inning . The Angels made it 8 - 0 in the second on a run - scoring single by Trout and a run - scoring single by Mark Trumbo .
ATLANTA -- Kris Medlen and the Atlanta Braves have been waiting for Chipper Jones . Medlen threw a five - hitter for his first career shutout , Chipper Jones homered twice and drove in three runs , and the Braves beat the San Diego Padres 6 - 0 on Tuesday night . Medlen ( 4 - 1 ) allowed five hits , struck out six and did n't walk a batter in his second complete game of the season . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 2.03 ERA in his last five starts . The Braves have won five of six . Jones hit a two - run homer off Jason Marquis ( 8 - 11 ) in the first inning and added a solo shot in the fifth . Jones hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a solo shot in the fifth . Jones hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a solo shot in the fifth . Jones hit a two - run homer in the first off Jason Marquis ( 8 - 11 ) , who gave up six runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked four . Marquis ( 8 - 11 ) gave up eight hits and six runs in 4 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out four . Paul Janish had two hits and two RBIs for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Padres manager Bud Black said Medlen was n't feeling good after the game . The Braves were shut out for the third time this season . The Braves have lost six of seven . Padres manager Bud Black said Medlen was n't feeling good after the game . The Braves , who have lost four of five , were shut out for the fourth time in five games . The Padres have lost six of seven . Padres manager Bud Black said Medlen was n't feeling good after the game . The Braves were shut out for the third time this season . The Padres have lost six of seven . Padres manager Bud Black said Medlen 's performance was especially important for the Braves . The Braves have lost six of seven . Padres manager Bud Black said Medlen was n't feeling good after the game . The Braves were shut out for the fourth time this season . The Padres have lost six of seven .
MILWAUKEE -- Corey Hart and the Milwaukee Brewers did n't need much offense . Hart hit a three - run homer in the eighth inning to lift the Brewers to a 7 - 4 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Hart hit a two - out , three - run homer off Josh Lindblom ( 2 - 3 ) to give the Brewers a 7 - 4 lead in the eighth . Jim Henderson got the final two outs for his third save in three chances . Ryan Braun homered twice and Kevin Frandsen had three hits and three RBIs for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Milwaukee starter Livan Hernandez ( 4 - 1 ) struck out two in a perfect eighth inning for the win . Milwaukee starter Cliff Lee struck out 12 in 7 2/3 innings , allowing four runs -- three earned -- and five hits . He struck out 12 and did n't walk a batter for the third time this season . The Phillies took a 4 - 3 lead in the fifth on Kevin Frandsen 's three - run double and a solo homer by Aramis Ramirez . Braun hit a solo homer in the first and a solo shot in the fourth to give the Phillies a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Braun , who had been 0 - for - 8 in his previous four games . The Brewers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Ryan Howard and a run - scoring single by Frandsen . The Phillies tied it at 2 in the third on a two - out RBI single by Frandsen .
SEATTLE -- Felix Hernandez had his best stuff of the season on the mound , and the Seattle Mariners did n't need much offense . Hernandez struck out 12 in his second no - hitter of the season , and the Mariners beat the Tampa Bay Rays 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Hernandez ( 11 - 5 ) struck out 12 and walked none in his second no - hitter of the season . He threw 77 of his 113 pitches for strikes . He threw 77 of his 113 pitches for strikes in the first no - hitter in Safeco Field history . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no -
DENVER -- The Colorado Rockies have n't been able to find a way to get a win . Tyler Harris hit a two - run double with one out in the bottom of the ninth inning , lifting the Colorado Rockies to a 7 - 6 win over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . The Rockies took two of three from the Brewers , who have won six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . Will Harris ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two perfect innings for his first major league win . Jim Henderson ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss . Jim Henderson ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss . Eric Young Jr. homered and Nyjer Morgan had three RBIs for the Rockies , who have lost five of six . Eric Young Jr. hit a solo homer for the Brewers , who have lost three of four . Milwaukee starter Guillermo Moscoso gave up four runs and seven hits in four - plus innings . He walked three and struck out three . Milwaukee starter Mark Rogers allowed five runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Brewers took a 5 - 4 lead in the fifth on Nyjer Morgan 's two - run single and Jean Segura 's sacrifice fly . The Brewers tied it at 5 in the seventh on a two - run single by Nyjer Morgan and a two - out , two - run double by Nelson . The Rockies took a 5 - 4 lead in the fifth on a run - scoring double by Corey Hart and a run - scoring double by Rickie Weeks . Milwaukee tied it in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Jonathan Herrera .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting for Ryan Doumit to come off the disabled list . Doumit homered and drove in three runs , Samuel Deduno pitched seven strong innings and the Twins beat the Detroit Tigers 9 - 3 on Tuesday night . Ryan Doumit had three hits , including a three - run homer in the seventh inning that gave the Twins an 8 - 1 lead . Deduno ( 4 - 0 ) gave up three runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked five . The Twins have won five of their last six games . Anibal Sanchez ( 6 - 10 ) gave up five runs and 12 hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Tigers , who have lost five of six . Mastroianni had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh that gave the Twins an 8 - 1 lead . It was the first three - run homer of the season for Doumit , who hit a two - run shot in the ninth off Duane Below to give the Twins an 8 - 1 lead . Mastroianni had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh that gave the Twins a 2 - 1 lead . It was the first three - run homer of the season for Doumit , who hit a two - run shot in the ninth off Duane Below to give the Twins an 8 - 1 lead . Mastroianni had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh that gave the Twins a 2 - 1 lead . It was the first three - homer game of Doumit 's career . He also had a two - run homer in the ninth off Duane Below to make it 8 - 1 . Doumit had three hits , including a three - run homer in the seventh that gave the Twins a 2 - 1 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Sanchez in five starts this season . The Tigers scored three times in the eighth to make it 8 - 3 . Josh Willingham had a sacrifice fly and Delmon Young hit an RBI single .
BALTIMORE -- Manny Machado hit a two - run homer in the second inning , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Manny Machado hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Nick Markakis added a solo shot in the fifth to give the Orioles a 4 - 3 lead . In the sixth , Adam Jones drew a two - out walk and scored on a single by Mark Reynolds . Baltimore went up 5 - 3 in the bottom half . Nate McLouth led off with a single , stole second and came home on Mark Reynolds ' single to center . Baltimore starter Bruce Chen ( 8 - 10 ) gave up four runs , four hits and three walks in 5 1/3 innings . The right - hander is winless in his last five starts . Luis Ayala ( 4 - 3 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Jim Johnson worked the ninth for his American League-leading 34th save . Baltimore starter Tommy Hunter gave up three runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out two . Baltimore took a 2 - 0 lead in the second inning . Billy Butler led off with a double and scored on a single by Brayan Pena . Moustakas homered in the fourth to make it 3 - 1 . Baltimore tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Brayan Pena . In the bottom half , Machado hit a two - run homer , his first of the season , to make it 3 - 1 . The Orioles tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Brayan Pena .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros had a chance to take the lead in the top of the ninth inning . Brian Bogusevic singled home the winning run in the bottom of the inning to lift the Astros to a 4 - 3 win over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . The Astros trailed 3 - 1 before scoring two runs in the seventh . Rickie Weeks led off with a double and scored on a single by Jean Segura to push the lead to 3 - 1 . Rickie Weeks doubled to start the inning and scored on a double by Ryan Braun to give Houston a 3 - 1 lead . Rickie Weeks doubled and scored on a single by Corporan to make it 3 - 1 in the seventh . Wilton Lopez ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . John Axford ( 4 - 7 ) took the loss , allowing two runs -- one earned -- on two hits and a walk in one - third of an inning . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Nyjer Morgan reached on an error by third baseman Carlos Gomez and scored on a double by Ryan Braun . Milwaukee tied it at 1 - all in the fifth on an RBI single by Jean Segura . Milwaukee starter Bud Norris allowed three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Houston starter Mark Rogers allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Houston starter Bud Norris allowed three runs and eight hits in seven innings .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Tyler Chatwood has been a big part of the Colorado Rockies ' 3 - 0 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Saturday night . Chatwood pitched five scoreless innings and Tyler Colvin had two hits and drove in a run , leading the Rockies to a 3 - 0 victory over the San Francisco Giants . Chatwood ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three hits and two walks in five innings . He struck out two and walked two . Rafael Betancourt pitched a perfect ninth for his 20th save in 22 chances . Lincecum ( 6 - 12 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Giants have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . San Francisco has lost four of five . The Giants have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . Dexter Fowler drove in the Rockies ' first run with an RBI single in the third . The Giants added a run in the fourth when Wilin Rosario led off with a double and scored on Tyler Colvin 's single . Colvin added an RBI single in the fourth to make it 2 - 0 . Lincecum struck out three and walked two in seven innings . He struck out three and walked two . San Francisco 's Brandon Crawford had two hits , extending his hitting streak to a career - high 13 games . He is batting .429 ( 14 for 32 ) with runners in scoring position over that span . Brandon Crawford had two hits for San Francisco , which has lost four of five .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Prince Fielder hit a three - run homer in the sixth inning , Max Scherzer pitched six strong innings and the Detroit Tigers beat the Texas Rangers 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Prince Fielder hit a three - run homer and Austin Jackson added a solo shot in the seventh for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Scherzer ( 11 - 6 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The right - hander struck out eight and walked two while throwing 112 pitches . Mark Lowe , Detroit 's fifth pitcher , got the final two outs in the ninth . The Tigers have won four of five and have won seven of their last 10 games against the Rangers , who have won seven of their last 10 games . The Rangers have lost four of five . Scott Feldman ( 6 - 7 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . The Rangers have lost four of five . Fielder hit a three - run homer in the sixth to give the Rangers a 4 - 2 lead . Fielder hit a three - run homer off Tanner Scheppers in the sixth to give the Tigers a 4 - 2 lead . Fielder hit a three - run homer in the sixth to give the Tigers a 4 - 2 lead . It was Fielder 's 18th homer of the season and second in two games . The Tigers had a chance to take the lead in the seventh when Michael Young led off with a double and went to third on a wild pitch . But Michael Kirkman got Fielder to ground into a double play .
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting for the Baltimore Orioles to get back to .500 . Matt Wieters drove in a career - high five runs , Nick Markakis homered and the Orioles beat the Seattle Mariners 9 - 2 on Tuesday night . Baltimore has won four of five . The Orioles have won four straight and seven of eight . Baltimore has won six of seven . The Orioles have won five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Mariners this season . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 against the Orioles this season . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 against the Orioles this season . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Millwood ( 4 - 10 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in four - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Orioles scored two runs in the first inning , capped by Wieters ' two - run double . Markakis hit a two - run homer in the fourth , and Seager hit a two - run drive in the sixth . Seager hit a two - run double in the seventh to make it 9 - 2 . Johnson ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out a career - high nine . Tom Wilhelmsen pitched a perfect eighth and Matt Wieters hit a two - run homer in the sixth .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Jered Weaver and the Los Angeles Angels are on a roll . Weaver pitched a four - hitter for his first career shutout and Torii Hunter drove in two runs to lead the Los Angeles Angels to a 4 - 0 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . Weaver ( 15 - 1 ) struck out nine and walked none in his second complete game of the season . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Weaver had a career - high nine strikeouts and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter . Erick Aybar had three hits and scored twice for the Angels , who have won four of five . Torii Hunter hit a two - run single in the seventh for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Jarrod Parker ( 7 - 6 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings for the A 's , who have lost four of five . The A 's lost their third straight game and dropped to a season - worst 11 games under .500 . Oakland has lost six of seven . The A 's have lost six of seven . Trout had two hits , including a run - scoring single in the second and a two - out RBI single in the seventh . The A 's lost their third straight game and fell to 1 - 6 on their nine - game West Coast trip . Oakland has lost four of five . The A 's have lost six of their last seven games .
DETROIT -- Justin Verlander had a chance to become the first 12 - game winner in the majors this year , and the Detroit Tigers did n't need much offense . Verlander struck out a career - high 14 in eight innings , Prince Fielder homered and the Detroit Tigers beat the New York Yankees 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 12 - 7 ) allowed two unearned runs and nine hits in eight innings , walking one and striking out a season - high 14 . The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . The Yankees have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Yankees have lost six of seven and are a half - game behind the AL East-leading New York Yankees in the AL East . Yankees starter Ivan Nova ( 10 - 6 ) gave up seven runs -- seven earned -- and 11 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Miguel Cabrera hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Yankees starter Alex Rodriguez was out of the starting lineup for the second straight game because of a sore left wrist . He had two hits , including a run - scoring single in the sixth that made it 7 - 2 . Alex Avila had an RBI single in the sixth , and Jhonny Peralta added an RBI single in the sixth to make it 7 - 2 . Verlander ( 12 - 7 ) allowed two unearned runs and nine hits in eight innings , walking one and striking out a season - high 14 . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last six starts . The Yankees have lost five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Yankees have lost six of their last seven games . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of their last seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of their last seven .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox had a chance to take the lead in the eighth inning . Paul Konerko and Gordon Beckham hit back - to - back home runs to lead the White Sox to a 4 - 2 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . Sale ( 13 - 3 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Addison Reed worked the ninth for his 20th save in 22 chances . Luis Mendoza ( 5 - 8 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 7 1/3 innings for Kansas City . He struck out five and walked one . Billy Butler led off the seventh with a home run off Luis Mendoza ( 5 - 8 ) , giving the White Sox a 2 - 1 lead . Jeff Francoeur homered in the fifth for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Royals starter Chris Sale ( 13 - 3 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander is 5 - 0 in his last six starts against the Royals , including 1 - 0 with a 1.80 ERA in three starts against the White Sox this season . Royals starter Luis Mendoza ( 5 - 8 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a double by A. J. Pierzynski and a sacrifice fly by Dayan Viciedo . The Royals tied it in the fifth when Alex Gordon singled , stole second and scored on Pierzynski 's double to right .
CHICAGO -- Nate Jones and the Chicago White Sox did n't need much help . Jones hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the seventh inning and the White Sox beat the Los Angeles Angels 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Nate Jones ( 5 - 0 ) pitched two innings for the win . Addison Reed worked around a leadoff walk in the ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . The White Sox have won five of six and are 2 1/2 games behind the first - place Chicago White Sox in the AL Central . Pierzynski hit a two - run homer off Jason Isringhausen ( 3 - 2 ) in the seventh to give the White Sox a 3 - 2 lead . Alexei Ramirez added an RBI triple off Jerome Williams in the eighth to make it 4 - 2 . It was the first time this season the White Sox have hit back - to - back homers . Paul Konerko had three hits for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Angels starter Dan Haren allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . Angels starter Francisco Liriano gave up one run and four hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked one . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Maicer Izturis led off with a double and scored on Trout 's sacrifice fly . In the bottom half , Youkilis led off with a homer to left - center . The White Sox tied it in the bottom half on Torii Hunter 's two - out RBI single . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on Trout 's sacrifice fly .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Wei-Yin Chen did n't need much run support . Chen pitched seven innings of five - hit ball , Chris Davis drove in two runs and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Chen ( 10 - 6 ) allowed five hits , struck out four and walked one . The right - hander has won his last three starts against Tampa Bay . The right - hander has won his last three starts against the Rays , who have won three of four . The Orioles have won four of five . Tampa Bay starter Jeremy Hellickson ( 6 - 7 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a < unk > ERA in his last four starts . The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay has lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay has lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay has lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay has lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay has lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay has lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay has lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay has lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven . The Rays have lost four of five .
DETROIT -- Prince Fielder hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs to help the Detroit Tigers beat the Cleveland Indians 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Prince Fielder homered and drove in four runs , and Miguel Cabrera had three hits and drove in a run for the Tigers . Anibal Sanchez ( 6 - 8 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and eight hits in six innings to win for the first time in four starts . The right - hander struck out five and walked two . Detroit 's Justin Masterson ( 7 - 10 ) gave up seven runs -- seven earned -- and 10 hits in four - plus innings . He walked four and struck out four . Prince Fielder homered and drove in four runs for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Fielder had three hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth that gave the Tigers a 7 - 1 lead . Fielder hit a two - run double in the third and a two - run homer in the fourth . Fielder hit a two - run double in the third and a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Tigers a 7 - 1 lead . Fielder hit a two - run homer in the fourth , and Andy Dirks added an RBI single in the sixth to make it 10 - 1 . Fielder hit a two - run homer in the fourth , and Alex Avila added an RBI single in the sixth to make it 10 - 1 . Jason Kipnis had an RBI groundout in the seventh for the Indians , who have lost four of five .
BOSTON -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting for Jamey Carroll to come off the disabled list . Jamey Carroll had a career - high four hits , including a go - ahead single in the 10th inning , and the Twins beat the Boston Red Sox 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Carroll had a career - high four hits and drove in a run . Crawford had three hits , including a three - run homer off Vicente Padilla ( 4 - 1 ) in the third that put Minnesota ahead 5 - 1 . Crawford had three hits , including a three - run homer in the third that gave the Twins a 5 - 1 lead . Jamey Carroll had a career - high four hits and drove in a run for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Morneau had four hits , including a two - run single in the fifth that gave the Twins a 5 - 1 lead . Crawford had three hits , including a three - run homer in the third that gave the Twins a 5 - 1 lead . The Twins tied it in the bottom of the inning on Danny Valencia 's sacrifice fly . Boston starter Brian Duensing gave up five runs -- two earned -- and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Jared Burton pitched the 10th for his fourth save . Boston starter Felix Doubront gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings , walking four and striking out two . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Josh Willingham .
ATLANTA -- Chipper Jones and the Atlanta Braves did n't need much offense . Jones had two hits , including a two - run double in the first inning , and the Braves beat the Miami Marlins 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Jones had a two - run double in the first inning and a two - run double in the second . Chipper Jones had two hits , including a two - run double in the first inning off Nathan Eovaldi ( 2 - 7 ) , who gave up eight hits and six runs in two innings . Cristhian Martinez ( 5 - 2 ) pitched three innings for the win . Chad Gaudin pitched four scoreless innings in relief of Chad Gaudin , who pitched four scoreless innings in relief of Chad Gaudin . Chad Gaudin pitched four scoreless innings in relief of Chad Gaudin , who pitched four scoreless innings in relief of Chad Gaudin . Chad Gaudin pitched four scoreless innings in relief of Chad Gaudin , who pitched four scoreless innings in relief of Chad Gaudin . Chad Gaudin ( 1 - 1 ) pitched four scoreless innings in relief of Chad Gaudin , who pitched four scoreless innings in relief of Chad Gaudin . Chad Gaudin pitched four scoreless innings in relief of Chad Gaudin , who pitched four scoreless innings in relief of Chad Gaudin . Chad Gaudin pitched four scoreless innings in relief of Chad Gaudin , who pitched four scoreless innings in relief of Chad Gaudin . Chad Gaudin pitched four scoreless innings in relief of Chad Gaudin . Chad Gaudin pitched four scoreless innings in relief of Chad Gaudin , who pitched four scoreless innings in relief of Chad Gaudin . Gaudin allowed one hit and struck out two in four scoreless innings .
PITTSBURGH -- Xavier Paul 's pinch - hit home run in the top of the ninth inning gave the Cincinnati Reds a 4 - 3 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Paul Barmes led off the ninth with a single off Joel Hanrahan ( 5 - 2 ) , and pinch - hitter Denis Tabata was intentionally walked to load the bases . Paul Barmes followed with a double to right - center , and pinch - runner Denis Phipps was thrown out at the plate . Paul Barmes followed with a double to right - center . Paul Barmes followed with an infield single , and Paul Barmes followed with a double to right - center . Paul Barmes followed with an infield single , and Paul Barmes followed with a double to right - center . Paul Barmes followed with a line drive to center field , but pinch - runner Denis Phipps was thrown out at the plate by catcher Rod Barajas . Paul Barmes followed with a single , and Paul Barmes followed with a single to center . Paul Barmes followed with a line drive to center field , but Paul made a strong throw to first for a double play , but pinch - runner Denis Phipps was thrown out at the plate by Rod Barajas . Chapman gave up a run - scoring double to Zack Cozart in the bottom of the ninth to give the Reds a 4 - 3 lead , but the Reds rallied for a 4 - 3 victory . Sean Marshall ( 5 - 5 ) got the last two outs of the eighth for the win , and Aroldis Chapman pitched the ninth for his 37th save . Garrett Jones hit a two - run homer for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Pittsburgh starter Johnny Cueto allowed three runs -- one earned -- and six hits in seven innings , striking out six and walking one . Cincinnati starter Wandy Rodriguez gave up two runs and six hits in six innings , striking out seven and walking one . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Joey Votto and a run - scoring single by Andrew McCutchen .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Mike Napoli was n't surprised by the Texas Rangers ' offensive outburst . Napoli hit a pair of three - run homers , David Murphy and Howie Kendrick also connected and the Rangers beat the Los Angeles Angels 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Napoli went 3 - for - 3 with a walk and drove in a career - high six runs for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Napoli went 3 - for - 3 with a walk and drove in a career - high six runs for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Napoli went 3 - for - 3 with a walk and drove in a career - high six runs for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Napoli was 0 - for - 3 with two strikeouts and a walk . He was 0 - for - 3 with two strikeouts and a walk . Derek Holland ( 12 - 6 ) gave up seven runs and 12 hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Santana ( 9 - 13 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 2 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked one and struck out one . Mark Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the first for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Napoli had a two - run double in the fifth and a three - run homer in the seventh that gave Texas a 6 - 4 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Napoli , who went 3 - for - 3 with a walk and two RBIs . The Rangers have won five of their last six games . The Angels have lost five of their last six games and are 4 1/2 games behind the first - place Los Angeles Angels in the AL West . Joe Nathan pitched a scoreless ninth for his 37th save in 39 chances . The Angels , who have lost four of five , took a 6 - 0 lead in the first inning against Ervin Santana ( 9 - 13 ) . Albert Pujols had an RBI double and scored on a double by Josh Hamilton . Trumbo 's two - run homer in the first gave the Rangers a 4 - 0 lead . Murphy led off the bottom of the second with his second homer of the season and second in two days . Napoli 's two - run double in the fifth made it 8 - 4 , and Kendrick padded the lead with a three - run homer in the seventh .
TORONTO -- Hiroki Kuroda gave the New York Yankees a chance to win . Adam Lind hit a two - run homer , Russell Martin hit a three - run homer and the Yankees beat the Toronto Blue Jays 11 - 4 on Tuesday night . Kuroda ( 15 - 11 ) allowed two runs and 10 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out four . The right - hander is tied for the major league lead in wins , and is 5 - 0 with a 3.34 ERA in his past six starts . The Yankees have won 10 of their past 13 games against the Blue Jays , their longest skid since dropping eight in a row from June 26 to Aug. 1 , 2006 . Yankees manager Joe Girardi said Kuroda has been working out of the bullpen this season . Eric Chavez hit a two - run homer in the ninth for the Blue Jays , who have lost six of seven . Chad Jenkins ( 0 - 3 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . Nick Swisher hit a two - out , two - run double in the first , and Martin hit a three - run homer off Jason Frasor in the sixth . Lind hit a two - run shot off David Phelps in the seventh , his 19th . Martin hit a three - run shot off Jason Frasor in the sixth , his sixth . Robinson Cano and Raul Ibanez hit RBI singles in the sixth , and Lind hit a two - run homer off David Phelps in the ninth . Chavez hit a two - run shot off Bobby Korecky in the ninth .
SAN DIEGO -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are on their longest winning streak since a seven - game skid in June . The Dodgers have won five of their last six games , and the Dodgers have n't had a winning season since they were swept in a three - game series at San Diego from June 26 - 29 . The Dodgers beat the San Diego Padres 8 - 4 on Tuesday night to end a four - game losing streak . Los Angeles has won six of seven . The Dodgers have lost five of six and are a season - high 16 games over .500 . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost seven of their last 10 games . San Diego , which has lost four of five , has lost four of five . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels have been waiting for Torii Hunter to deliver a clutch hit . Torii Hunter hit a game - ending RBI single with one out in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Angels a 4 - 3 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . Hunter 's single off Stephen Pryor ( 3 - 1 ) gave the Angels a 3 - 3 lead in the seventh . Maicer Izturis led off the ninth with a single off Stephen Kinney ( 3 - 2 ) and advanced to second on a wild pitch . Hunter followed with an RBI single to center to give the Angels a 3 - 3 lead . Ernesto Frieri ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Stephen Morales had a two - out single in the second inning and scored on Brendan Ryan 's single . Justin Smoak hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Seattle starter Felix Hernandez gave up two runs and five hits in six innings , struck out nine and walked two . The right - hander struck out nine and walked two . The Mariners took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run double by Erick Aybar and a sacrifice fly by Franklin Gutierrez . The Angels tied it in the third on Alberto Callaspo 's two - out single and Chone Figgins ' two - out walk . The Angels tied it in the third on Brendan Ryan 's RBI single and Smoak 's solo homer in the fourth . Wilson allowed three runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three .
NEW YORK -- The Pittsburgh Pirates have been waiting for a long time to find a way to win . Pedro Alvarez hit a three - run homer , Josh Harrison had a two - run triple and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the New York Mets 10 - 6 on Tuesday night . Wandy Rodriguez ( 12 - 13 ) allowed three runs and four hits in six innings to win his third straight start . The right - hander struck out three and walked two . David Wright homered and drove in three runs for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Collin McHugh ( 0 - 3 ) gave up seven runs -- seven earned -- and five hits in 1 1/3 innings . He walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . David Wright hit a two - run single in the seventh , and Garrett Jones added a two - run homer off Jon Rauch in the ninth . Justin Turner hit a two - run homer in the first for the Mets , who have lost four of five . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Mets have lost seven of their last 10 games . They 've lost five of their last six games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins have n't been able to find a way to get back to the playoffs . They 're not sure how to get the AL 's best record . Nick Swisher hit a two - run homer , Denard Span added a two - run double and the Twins rallied to beat the New York Yankees 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Yankees starter Phil Hughes ( 16 - 13 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Nick Swisher hit a two - run homer and Joe Mauer had three hits and an RBI for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Casey Fien ( 2 - 1 ) picked up the win with a scoreless inning of relief . Glen Perkins gave up a solo homer to Andruw Jones in the ninth , but got his 15th save in 16 attempts . The Yankees have lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Yankees have lost six of their last seven games . The Yankees have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Yankees have lost six of their last seven games . The Yankees have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Yankees have lost five of their last six games . The Yankees have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Yankees have lost six of their last seven .
DETROIT -- Minnesota 's Scott Diamond gave the Twins a much - needed lift . Scott Diamond pitched seven strong innings , Joe Mauer had three hits and four RBIs and the Twins beat the Detroit Tigers 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . Scott Diamond ( 12 - 8 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked three . Minnesota 's Max Scherzer ( 16 - 7 ) gave up three runs , three earned , and six hits in five - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . Mauer 's RBI single in the sixth gave the Twins a 4 - 2 lead , and Mauer drove in a run with a sacrifice fly in the seventh to make it 6 - 2 . The Twins broke the game open with a four - run eighth . Avisail Garcia hit a two - run single and Eduardo Escobar had an RBI single . Mauer had three hits , including a two - run triple in the eighth that gave the Twins a 10 - 2 lead . Mauer had three hits , including a two - run triple in the eighth that gave the Twins a 10 - 2 lead . The Twins took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double and Justin Morneau 's run - scoring single . Minnesota added a run in the fourth when Omar Infante led off with a single and scored on a single by Trevor Plouffe . Minnesota took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on an RBI double by Mauer and a run - scoring single by Delmon Young . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Josh Willingham led off with a single , stole second and scored on Trevor Plouffe 's single . Mauer scored on a fielder 's choice grounder by Pedro Florimon .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros have been in first place in the American League West . Dallas Keuchel pitched seven solid innings and Jason Castro hit a tiebreaking three - run homer in the seventh inning to lead the Astros to a 4 - 1 win over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Keuchel ( 3 - 7 ) allowed four hits and one run with five strikeouts in seven innings to win for the first time in four starts . The right - hander struck out five and walked one . Jason Castro hit a three - run homer off Kevin Correia ( 11 - 10 ) in the seventh to give the Astros a 4 - 1 lead . Wilton Lopez pitched a perfect ninth for his seventh save . Kevin Correia ( 11 - 10 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- and seven hits in six innings for the Pirates . He struck out nine and walked one . Gaby Sanchez led off the second inning with his first home run of the season to tie it at 1 . It was Sanchez 's second homer of the season and second in two games . The Astros tied it at 1 - all in the second when Brett Wallace hit a two - out RBI single . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Matt Moore led off with a double and scored on a single by Tyler Greene . The Pirates tied it in the second when Matt Dominguez hit a one - out double and scored on a single by Castro to make it 1 - 0 . Houston tied it in the second when Matt Dominguez doubled and scored on a single by Brett Wallace . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning when Brett Wallace hit a two - out single to center field . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Brett Wallace hit a two - out single to center field . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Brett Wallace hit a two - out single to right field . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Brett Wallace hit a two - out single to right field . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Brett Wallace hit a two - out RBI single .
ST. LOUIS -- Allen Craig and the St. Louis Cardinals are on a roll . Craig hit a three - run homer , Carlos Beltran had a go - ahead , pinch - hit double in the sixth inning and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Houston Astros 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Craig hit a three - run homer in the first inning off Bud Norris ( 5 - 13 ) , who gave up five runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . Garcia ( 5 - 7 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Jason Motte struck out the side in the ninth for his 38th save in 41 chances . The Cardinals have won five of six and are a season - high 16 games over .500 for the first time this season . Bud Norris ( 5 - 13 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Astros . He struck out seven and walked five . The Astros have lost five of their last six games and have lost five of their last six . The Astros have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Astros have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Astros have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Astros have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Astros have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Astros have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven .
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting for someone to get back to the postseason . Jordan Zimmermann pitched six solid innings and the Washington Nationals beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Zimmermann ( 11 - 8 ) allowed one run and six hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out four . Tyler Clippard pitched the ninth for his 32nd save . Aaron Harang ( 9 - 10 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings for the Dodgers . He walked two and struck out two . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning on Kurt Suzuki 's sacrifice fly . Hanley Ramirez tied it with a run - scoring single in the third . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Ryan Zimmerman 's RBI groundout . Zimmermann ( 11 - 8 ) allowed one run and six hits in six innings , striking out four and walking two . The right - hander has won his last three starts against the Dodgers , who have won six of their last seven . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games . The Dodgers have lost six of their last seven games and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Dodgers have lost six of their last seven games and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Dodgers have lost six of their last seven games and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Dodgers have lost six of their last seven games and are 1 - 4 on their nine - game homestand .
CHICAGO -- Nate Jones and the Chicago White Sox did n't need much offense . Nate Jones ( 8 - 0 ) pitched 2 2/3 innings of scoreless relief to earn the win , and Addison Reed got the final out for his 27th save in 31 chances as the White Sox beat the Detroit Tigers 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . The White Sox took two of three from the Tigers , who have won five of six . The White Sox scored three runs in the third to take a 3 - 0 lead . Austin Jackson had an RBI single and Young followed with a two - run single to give the White Sox a 3 - 0 lead . The White Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth on a two - run single by Delmon Young and a two - run single by Dayan Viciedo . Fister ( 9 - 9 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in four - plus innings . He struck out two and walked two . The Tigers took a 3 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run single by Dewayne Wise and a bases - loaded walk to Gordon Beckham . The White Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run single by Dayan Viciedo and a two - run single by Gordon Beckham . The White Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run single by Young and a two - run single by Dewayne Wise . The White Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run single by Austin Jackson and a two - run single by Dayan Viciedo . Fister ( 9 - 9 ) allowed five runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in four innings .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago Cubs have been waiting for Anthony Rizzo and the Pittsburgh Pirates . Rizzo hit two home runs , including a two - run shot , and drove in six runs to lead the Cubs to a 13 - 9 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Rizzo had a career - high six RBI , including a two - run homer in the fifth that gave the Cubs a 10 - 9 lead . It was Rizzo 's second multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Rizzo hit a two - run homer off Jared Hughes ( 2 - 2 ) in the sixth and added a three - run shot in the sixth to give the Cubs a 10 - 9 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Rizzo , who had a career - high six RBI . Rizzo had a two - run homer in the sixth and a three - run shot in the sixth to make it 10 - 9 . Joe Mather also homered for the Cubs . Jeff Beliveau ( 1 - 0 ) got the last two outs of the eighth for the win . Rod Barajas hit a two - run homer and Andrew McCutchen had two hits and two RBIs for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Alvarez hit a two - run homer in the fifth and a three - run shot in the sixth to give the Pirates a 9 - 5 lead . It was Alvarez 's first multi - homer game of the season and the first of his career . He also had a two - run shot off Chris Volstad in the fifth . Rizzo hit a two - run homer in the fifth and a two - run shot in the sixth to make it 10 - 9 . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Rizzo , who had a career - high six RBI . He had a two - run homer in the sixth and a three - run shot in the sixth to make it 10 - 9 . Rizzo hit a two - run homer off Chris Leroux in the sixth to make it 10 - 9 .
NEW YORK -- The New York Yankees are on their longest winning streak of the season . Russell Martin hit a three - run homer , Hiroki Kuroda pitched six effective innings and the New York Yankees beat the Tampa Bay Rays 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Derek Jeter had an RBI single and Alex Rodriguez had a sacrifice fly for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Ben Zobrist homered and drove in a run for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Rays starter Matt Moore ( 10 - 11 ) gave up five runs and three hits in three - plus innings . He walked four and struck out four . Rafael Soriano pitched a perfect ninth for his 40th save in 43 chances . Kuroda ( 14 - 10 ) gave up four runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out 10 , walked two and hit a batter . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in his last five starts , including a 4 - 2 loss at Tampa Bay on July 26 . The Yankees have won 10 of their last 13 games against the Rays , who have won six of their last seven . The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven . The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven . The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay went ahead 6 - 1 in the third on a two - run homer by Russell Martin , who was 0 - for - 4 with three strikeouts in his first three at - bats against Moore . Martin hit a three - run homer in the third to make it 5 - 1 , and the Yankees added three more in the fourth . Nunez walked , stole second and advanced to third on a throwing error by catcher Jose Molina . Nunez stole third and scored on Rodriguez 's single to make it 6 - 1 .
MIAMI -- Jacob Turner is making the most of his opportunity . Turner pitched seven innings of two - hit ball and Greg Dobbs hit a solo homer , leading the Miami Marlins to a 4 - 0 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Turner ( 2 - 3 ) allowed two hits and struck out three in seven innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out three , walked two and hit a batter . Greg Dobbs hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Marlins , who have won four of five . Bronson Arroyo ( 12 - 8 ) allowed four runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Reds have lost six of seven . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their past seven games . The Reds were shut out for the third time this season . They 've scored just four runs in their past three games . Justin Ruggiano had two hits and drove in a run for the Marlins .
TORONTO -- The Seattle Mariners have been waiting for Kevin Millwood to find a groove . Millwood won for the first time in more than a month , Edwin Encarnacion hit a two - run homer and the Mariners beat the Toronto Blue Jays 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Millwood ( 6 - 12 ) allowed two runs and two hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out three . Tom Wilhelmsen worked the ninth for his 26th save in 30 chances . Millwood allowed two runs and two hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out three . Seattle 's Ricky Romero ( 8 - 14 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . He walked four and struck out three . Miguel Olivo hit a solo homer in the second for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Toronto has hit at least one home run in eight straight games , the longest streak in the majors this season . Encarnacion hit a two - run homer off Romero in the fourth , his 19th . Franklin Gutierrez hit a two - run single off Romero in the fourth , and Encarnacion hit a two - run homer off Casey Janssen in the seventh . It was his 21st of the season and second in two games . Encarnacion hit a two - run shot off Romero in the fourth , his 19th . Toronto 's Kyle Seager had three hits , extending his hitting streak to a career - high 14 games . Colby Rasmus went 0 - for - 3 with a walk , extending his hitting streak to 11 games . The Blue Jays have scored a major league - high 37 runs in their past 10 games .
MILWAUKEE -- The Milwaukee Brewers have been waiting for Weeks to hit a home run in the last two games . Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer and Yovani Gallardo pitched seven strong innings to lead the Brewers to an 8 - 2 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . Rickie Weeks hit a three - run double and Jason Heyward added a solo homer for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Gallardo ( 15 - 8 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked three . The Braves have won five of their last six games . Milwaukee 's Paul Maholm ( 12 - 10 ) gave up eight runs -- six earned -- and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer in the fifth to give Atlanta a 3 - 2 lead . Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer off Paul Maholm ( 12 - 10 ) in the fifth to give the Brewers a 3 - 2 lead . Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer in the fifth to give the Brewers a 3 - 2 lead . Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer in the fifth for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Gallardo ( 15 - 8 ) gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked three . The Braves scored two runs in the fourth to take a 4 - 2 lead . Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer off Paul Maholm ( 12 - 10 ) to give Milwaukee a 3 - 2 lead . Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer in the bottom of the inning to give the Brewers a 3 - 2 lead . Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer off Maholm in the fifth to give Milwaukee a 3 - 2 lead . Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer off Maholm in the fifth to give the Brewers a 3 - 2 lead . Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer in the bottom of the inning to give the Braves a 3 - 2 lead .
DENVER -- Alex White 's first career pinch - hit homer was his first career pinch - hit homer , and the Colorado Rockies beat the San Francisco Giants 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Posey had three hits , including a two - run homer off Ryan Vogelsong ( 12 - 8 ) in the seventh that gave the Rockies a 6 - 4 lead . It was the first pinch - hit homer of the season for Posey , who hit a two - run shot in the seventh to give the Rockies a 6 - 4 lead . It was the first pinch - hit homer of the season for Posey , who hit a two - run shot in the seventh to give the Rockies a 6 - 4 lead . It was the first pinch - hit homer of the season for Posey , who hit a two - run shot in the seventh to give the Rockies a 6 - 4 lead . It was the first pinch - hit homer of the season for Posey , who had three hits and drove in two runs . Guillermo Moscoso ( 2 - 1 ) pitched two innings for the win . Rafael Betancourt worked a perfect ninth for his 28th save in 32 chances . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Jordan Pacheco and a run - scoring double by Josh Rutledge . Pence led off the second with a homer to left , his third of the season . The Rockies added a run in the fourth on a double by Chris Nelson and a run - scoring single by Charlie Blackmon . Brandon Belt had a run - scoring groundout in the fourth and a run - scoring groundout in the sixth .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Barry Zito has n't had much success against the Los Angeles Dodgers this season . Zito pitched four - hit ball into the seventh inning , Hunter Pence drove in two runs and the San Francisco Giants beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Zito ( 11 - 8 ) allowed four hits and struck out four in 6 1/3 innings to win for the first time in four starts . Buster Posey hit a solo homer in the sixth for San Francisco , which has won four of five . Joe Blanton ( 9 - 13 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings for Los Angeles . He struck out four and walked two . The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the first , but Zito struck out Andre Ethier and got Hanley Ramirez to ground into a double play . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Hunter Pence 's two - out , two - run double . Marco Scutaro 's sacrifice fly in the fifth gave the Giants a 3 - 0 lead . Posey homered off Javier Lopez in the sixth to make it 4 - 0 . It was Posey 's 14th of the season and second in two games . The Dodgers have won four straight and eight of 10 . San Francisco has lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . They have lost six of their last seven games and have lost six of their last seven . The Dodgers have lost six of their last seven games and have lost six of their last seven . They have lost six of seven .
BALTIMORE -- Alex Rodriguez and Russell Martin were the only ones to hit for the New York Yankees . Jones hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning , Russell Martin also went deep and the Yankees beat the Baltimore Orioles 8 - 5 on Tuesday night . Hughes ( 14 - 12 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . Alex Rodriguez hit a two - run homer and Steve Pearce hit a two - run shot for the Orioles , who have lost five of six . Chen gave up seven runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four , walked one and hit a batter . Baltimore 's Wei-Yin Chen ( 12 - 9 ) gave up seven runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts , including a no - decision against the New York Yankees last week . The Orioles have lost five of six and fell to 1 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . New York 's Manny Machado homered in the ninth off Rafael Soriano , who gave up a solo homer to Robert Andino in the ninth . It was his 36th of the season and second in two days . The Orioles have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Yankees this season . New York has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 against the Yankees this season . New York has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven .
SEATTLE -- The Boston Red Sox had a lot of opportunities against Kevin Millwood and the Boston Red Sox . Millwood allowed one run in six innings , Cody Ross had three hits and the Mariners beat the Boston Red Sox 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Millwood ( 5 - 12 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked three . Seattle starter Aaron Cook ( 3 - 9 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . Cody Ross had three hits and drove in a run for the Mariners . Dustin Ackley had a two - run single in the fourth inning and Cody Ross added a run - scoring double in the sixth to give Seattle a 2 - 0 lead . Tom Wilhelmsen pitched the ninth for his 24th save in 29 chances . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Jacoby Ellsbury led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch . Ellsbury stole third and scored on Ackley 's single to left . Seattle took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Jacoby Ellsbury led off with a single and scored on a double by Eric Thames . Seattle added another run in the sixth when Jacoby Ellsbury reached on an infield single and scored on a single by Kyle Seager . Boston loaded the bases with no outs in the third , but Millwood struck out Ryan Lavarnway and got Mike Carp to ground into a double play . Seattle had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Millwood struck out Justin Saltalamacchia to end the threat .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Hiroki Kuroda gave the New York Yankees a much - needed win . Kuroda pitched six strong innings , Russell Martin hit a go - ahead homer and the Yankees beat the Tampa Bay Rays 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Kuroda ( 13 - 10 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked two . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth for his 36th save . Matt Moore ( 10 - 9 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings for Tampa Bay . The right - hander struck out nine and walked one . Luke Scott and Russell Martin hit solo homers for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Tampa Bay took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on Evan Longoria 's RBI single . The Yankees took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on Martin 's two - run double . Martin gave the Yankees a 3 - 1 lead with a two - out , two - run double in the fifth . Martin gave the Yankees a 4 - 3 lead with a two - out homer off David Robertson in the sixth . Martin gave the Yankees a 4 - 3 lead with a two - out homer off David Robertson in the sixth . Martin gave the Yankees a 4 - 3 lead with a two - out homer off David Robertson in the sixth . Martin gave the Yankees a 4 - 3 lead with a two - out homer off David Robertson in the sixth . The Yankees tied it at 3 in the fourth on a two - run double by Alex Rodriguez and a two - run double by Ben Zobrist . Martin gave the Yankees a 4 - 3 lead with a two - out homer off David Robertson in the sixth . It was Martin 's fourth homer of the season and second in two games . Tampa Bay took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on Rodriguez 's RBI double and Martin 's two - run double .
ST. LOUIS -- R. A. Dickey and the New York Mets are on a roll . Dickey became the first 18 - game winner in the majors , and Ike Davis hit a three - run homer to lead the Mets to a 6 - 2 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Miller ( 18 - 4 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Mets have won three of four . Wainwright ( 13 - 12 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked two . Ike Davis hit a three - run homer in the fifth for a 5 - 1 lead . Daniel Murphy had three hits for the Mets , who have won three of four . The Mets have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Cardinals have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Cardinals have lost six of seven and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place New York Mets in the NL Central . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . The Cardinals have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Cardinals have lost six of seven and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place New York Mets in the NL Central . The Cardinals ' magic number for clinching the NL Central title was reduced to two games . The Cardinals ' magic number for clinching the NL Central title was reduced to two games . The Cardinals ' magic number for clinching the NL Central title was reduced to two .
ATLANTA -- Mike Minor had a simple explanation for his no - hitter . Minor pitched seven innings of one - hit ball to help the Atlanta Braves beat the Colorado Rockies 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Minor ( 8 - 10 ) gave up one hit in seven innings , striking out seven and walking four . Craig Kimbrel got four outs for his 33rd save . Alex White ( 2 - 8 ) allowed an unearned run and two hits in four innings . He walked four and struck out none . The Braves have lost three straight and six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven .
TORONTO -- The Baltimore Orioles have n't been able to do much this season . Joe Saunders pitched three - hit ball into the seventh inning , J. J. Hardy drove in two runs and the Orioles beat the Toronto Blue Jays 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Saunders ( 7 - 11 ) allowed three hits in 6 1/3 innings , walked two and struck out two . The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his past four starts . The Blue Jays have won six of their past seven games . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Happ , who lost for the first time in four starts , allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out a season - high nine . Happ ( 10 - 11 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out a season - high nine . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Manny Machado led off with a double and scored on a double by Nick Markakis . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Adam Lind singled , stole second and came home on a double by Nick Markakis . Blue Jays right - hander Brett Cecil left in the sixth with a sore right shoulder . He allowed one run and three hits , walked two and struck out none . Toronto 's Nate Lincoln worked the eighth and Pedro Strop worked a perfect eighth .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers had a chance to tie the game in the bottom of the ninth inning on A. J. Ellis ' RBI single with two outs and the bases loaded , and A. J. Ellis hit a two - out , bases - loaded single with the bases loaded to give the Dodgers a 4 - 3 victory over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night . Andre Ethier hit a tying homer off Luke Gregerson in the ninth , but the Dodgers rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night . Cory Burns ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss . Brandon League ( 1 - 6 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Cory Belisario gave up a two - out RBI single to A. J. Ellis in the bottom of the ninth . Andre Ethier tied the game 2 - all in the sixth with a solo homer off Dodgers starter Andrew Blanton , who allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . The right - hander struck out six and walked two . Chase Headley hit a two - run homer in the first inning for the Padres , who have lost four of five . The Padres tied the game at 2 in the fifth on Mark Ellis ' RBI single and a two - out walk to Will Venable . Ramirez tied the game 2 - all in the sixth with a two - out , two - run homer to left - center . It was his third homer of the season and second in two games . Ramirez tied the game 2 - all in the sixth with a two - out , two - run homer to left - center . The Dodgers tied it at 2 in the fifth on a two - out single by Mark Ellis and a run - scoring single by Mark Ellis .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels are doing their best to keep the Oakland Athletics in the AL West . Chris Iannetta homered and drove in three runs , C. J. Wilson pitched five effective innings and the Angels beat the Oakland Athletics 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Torii Hunter homered and drove in two runs for the Angels , who have won four of five . Josh Donaldson homered for the A 's , who have lost five of six . Wilson ( 11 - 9 ) allowed two runs and five hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out three . Wilson ( 11 - 10 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in three - plus innings . He struck out one and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Chris Iannetta homered and drove in three runs for the A 's , who have lost five of six . Wells hit a solo homer in the fourth and Hunter added a sacrifice fly in the sixth to make it 8 - 2 . Chris Carter hit a solo homer in the eighth for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Oakland has won six of seven . The A 's lost for the sixth time in eight games and fell to 1 - 6 on their nine - game West Coast trip . The A 's lost for the sixth time in seven games and fell to 1 - 6 on their nine - game West Coast trip . The A 's lost for the sixth time in seven games and fell to 1 - 6 on their nine - game West Coast trip . The A 's lost for the seventh time in nine games .
CHICAGO -- The San Francisco Giants are on the verge of a playoff berth . Alfonso Soriano hit a three - run homer , Angel Pagan had a pair of RBI singles and the San Francisco Giants beat the Chicago Cubs 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Giants starter Matt Cain gave up five runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked two . Alfonso Soriano hit a three - run homer and Brandon Belt had an RBI triple for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Cubs starter Travis Wood gave up four runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked one . Javier Lopez got the last two outs for his sixth save in seven chances . Marmol ( 2 - 3 ) gave up two runs and two hits in the ninth . He walked Brandon Crawford to start the inning , then gave up an RBI single to Marco Scutaro . Marco Scutaro followed with an RBI single to give the Giants a 6 - 5 lead . The Giants took a 5 - 3 lead in the fifth on Angel Pagan 's RBI single and Soriano 's three - run homer . The Giants tied it at 5 in the sixth on an RBI single by Angel Pagan and a run - scoring triple by David DeJesus . The Cubs tied it at 5 in the sixth on a two - out , two - run triple by Angel Pagan and a run - scoring triple by Buster Posey . The Cubs tied it at 5 in the sixth on an RBI triple by Brandon Belt and a run - scoring single by Pablo Sandoval .
DENVER -- Chase Headley had a career - high four hits , including a two - run homer in the third inning , and the Colorado Rockies beat the San Diego Padres 11 - 10 on Tuesday night . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth to give the Rockies a 7 - 3 lead . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth . He had a two - run single in the fourth , a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth , a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth that put the Rockies ahead 7 - 3 . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth , a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth to give the Rockies a 7 - 6 lead . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth to give the Rockies a 5 - 3 lead . Headley 's two - run single in the fourth made it 7 - 4 and chased Padres starter Casey Kelly , who gave up seven runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Guillermo Moscoso ( 1 - 1 ) got one out for the win . Rafael Betancourt gave up a run - scoring single to Alexi Amarista in the ninth before finishing for his 27th save in 31 chances .
TORONTO -- Wade Davis ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 2 1/3 innings of hitless relief , and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Toronto Blue Jays 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Matt Joyce homered and drove in three runs for the Rays , who have won four of five . Henderson Alvarez ( 7 - 12 ) allowed four runs and five hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out two . The Blue Jays have won five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . Ryan Roberts hit a solo homer in the third for the Blue Jays , who have lost three of four . Encarnacion hit a two - run double off Brad Lincoln in the third , and Joyce hit a two - run double in the third . Encarnacion hit a two - run homer off Brad Lincoln in the fourth , his 19th . Joyce hit a two - run double in the third , and Joyce hit a two - run double off Brad Lincoln in the eighth . Adam Lind hit a two - run single in the eighth , but Rodney got the final five outs for his 40th save . Tampa Bay 's Jeff Niemann struck out four in 3 1/3 innings of one - hit ball . The right - hander struck out four and did not walk a batter . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the third when Ben Zobrist hit an RBI double and Joyce followed with a two - run double . Toronto cut it to 5 - 4 in the bottom half when Joyce hit a two - run double off J. P. Howell . The Blue Jays cut it to 5 - 4 on Lind 's two - run single in the eighth .
DETROIT -- Max Scherzer 's first Opening Day start in more than a year helped the Detroit Tigers keep their playoff hopes alive . Scherzer struck out 10 in 5 2/3 innings , Jhonny Peralta hit two of Detroit 's four homers and the Tigers beat the New York Yankees 8 - 1 on Tuesday night . Scherzer ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and two hits in 5 2/3 innings , walking two and striking out 10 . The right - hander struck out the side in the first inning , then retired the side in order in the fifth and sixth . Miguel Cabrera hit a two - run homer and Austin Jackson added a solo shot for the Tigers . CC Sabathia ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and 11 hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . Peralta hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a solo shot off David Robertson in the eighth . It was Peralta 's second multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Peralta hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a solo shot in the seventh . It was Peralta 's second multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Peralta hit a two - run homer in the ninth off David Robertson to make it 8 - 1 . It was Peralta 's first multihomer game of the season and his first multihomer game of the season . It was the first multihomer game of his career , and the first of his career . Peralta hit a solo homer in the eighth , his second homer of the game , and a solo shot off Derek Lowe in the eighth .
ST. LOUIS -- Ryan Mattheus ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning to earn his first major league win , and the Washington Nationals beat the St. Louis Cardinals 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Ryan Zimmerman had a throwing error in the eighth inning and Ian Desmond had three hits for the Nationals , who have won three of four . Mitchell Boggs ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing two unearned runs in two - thirds of an inning . The Cardinals have lost five of their last six games and are 4 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . St. Louis starter Adam Wainwright struck out 10 in 5 2/3 innings , giving up one run and six hits . He walked three and struck out 10 . Wainwright struck out 10 in 5 2/3 innings , allowing one run and six hits with three walks and a season - high 10 strikeouts . He walked three and struck out 10 . The Cardinals took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Jon Jay and a two - out , two - run single by pinch - hitter Tyler Moore . Kurt Suzuki 's RBI single in the second gave the Cardinals a 1 - 0 lead . The Cardinals tied it in the second on a sacrifice fly by Jayson Werth . The Cardinals tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Moore , who entered as a pinch - hitter in the eighth and delivered a two - out , two - run single off Marc Rzepczynski . Drew Storen pitched a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth for his first save of the season .
MIAMI -- Donovan Solano had a career - high four hits , including a game - winning single in the 11th inning , and the Miami Marlins beat the New York Mets 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Jose Reyes led off the 11th with a double off Collin McHugh ( 0 - 4 ) and scored the winning run on Carlos Lee 's single . Donovan Solano had a career - high four hits for the Marlins . Chad Gaudin ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning for the win . Miami 's Jacob Turner allowed one run and three hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Gorkys Hernandez hit a solo homer for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Mets starter R. A. Dickey gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out eight and did not walk a batter . The Mets scored three runs in the eighth to take a 3 - 0 lead . David Wright had an RBI single and Daniel Murphy scored on a wild pitch to make it 3 - 3 . The Mets had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Jon Rauch struck out pinch - hitter Ronny Cedeno to end the threat . The Mets had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Jon Rauch struck out Ike Davis to end the inning . Ike Davis singled with one out in the ninth , but pinch - hitter Adam Greenberg was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second on a single by Giancarlo Stanton . The Mets had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Jon Rauch struck out pinch - hitter Adam Greenberg and got Ike Davis to ground into a double play .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Travis Blackley has been a tough - luck loser for the Oakland Athletics . Blackley pitched six strong innings , Jonny Gomes hit a tiebreaking home run in the sixth inning and the A 's beat the Texas Rangers 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Blackley ( 6 - 4 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings , struck out five and walked two . The right - hander is 6 - 0 in his last eight starts against the Rangers , who have won four of their last five . Grant Balfour pitched the ninth for his 24th save in 28 chances . Matt Harrison ( 18 - 11 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . The A 's have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place Los Angeles Angels in the AL West . Josh Hamilton hit an RBI double in the third for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Derek Norris hit a run - scoring grounder in the fifth for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Gomes homered in the sixth to make it 3 - 1 . It was Gomes ' fourth homer of the season and second in two days . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Josh Donaldson 's two - out RBI double . Hamilton 's RBI double in the third gave the A 's a 2 - 1 lead . Oakland tied it in the bottom half on Brandon Moss ' two - out triple and a two - run single by Derek Norris .
MILWAUKEE -- The Milwaukee Brewers had a chance to take the lead in the ninth inning , but the Brewers could n't get the ball out of the strike zone . Martin Maldonado hit a grand slam , Will Venable had an RBI single and the Brewers beat the San Diego Padres 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Jim Henderson ( 1 - 2 ) struck out two in a perfect inning for the win . John Axford pitched the ninth for his 35th save in 38 chances . The Padres have lost five of six . Martin Maldonado hit a three - run homer in the third inning off Anthony Bass ( 2 - 8 ) to give the Brewers a 4 - 0 lead . Bass ( 2 - 8 ) was charged with four runs and three hits in three innings . He walked three and struck out three . Maldonado hit a three - run homer in the third off Anthony Bass ( 2 - 8 ) to give the Brewers a 4 - 0 lead . It was Maldonado 's fourth career grand slam and second this season . It was the second time this season the Brewers have hit back - to - back homers . Will Venable had an RBI single in the sixth for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Maldonado hit a three - run homer in the third off Anthony Bass to give the Brewers a 4 - 0 lead . It was Maldonado 's fourth career grand slam and second this season . It was the second time this season the Brewers have hit back - to - back homers . Chase Headley doubled and scored on a single by Jesus Guzman in the sixth to make it 4 - 3 . The Padres loaded the bases with one out in the sixth , but Tyler Thornburg struck out Logan Forsythe to end the inning .
ST. LOUIS -- Mat Latos and the Cincinnati Reds did n't need much offense . Latos pitched six scoreless innings , Yadier Molina had three hits and the Reds beat Adam Wainwright and the St. Louis Cardinals 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Latos ( 2 - 0 ) allowed five hits , struck out four and walked three in his second start of the season . Wainwright ( 4 - 2 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . Aroldis Chapman pitched the ninth for his sixth save in seven chances . The Cardinals have won four of five and are 5 - 1 against St. Louis this season . Joey Votto had two hits and an RBI for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Joey Votto had two hits and an RBI for St. Louis , which has lost three of four . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost six of seven and are 2 - 5 against the Reds this season . St. Louis has lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Cardinals have lost six of seven .
SEATTLE -- Joe Saunders has been a big part of the Seattle Mariners ' rotation . Saunders pitched a four - hitter for his second career complete game , Matt Wieters hit a two - run homer and the Mariners beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Saunders ( 2 - 3 ) allowed four hits , struck out two and walked one in his second complete game of the season . It was the second complete game of his career , and his first since July 29 , 2011 , against the New York Yankees . The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in each of his last six starts . The Mariners have won five of their last six games and have won six of their last seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Britton ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked two . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Matt Wieters ' two - run homer , but the Mariners answered in the bottom half . Justin Smoak led off with a double and scored on Bay 's double to right . Bay followed with an RBI double to give the Mariners a 3 - 2 lead . Saunders added a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the sixth and Brendan Ryan added an RBI single in the sixth to give the Mariners a 6 - 2 lead . Seattle took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Wieters ' two - run homer , his second of the season . It was Wieters ' second homer in two games .
WASHINGTON -- Bryce Harper and the Washington Nationals are on a roll . Harper hit a two - run homer and Dan Haren pitched six solid innings to lead the Nationals to a 6 - 3 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . The Nationals have won four of five . Harper hit a two - run homer off Mike Leake ( 1 - 1 ) in the fourth inning to give the Nationals a 6 - 1 lead . Haren ( 2 - 3 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked none . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth for his seventh save . Mike Leake ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in three innings . He walked three and struck out one . Shin-Soo Choo homered for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Cincinnati took a 2 - 0 lead in the second inning on a run - scoring single by Brandon Phillips and a run - scoring single by Denard Span . Harper 's two - run homer in the fourth gave the Nationals a 6 - 1 lead , and Choo 's solo homer in the sixth gave the Nationals a 6 - 1 lead . It was Harper 's third home run of the season and second in two games . The Nationals added a run in the seventh on Todd Frazier 's two - out RBI single off Tyler Clippard . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Ian Desmond and a run - scoring single by Denard Span . Harper 's two - run homer in the fourth gave the Nationals a 6 - 1 lead . It was Harper 's third home run of the season . The Nationals scored three runs in the fourth to take a 6 - 1 lead . Choo hit a leadoff homer in the sixth and Harper hit a two - run shot in the fourth to make it 6 - 2 . It was Harper 's third home run of the season .
NEW YORK -- Jonathan Pettibone and the Philadelphia Phillies are on a roll . Jonathan Pettibone won for the first time in more than a year , Domonic Brown hit a three - run homer and the Phillies beat the New York Mets 9 - 4 on Tuesday night . Pettibone ( 1 - 0 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . Pettibone ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings , striking out four and walking two . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts , including a 1 - 0 record at Citi Field this season . Shaun Marcum ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and five hits in four innings for the Mets , who have lost four of five . John Buck hit a solo homer in the ninth for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Mets starter Robert Niese allowed five runs -- three earned -- and five hits in a season - low four - plus innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Ryan Howard and a run - scoring double by Chase Utley . The Mets tied it in the third on an RBI double by David Wright and a sacrifice fly by Jordany Valdespin . The Mets took a 3 - 1 lead in the third on an RBI double by Ike Davis and a run - scoring double by Ryan Howard . Brown hit a three - run homer off Carson Carson in the seventh .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are on their longest winning streak of the season . Adrian Gonzalez hit a go - ahead , two - run double in the seventh inning and the Dodgers held on for a 7 - 5 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Alex Gonzalez and Justin Sellers each had two hits and scored three runs for the Dodgers . Ronald Belisario ( 2 - 2 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win , and Brandon League gave up a run in the ninth before getting his seventh save in as many attempts . Gonzalez had three hits , including a two - run double in the seventh that gave the Dodgers a 5 - 4 lead . Jean Segura had two hits and drove in two runs for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Gonzalez ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up a run and one hit in two - thirds of an inning . The right - hander walked two and struck out two . The Dodgers took a 4 - 3 lead in the fifth on a two - run homer by Yuniesky Betancourt and a run - scoring single by Andre Ethier . Ryan Braun hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Milwaukee starter Josh Beckett allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out five and walked two . The right - hander was charged with three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out five and walked two . Burgos allowed three runs and four hits in six innings , struck out three and walked two .
CHICAGO -- Adam Dunn hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the sixth inning , and the Chicago White Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Sale ( 2 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Addison Reed pitched the ninth for his seventh save . Jeremy Hellickson ( 1 - 2 ) allowed five runs and five hits in six innings for the Rays , who have lost five of six . Adam Dunn hit a two - run homer in the sixth for Tampa Bay , which has lost four of five . The Rays have lost five of six . The White Sox have lost six of seven . They have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox scored three runs in the first inning off Jeremy Hellickson ( 1 - 2 ) . Jeff Keppinger had an RBI double and Evan Longoria followed with a run - scoring single to make it 3 - 1 . Jose Lobaton cut the deficit to 3 - 2 with a solo homer in the fourth , his second of the season . The White Sox have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their current 10 - game road trip . The Rays have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Rays have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Rays have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Rays have lost six of seven .
WASHINGTON -- Bryce Harper and the Washington Nationals are on a roll . Bryce Harper hit his first home run of the season , Danny Espinosa hit a two - run homer and the Nationals beat the Cincinnati Reds 8 - 1 on Tuesday night . Gonzalez ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and struck out seven in his longest outing of the season . He struck out seven and walked two . Denard Span had three hits , including a two - run triple , and Joey Votto homered for the Nationals . Bronson Arroyo ( 2 - 2 ) allowed six runs -- five earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked one . Harper led off the third inning with a drive to right - center for a 6 - 0 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Arroyo in his last five starts . Espinosa 's two - run homer in the third gave the Nationals a 6 - 0 lead . Espinosa 's two - run homer in the third gave the Nationals a 6 - 0 lead . Espinosa 's two - run homer in the third gave the Nationals a 6 - 0 lead . It was the first home run by a Washington starter this season . Espinosa 's two - run homer in the third gave the Nationals a 6 - 0 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Arroyo this season . The Nationals added a run in the third on an RBI single by Span and a run - scoring groundout by Ian Desmond . Espinosa 's two - run homer in the third gave the Nationals a 6 - 0 lead . It was the first home run by a Washington starter this season . Votto 's solo shot in the fourth was his 21st of the season and second in two games .
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting for Edwin Encarnacion to come off the disabled list . Edwin Encarnacion hit a three - run homer , Manny Machado had a two - run single and the Orioles beat the Toronto Blue Jays 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Edwin Matusz ( 2 - 3 ) allowed four runs , six hits and five walks in six innings for the Blue Jays , who have lost five of six . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven and are 1 - 6 on their 10 - game homestand . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of their last seven games . The Blue Jays have lost six of their past seven games and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand .
BOSTON -- Alex Gordon and the Kansas City Royals did n't waste any time scoring . Alex Gordon and Billy Butler hit back - to - back homers off Andrew Miller in the eighth inning , lifting the Royals to a 5 - 4 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night . Gordon led off the 10th with a single off Andrew Miller ( 0 - 1 ) , who was making his major league debut . Miller ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss . Alex Gordon had three hits , including a solo homer , and drove in a run for the Red Sox . Kelvin Herrera ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two innings for the win . Greg Holland struck out the side in the 10th for his fifth save . Mike Napoli homered and drove in two runs for the Red Sox , who have lost three of four . Boston starter Jeremy Guthrie gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings , walking four and striking out two . The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the second when Gordon led off with a double and scored on a single by Napoli . The Red Sox tied it in the second when Alcides Escobar hit a two - out single , stole second and scored on Dustin Pedroia 's single . Napoli led off the bottom of the second with a homer to left , his third of the season . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom half when Gordon led off with a double and scored on a single by Jacoby Ellsbury . Gordon led off the second with a double and scored on a single by Napoli . The Red Sox tied it in the second on a two - out RBI single by Eric Hosmer .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Tampa Bay Rays are on their longest winning streak of the season . Evan Longoria hit a two - run homer , Alex Cobb pitched into the eighth inning and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Oakland Athletics 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Jed Lowrie had four hits and drove in a run for the Rays , who have won four of five . Cobb ( 2 - 1 ) gave up three runs and 10 hits in 7 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out three . Coco Crisp hit a solo homer in the seventh for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Brett Anderson ( 1 - 3 ) gave up four runs and four hits in one - plus innings . The right - hander , who has lost his last three starts , gave up a two - run homer to Evan Longoria in the fourth . Longoria 's two - run homer in the fourth gave the Rays a 8 - 2 lead . It was the first time this season the Rays have hit back - to - back homers . Lowrie had an RBI single in the first and a two - run single in the fourth . Longoria 's two - run homer off Evan Scribner in the fourth made it 8 - 2 . The A 's scored four runs in the first inning off Brett Resop . Ben Zobrist drove in a run with a single and Ryan Roberts followed with an RBI single to make it 5 - 2 . Cobb ( 2 - 1 ) gave up three runs and 10 hits in 7 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out three .
BALTIMORE -- On a night when the Baltimore Orioles used a four - run ninth inning to beat the Tampa Bay Rays 10 - 6 , Matt Wieters hit a game - ending grand slam in the 10th inning . Matt Wieters hit a two - run homer in the bottom half , and the Orioles rallied for a 10 - 6 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Baltimore trailed 5 - 4 in the seventh before rallying against Jamey Wright ( 0 - 1 ) . Nick Markakis led off with a single , Adam Jones singled and Wieters hit a 1 - 1 pitch into the left - field seats . It was his first career walk - off homer , and the first game - ending shot of his career . Troy Patton ( 1 - 0 ) worked the 10th for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Evan Longoria and Nolan Reimold hit two - run homers for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Desmond Jennings homered and drove in two runs for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Rays starter David Price allowed five runs and eight hits in six innings . The right - hander struck out six and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . Tampa Bay starter Miguel Gonzalez gave up five runs , four earned , and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out one . The Rays took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning . Manny Machado hit an RBI double and scored on a two - out single by Chris Davis . Tampa Bay took a 4 - 3 lead in the bottom half on Molina 's sacrifice fly and Molina 's sacrifice fly . In the bottom half , Loney hit a two - run homer , his third of the season , and Reimold followed with a two - run shot .
TORONTO -- R. A. Dickey 's knuckleball was n't much better . Dickey pitched six innings of two - hit ball to win his second straight start , and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 2 - 2 ) allowed two hits in six innings to win for the first time in four starts . He walked one and struck out seven . Casey Janssen pitched the ninth for his fifth save . Chris Sale ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out six . The White Sox lost for the seventh time in nine games . Chicago 's Melky Cabrera went 0 - for - 4 and is hitless in his past 16 at - bats . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . Chicago 's Adam Dunn went 0 - for - 3 , dropping his average to .105 . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Chicago 's Jordan Jones pitched a perfect eighth and Casey Janssen finished for his fifth save in as many chances . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . The Blue Jays have lost six of their past eight games and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Blue Jays have lost 10 of their past 12 games at Rogers Centre , their longest such streak since a 10 - game run in June 1962 . Chicago 's Paul Konerko went 0 - for - 3 with a walk , dropping his average to .241 . The Blue Jays have lost six of their past eight games .
SEATTLE -- Max Scherzer did n't make it out of the fifth inning , and the Detroit right - hander did n't make it out of the fifth inning . The right - hander struck out 12 in eight innings , Brayan Pena drove in the go - ahead run in the 14th inning and the Tigers beat the Seattle Mariners 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Scherzer struck out 12 in eight innings , allowing one run and six hits . He struck out 12 and walked one . Detroit 's Felix Hernandez allowed one run and five hits in eight innings . He struck out 12 and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Tigers have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game road trip . Seattle starter Drew Smyly ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 14th to earn the win . Joaquin Benoit pitched the 14th for his first save . Charlie Ibanez had an RBI single in the seventh for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Seattle starter Felix Hernandez allowed one run and five hits in eight innings . He struck out 12 and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Mariners had a chance to score in the seventh when Kendrys Morales led off with a single and advanced to second on a wild pitch . But Hernandez struck out Franklin Gutierrez and got Fielder to ground into a double play to end the threat . The Mariners had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Darin Downs struck out pinch - hitter Endy Chavez to end the threat .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox had a chance to take a 2 - 1 lead in the top of the ninth inning . Mike Napoli 's RBI double with one out in the bottom of the ninth lifted the Red Sox to a 3 - 2 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Desmond Jennings led off the ninth with a single off Joel Peralta ( 0 - 1 ) , stole second and scored on Ben Zobrist 's single . Mike Napoli followed with an RBI double to make it 3 - 2 . Andrew Bailey ( 1 - 0 ) earned his first major league win with a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth . Dempster allowed one run on two hits and two walks , striking out 10 in seven innings . Evan Longoria hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Hellickson allowed two runs and three hits in seven innings , striking out nine and walking one . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jacoby Ellsbury led off with a double and scored on Shane Victorino 's groundout . Boston starter Jeremy Hellickson allowed two runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Saltalamacchia led off the fifth with a homer into the Green Monster seats . Boston tied it in the ninth on Ben Zobrist 's run - scoring single and Stephen Drew 's two - out single . The Rays tied it 2 - all in the fifth when Longoria homered into the Green Monster seats . Boston tied it in the ninth on Ben Zobrist 's RBI single and Saltalamacchia 's homer .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals finally got a chance to win the game . Alex Gordon singled home the winning run with one out in the ninth inning , lifting the Kansas City Royals to a 3 - 2 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night . Alex Gordon 's RBI single with one out in the ninth off Darren Oliver ( 0 - 1 ) scored Chris Getz , who led off the inning with a single . It was the first walk - off hit of his career , and the first walk - off hit of his career . Gordon stole second and advanced to third on catcher Salvador Perez 's throwing error . Alex Gordon followed with an RBI single to give the Royals a 2 - 2 lead . Kelvin Herrera ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Edwin Encarnacion hit a solo homer for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Toronto starter Ervin Santana allowed two runs and seven hits in eight innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Blue Jays tied it in the sixth when Billy Butler led off with a single , stole second and scored on Lorenzo Cain 's single . The Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Rajai Davis , but the Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half on Jarrod Dyson 's two - out error . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Alcides Escobar hit a sacrifice fly . The Blue Jays tied it in the third when Melky Cabrera singled , stole second and scored on Encarnacion 's groundout .
ST. LOUIS -- The Milwaukee Brewers ' bullpen could n't hold it . Jonathan Lucroy hit a tiebreaking homer in the 10th inning , and the Brewers beat the St. Louis Cardinals 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Jonathan Lucroy hit a solo homer in the 10th off Fernando Salas ( 0 - 2 ) for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Brandon Kintzler ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for his first major league win . Burke Badenhop got the final out for his first save of the season . Ryan Braun hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Carlos Gomez had three hits for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Matt Adams homered for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Cardinals starter Marco Estrada allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Cardinals starter Jaime Garcia allowed seven hits in seven scoreless innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Cardinals scored twice in the third to take a 2 - 0 lead . Braun hit a two - run homer off Marco Estrada to cut Milwaukee 's lead to 2 - 2 . Yadier Molina followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 . The Cardinals added a run in the fourth on an error by third baseman Norichika Aoki . The Cardinals loaded the bases with no outs in the third , but Estrada struck out Allen Craig and got Braun to ground into a double play . The Cardinals added a run in the fourth on an RBI single by Matt Holliday .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- The Detroit Tigers are doing their best to get back on track . Torii Hunter and Jhonny Peralta hit three - run homers , Justin Verlander pitched six strong innings and the Detroit Tigers beat the Oakland Athletics 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Prince Fielder and Derek Norris each had two hits and drove in a run for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Verlander ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings , struck out six and walked three . The right - hander struck out six , walked three and hit a batter . Torii Hunter hit a solo homer for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Brett Anderson ( 1 - 2 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings for the A 's , who have lost four of five . The A 's lost for the fifth time in six games and fell to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game road trip . The A 's lost for the seventh time in nine games and fell to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game road trip . The A 's lost for the seventh time in nine games and fell to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game road trip . The A 's lost for the seventh time in nine games and fell to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game road trip . The A 's lost for the seventh time in nine games and fell to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game road trip . The A 's lost for the seventh time in nine games and fell to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game homestand .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago Cubs ' bullpen could n't come through in the eighth inning against the Milwaukee Brewers . David DeJesus hit a two - run single in the eighth inning , and the Cubs rallied to beat the Milwaukee Brewers 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Cubs starter Travis Wood gave up three runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Cubs starter Wily Peralta gave up three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Kyuji Fujikawa pitched the ninth for his second save . John Axford ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up three runs and one hit in two - thirds of an inning . He walked two and threw a wild pitch before he was replaced by Alfredo Figaro . Carlos Marmol ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Cubs starter Travis Wood allowed three runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . The right - hander struck out six and walked three . Cubs starter Travis Wood allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six , walked three and hit a batter . Ryan Braun had two hits and drove in a run for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning on Jean Segura 's RBI double and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Norichika Aoki . Rizzo 's RBI groundout in the fifth made it 3 - 1 .
SEATTLE -- Jose Altuve and the rest of the Houston Astros ' lineup did n't help . Altuve had four hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in four runs to lead the Astros to a 16 - 9 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . Altuve had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second inning , and a two - run double in the fourth . He also had a two - run double in the first and a two - run homer in the fourth . Altuve had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second inning , and a two - run double in the fourth . He had a two - run double in the first and a two - run homer in the fourth . Carter hit a solo homer in the eighth and a solo shot in the ninth . The Astros scored four runs in the first inning off Brandon Maurer ( 0 - 2 ) , who gave up six runs and seven hits in two - thirds of an inning . Carlos Pena hit a two - run double and Martinez followed with a two - run homer to give the Astros a 6 - 0 lead . It was the fourth time this season the Astros have hit back - to - back home runs . Altuve had a two - run double in the first inning and added a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Astros a 13 - 0 lead . It was the fourth time this season the Astros have hit back - to - back home runs . Altuve had a two - run double in the first inning and added a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Astros a 13 - 0 lead . It was the fourth time this season the Astros have hit back - to - back home runs this season . Altuve had a two - run double in the first inning and added a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Astros a 13 - 0 lead . It was the fourth time this season the Astros have hit back - to - back home runs this season .
CHICAGO -- The Milwaukee Brewers had a lot of chances against the Chicago Cubs . Marco Estrada pitched seven strong innings , Martin Maldonado hit a two - run homer and the Brewers beat the Chicago Cubs 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Estrada ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . Jim Henderson pitched the ninth for his first save . Edwin Jackson ( 0 - 2 ) allowed five runs and eight hits in six innings for the Cubs . He walked five and struck out six . Welington Castillo hit a two - run homer in the second for the Brewers , who have won five of six . The Cubs have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game road trip . The Cubs have lost six of their last seven games . The Cubs scored four runs in the first inning off Edwin Stewart to take a 4 - 0 lead . Alex Gonzalez drew a bases - loaded walk and Maldonado followed with a three - run double to give the Brewers a 4 - 0 lead . The Brewers made it 5 - 0 in the second on a run - scoring double by Norichika Aoki and a run - scoring double by Ryan Braun . Castillo hit a two - run homer in the second to cut the Brewers ' lead to 5 - 2 . Castillo 's two - run homer in the second made it 5 - 2 . Castillo hit a two - run homer in the second to make it 5 - 2 . Maldonado had three hits and drove in three runs .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Ervin Santana has been a big part of the Kansas City Royals ' rotation . Santana pitched eight strong innings , Alcides Escobar hit a tiebreaking double in the eighth inning and the Royals beat the Minnesota Twins 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Santana ( 1 - 1 ) gave up eight hits , struck out seven and walked one . The right - hander was 0 - 3 in his previous five starts , but the right - hander did n't allow a hit until Lorenzo Cain 's one - out double in the fourth . Lorenzo Cain followed with a double and scored on Ryan Doumit 's two - out single . Santana , who had been 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous six starts , allowed eight hits and one run in his first start since May 29 . He struck out seven and walked one . Aaron Crow worked the ninth for his first save . Kevin Correia ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in 7 1/3 innings for the Twins . He walked one and struck out one . Alex Gordon and Billy Butler had run - scoring singles in the eighth to give the Royals a 2 - 1 lead . Kansas City added a run in the eighth on Billy Butler 's two - out RBI single off Jared Burton . Kansas City had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Aaron Hicks grounded into a double play to end the threat . Kansas City had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Aaron Hicks grounded into a double play .
NEW YORK -- The New York Mets are on the verge of a playoff berth . John Buck hit a go - ahead two - run double in the sixth inning , and the New York Mets beat the Miami Marlins 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . David Wright had three hits , including an RBI single , and Greg Dobbs had a pair of RBI singles for the Mets , who have won four of five . Mets starter Jonathon Niese gave up two runs -- one earned -- and eight hits in six - plus innings . He walked two and struck out five . Brandon Lyon ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Ryan Webb ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing three runs -- two earned -- and two hits in 1 2/3 innings . Ryan Parnell pitched a perfect eighth and Chad Qualls finished for the Mets , who have won four of five . Mets starter Ricky Nolasco gave up three runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Greg Dobbs ' two - out RBI single . Greg Dobbs had an RBI single in the first and a two - run single in the sixth to give the Marlins a 3 - 2 lead . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Buck 's sacrifice fly . The Marlins tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Ike Davis . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Dobbs ' two - out RBI single .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Adrian Beltre hit a go - ahead homer in the seventh inning , and the Texas Rangers beat the Los Angeles Angels 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Adrian Beltre hit a tiebreaking homer in the seventh inning and Ian Kinsler added a run - scoring single in the eighth to help the Rangers to a 3 - 2 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . The Rangers have won five of their last six games against the Angels , who have won seven of their last 10 games against the Angels . Adrian Beltre hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Derek Holland allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings for the Angels . He struck out five and walked one . Tanner Scheppers ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Joe Nathan pitched the ninth for his first save . Scott Downs ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing one run and two hits in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth . Angels starter Jason Vargas gave up one run and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander struck out four and walked two . The right - hander was coming off a 1 - 0 loss to the Los Angeles Angels in his first start of the season . The Angels took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth when Iannetta led off with a double and scored on a double by Nelson Cruz . The Angels tied it in the fifth when Mitch Moreland drew a leadoff walk , stole second and scored on a double by Mike Trout . The Angels tied it in the fifth when Craig Gentry led off with a single , stole second and scored on Pierzynski 's triple into the right - field corner . The Rangers tied it in the fifth on a two - out RBI double by Pierzynski , who had three hits .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Matt Joyce and the Tampa Bay Rays finally got a win . Joyce hit a solo homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Rays a 8 - 7 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . The Rays trailed 4 - 0 before rallying for a 5 - 4 lead in the sixth . Joyce led off the ninth with a homer off Tommy Hunter ( 0 - 1 ) , and Zobrist followed with a run - scoring single off Pedro Strop to make it 7 - 5 . The Rays took a 5 - 4 lead in the seventh on Davis ' RBI single and Matt Wieters ' run - scoring single off Joel Peralta . Fernando Rodney ( 1 - 0 ) allowed a run in the top of the ninth to get the win . Davis had four hits , including a three - run homer off Jeremy Hellickson in the first inning that put the Rays ahead 4 - 0 . The Rays took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a three - run homer by Davis and a two - out , three - run shot by Davis . It was the fourth time this season the Rays have hit back - to - back home runs . Davis had a two - out RBI single in the sixth , and Duncan hit a three - run homer off Wei-Yin Chen in the sixth to make it 4 - 4 . The Orioles took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Nick Markakis and a run - scoring single by Manny Machado . The Orioles took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on Davis ' RBI single and a two - out RBI single by Nate McLouth .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Michael Iwakuma 's first start of the season helped the Seattle Mariners end a three - game losing streak . Michael Morse hit a pair of three - run homers , Hisashi Iwakuma pitched six strong innings and the Mariners beat the Oakland Athletics 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Iwakuma ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and two hits in six innings , struck out seven and walked none . The right - hander was coming off a two - hit shutout in a 1 - 0 win over the New York Yankees in which he was tagged for four runs in a loss to the New York Yankees . Yoenis Cespedes hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot in the second inning off Jarrod Parker ( 0 - 1 ) . Morse hit a three - run shot in the third and a solo shot off Grant Balfour in the ninth . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Morse , who hit a three - run drive in the third inning to give the Mariners a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Morse , who had a career - high four RBIs . Kendrys Morales had an RBI single in the fifth , and Justin Smoak drew a bases - loaded walk in the seventh to make it 6 - 1 . Kyle Seager had three hits and drove in a run for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Oakland has lost four of five . The A 's have lost five of their first six games at home . The A 's have lost five of their first six games and are 2 - 6 on their current 10 - game road trip .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Jason Vargas and the Los Angeles Angels did n't waste any time getting to him . Vargas pitched seven innings of five - hit ball , Chris Iannetta drove in the go - ahead run in the sixth inning and the Angels beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Vargas ( 5 - 3 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings , struck out six and walked two . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.91 ERA in his last five starts . Ernesto Frieri pitched the ninth for his 12th save . Ted Lilly ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three , walked three and hit a batter . Ramon Hernandez hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Dodgers starter Ronald Belisario gave up three hits in 1 1 - 3 scoreless innings , striking out one and walking none . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Adrian Gonzalez 's sacrifice fly . Alberto Callaspo drove in the Angels ' first run with a two - out single in the fourth . Chris Nelson 's RBI single in the sixth gave the Angels a 3 - 2 lead . The Angels took a 2 - 1 lead in the second when Carl Crawford led off with a single , stole second and scored on Chris Iannetta 's two - out double . Chris Nelson 's RBI single in the sixth gave the Angels a 3 - 2 lead . Los Angeles tied it in the bottom half on Kendrick 's two - out single , and Kendrick scored on a wild pitch .
ATLANTA -- The Toronto Blue Jays have been waiting for the Toronto Blue Jays to get back to .500 . Melky Cabrera had three hits , including a two - run single in the second inning , and the Blue Jays beat the Atlanta Braves 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . The Blue Jays have won four of five . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Atlanta 's Kris Medlen ( 1 - 6 ) gave up three runs , four hits and one walk in two innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 5.40 ERA in his last six starts . The Braves have lost five of six . The Braves have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . Atlanta has lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Braves , who have lost four of five , were shut out for the third time this season . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Braves , who have lost three of four , took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on J. P. Arencibia 's RBI fielder 's choice . J. P. Perez ( 1 - 0 ) struck out four in 2 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Casey Janssen pitched the ninth for his 11th save in 13 chances . Atlanta 's David Carpenter , who had n't pitched in the majors since Sept. 17 , was recalled from Triple-A Gwinnett earlier in the day . David Carpenter pitched three scoreless innings in relief of David Carpenter . David Carpenter pitched three innings of scoreless relief for Atlanta . David Carpenter pitched three innings of scoreless relief for Atlanta . David Carpenter pitched three innings of scoreless relief , and Jordan Walden pitched a 1 - 2 - 3 eighth .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Tampa Bay manager Joe Maddon was n't happy with his team 's winning streak . Chris Coghlan and Yunel Escobar each had three hits and drove in two runs , and the Rays beat the Miami Marlins 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Chris Coghlan hit a solo homer and drove in three runs for the Rays , who have won four of five . Miami has won six of seven . The Rays have won five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Marlins have lost four of five . Miami starter Kevin Slowey allowed four runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . The right - hander struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Marlins took a 6 - 5 lead in the sixth against Mike Dunn ( 1 - 1 ) , who gave up two runs and five hits in 1 2/3 innings . Fernando Rodney ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Chad Hellickson gave up five runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Marlins , who have lost five of six . The Marlins have lost six of seven . Miami went ahead 5 - 0 in the third on Justin Ruggiano 's RBI single and Coghlan 's two - run triple . Coghlan 's two - run triple gave the Marlins a 3 - 0 lead in the third . Escobar had an RBI double in the fourth and a run - scoring double in the fourth to cut the deficit to 5 - 4 . The Marlins took a 6 - 5 lead in the sixth on a two - run double by Jose Lobaton and a run - scoring double by Kelly Johnson .
DETROIT -- Justin Verlander was n't surprised by the Detroit Tigers ' performance . Verlander struck out 13 in seven innings , Jhonny Peralta had four hits and drove in three runs , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 6 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out a season - high 13 . Jose Valverde pitched the ninth for his sixth save in as many chances . Francisco Liriano ( 3 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out three . Victor Martinez hit a two - run double in the fifth to give the Tigers a 4 - 1 lead . Travis Snider had an RBI triple and scored on Brayan Pena 's bases - loaded walk to make it 6 - 3 . Neil Walker had an RBI double in the seventh , and Russell Martin had a run - scoring single in the eighth to make it 6 - 4 . Gaby Sanchez 's RBI double in the eighth made it 6 - 5 . Mike Zagurski pitched a scoreless eighth and Jose Valverde finished for his sixth save in as many chances . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Andrew McCutchen 's sacrifice fly . The Tigers tied it in the bottom half on Martinez 's two - out , two - run double . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Peralta 's RBI single , but the Tigers tied it in the bottom half on Peralta 's RBI single .
NEW YORK -- Dan Uggla hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the New York Mets rallied to beat the Atlanta Braves 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Dan Uggla hit a tying , two - run homer in the seventh , and Lucas Duda and John Buck each had an RBI single in the eighth to help the Mets win for the sixth time in seven games . Bobby Parnell struck out two in a perfect ninth for his seventh save in nine chances . LaTroy Hawkins ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Cory Gearrin ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and four hits in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth . Cory Hawkins ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for his first major league win , and Bobby Parnell struck out two in a perfect ninth for his seventh save in eight chances . Lucas Duda hit a leadoff homer in the fourth for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Julio Teheran ( 0 - 0 ) struck out a career - high 12 in seven innings , allowing two runs and four hits . He walked none and struck out a season - high 12 . Atlanta 's Ike Davis hit a two - run single in the eighth inning off Cory Gearrin to give the Mets a 4 - 2 lead . Ike Davis added a two - run single in the eighth to give the Mets a 4 - 2 lead . Ike Davis added a two - run single off Cory Gearrin to give the Mets a 4 - 2 lead . The Mets have won six of their last seven games , and the Mets have lost six of seven . Atlanta has lost six of seven . The Braves have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 against the Mets this season . Atlanta has lost six of seven . The Braves have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 against the Mets this season . They have lost six of seven . Atlanta has lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven .
CINCINNATI -- The Chicago Cubs ' bullpen could n't hold it . Welington Castillo hit an RBI double with two outs in the 10th inning , and the Chicago Cubs beat the Cincinnati Reds 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Alfonso Soriano hit a tying two - run homer in the eighth inning and Jay Bruce also connected for the Cubs , who have won four of five . J. J. Hoover ( 0 - 4 ) took the loss , giving up two hits and a run in two innings . Kevin Gregg ( 1 - 0 ) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief . Johnny Cueto allowed one run and four hits in seven innings for the Reds , who have lost four of five . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . Cincinnati 's Matt Garza gave up four runs , four earned , and four hits in four innings . He walked four and struck out seven . The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 9.00 ERA in four starts against the Cubs last season . The Cubs have lost five of their last six games . The Cubs have lost five of their last six games . They have n't won a series in Chicago since 2003 , when they were swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park . The Reds have won five of their last six games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park this season . The Reds have won five of their last six games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park this season . The Reds have won five of their last six games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park this season . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Reds have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven .
WASHINGTON -- Stephen Strasburg and Cole Hamels were locked in a scoreless duel until the seventh inning . Strasburg struck out nine in eight innings , Steve Lombardozzi hit a two - run double and the Washington Nationals beat the Philadelphia Phillies 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Strasburg ( 3 - 5 ) allowed one run and five hits in eight innings . He struck out nine without issuing a walk . The right - hander has won his first three starts of the season for the first time in his career . Hamels ( 1 - 8 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place New York Mets in the NL East . Adam LaRoche had two hits and scored twice for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Denard Span had an RBI double in the seventh , and Tyler Moore added a run - scoring single in the eighth . Strasburg ( 3 - 5 ) allowed one run and five hits in eight innings . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 1 - 4 on their nine - game road trip . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Phillies have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . Hamels allowed five runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 6 1/3 innings .
PHOENIX -- The San Diego Padres have been waiting for Everth Cabrera to come out of the game . Cabrera had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in four runs to help the Padres beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a two - run double in the fourth to give the Padres a 7 - 4 lead . Cabrera had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth . He had a two - run double in the fourth , a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth . Cabrera had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth . He had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth . Cabrera had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in four runs for the Padres , who have won four of five . Cashner ( 4 - 2 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked none . Cashner ( 3 - 4 ) gave up seven runs -- seven earned -- and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out one . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a two - run double in the fourth to give the Padres a 4 - 2 lead . Cabrera 's two - run double in the fourth gave the Padres a 7 - 4 lead , and Cabrera 's two - run double in the fourth made it 7 - 4 . Chavez hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a sacrifice fly in the third to give the Padres a 4 - 2 lead . Cabrera 's two - run double in the fourth made it 7 - 4 , and Cabrera 's two - run double in the fourth put the Padres ahead 5 - 4 . Cabrera 's two - run double in the fourth made it 7 - 4 , and Cabrera 's two - run double in the fourth put the Padres ahead 5 - 4 . Cabrera 's two - run double in the fourth made it 7 - 4 , and Cabrera 's two - run double in the fourth made it 7 - 4 . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Paul Goldschmidt and a run - scoring double by Chris Denorfia . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Cabrera .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox needed a strong pitching performance from Jake Peavy . Peavy pitched a six - hitter for his second complete game of the season and the Chicago White Sox beat the Miami Marlins 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Peavy ( 6 - 2 ) allowed one run and six hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out five and walked two in his second complete game of the season . The right - hander is the first White Sox pitcher to throw a complete game this season . The White Sox have lost six of seven and are a season - high 14 games over .500 . The White Sox have lost six of seven . Miami has lost four of five . The Marlins have lost four of five . Miami 's Ricky Nolasco gave up one run and eight hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . Miami 's Derek Dietrich hit a solo homer in the top of the ninth off Ryan Webb ( 1 - 3 ) to tie the game 1 - all . Conor Gillaspie singled in a run in the bottom half to give Chicago a 1 - 0 lead . It was the first game - ending hit of the season for Gillaspie , who had three hits . He had three hits , including a double in the ninth . The White Sox have lost six of seven . Miami had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - hitter Casper Wise led off with a single and advanced to second on a wild pitch . But Peavy struck out Alex Rios to end the inning .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Tommy Milone has been a tough - luck loser for the Oakland Athletics . The right - hander pitched six solid innings and the A 's beat the Kansas City Royals 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Milone ( 4 - 5 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked three . Grant Balfour pitched the ninth for his eighth save . Ervin Santana ( 3 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings for Kansas City . He struck out five and walked three . Brandon Moss hit a go - ahead triple in the sixth to give the Royals a 2 - 1 lead . Jed Lowrie 's sacrifice fly in the bottom of the inning tied the game at 1 . The A 's scored in the first on Billy Butler 's two - out RBI single . Brandon Moss hit a go - ahead triple in the sixth to give the Royals a 2 - 1 lead . The A 's scored their first run in the first on Jed Lowrie 's sacrifice fly . Alex Gordon led off the game with a double and scored on Jed Lowrie 's sacrifice fly . The Royals tied it in the bottom half on Brandon Moss ' RBI triple off the wall in right - center . Brandon Moss hit a go - ahead triple in the sixth to give the Royals a 2 - 1 lead . The Royals had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Milone struck out Elliot Johnson to end the threat . The Royals had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth but failed to score .
DENVER -- Jordan Pacheco was n't surprised to see Madison Bumgarner get his first win in more than a month . Pacheco hit a go - ahead grand slam in the fifth inning , and the Colorado Rockies beat the San Francisco Giants 10 - 9 on Tuesday night . Pacheco , who had a career - high five RBIs , hit a three - run homer in the fifth to give the Rockies a 9 - 5 lead . Buster Posey hit a solo homer in the sixth , and Carlos Gonzalez also went deep for the Rockies . Bumgarner ( 4 - 2 ) gave up nine runs -- seven earned -- and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out four . The Rockies took a 4 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Sandoval and a run - scoring single by Brandon Crawford . The Giants scored three runs in the second , including a run - scoring single by Sandoval , who had three hits and drove in a run . The Rockies took a 4 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Marco Scutaro and a run - scoring single by Wilin Rosario . Jorge De La Rosa ( 5 - 3 ) allowed five runs and nine hits in five innings for the Rockies , who have won four of five . Rafael Betancourt struck out the side in the ninth for his 10th save in 12 chances . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Sandoval 's two - out RBI single . The Rockies made it 4 - 0 in the second on a run - scoring double by Posey and a run - scoring single by Brandon Crawford .
DENVER -- The San Francisco Giants are on their longest winning streak of the season . Wilin Rosario hit a three - run homer , Matt Cain pitched into the seventh inning and the Giants beat the Colorado Rockies 8 - 6 on Tuesday night . Brandon Crawford hit a three - run double and Angel Pagan had a two - run single for the Giants , who have won four of five . Cain ( 3 - 2 ) allowed six runs -- six earned -- and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . Sergio Romo got the last two outs for his 13th save in 14 chances . Jhoulys Chacin ( 3 - 3 ) gave up eight runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Rockies , who have lost five of six . The Rockies have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . Helton 's two - run homer in the second inning gave the Rockies a 2 - 0 lead . It was the second time this season the Rockies have hit back - to - back home runs . Rosario hit a three - run shot in the third and Crawford added a three - run double in the fourth to give the Giants a 5 - 0 lead . It was the first time the Giants had scored at least eight runs in a game this season . The Rockies took a 6 - 0 lead in the fourth on Rosario 's three - run homer and Angel Pagan 's two - out , two - run single . The Giants took a 6 - 0 lead in the fourth on a two - run homer by Todd Helton and a two - run shot by Rosario .
CLEVELAND -- Justin Masterson was n't surprised by the Cleveland Indians ' offense . Masterson pitched a four - hitter for his first career shutout , Jason Kipnis and Jason Kipnis homered , and the Indians beat the New York Yankees 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Masterson ( 6 - 2 ) allowed four hits and struck out nine in his second complete game of the season . The right - hander struck out nine and walked three in his second career shutout and second complete game of the season . The right - hander , who signed a $ 36 million , three - year deal with the Indians in December , struck out a season - high nine and walked three . The right - hander , who was acquired in a trade with the New York Yankees in the offseason , struck out the side in the first inning and retired the side in order in the fourth . The right - hander walked three and struck out nine in his first complete game of the season . Jason Kipnis hit a solo homer in the first for the Indians , who have lost four of five . David Phelps ( 1 - 2 ) gave up one run and four hits over 6 2/3 innings for the Yankees . The right - hander struck out seven and walked five . The Yankees were shut out for the fourth time this season . The Indians have lost four of their last five games and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . New York has lost four straight and eight of 10 . The Yankees have lost four of five . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven .
DETROIT -- The Cleveland Indians have n't been able to find a way to get back in the AL Central race . Ubaldo Jimenez pitched six strong innings , Asdrubal Cabrera had three hits and drove in two runs and the Indians beat the Detroit Tigers 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . The Indians have won four straight and seven of nine . Cleveland 's Justin Verlander ( 4 - 3 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in five - plus innings . He walked five and struck out seven . Jimenez ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Indians scored three runs in the first inning off Justin Verlander ( 4 - 3 ) , who gave up four runs -- three earned -- on six hits and five walks in five innings . Jhonny Peralta led off the third with his seventh homer of the season , and Asdrubal Cabrera had an RBI single in the fifth to make it 5 - 1 . Nick Swisher 's RBI double made it 3 - 0 in the second , and Asdrubal Cabrera 's RBI double made it 3 - 0 in the second . The Indians added three runs in the fifth . Michael Brantley led off with a double and scored on Mark Reynolds ' single to make it 5 - 1 . Omar Infante hit a two - run triple in the seventh , and Mike Aviles added an RBI single to make it 7 - 2 . Chris Perez gave up a run - scoring single to Torii Hunter in the ninth , but held on for his sixth save in six chances .
HOUSTON -- The Los Angeles Angels had a chance to take the lead in the ninth inning . Mark Trumbo hit a two - run double and Alberto Callaspo had a pair of sacrifice flies to lift the Angels to a 6 - 5 victory over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . The Angels trailed 5 - 3 before scoring three times in the sixth . Hector Ambriz ( 0 - 2 ) walked Ronny Cedeno to start the inning , and Albert Pujols singled to load the bases . Alberto Callaspo followed with a sacrifice fly to give Los Angeles a 6 - 5 lead . Garrett Richards ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Ernesto Frieri got the last five outs for his fifth save in five chances . Brendan Harris hit a solo homer for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Houston starter Jason Vargas allowed 10 hits and five runs in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Astros took a 2 - 1 lead in the second inning on a run - scoring single by Dominguez and a run - scoring single by Chris Carter . The Angels tied it in the bottom half on Hamilton 's solo homer to the Crawford Boxes in left field . The Angels tied it in the bottom of the inning on a sacrifice fly by Jason Castro . The Angels tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Brandon Barnes . The Angels tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Alberto Callaspo . The Angels tied it in the bottom half on Dominguez 's two - out , two - run single . The Angels tied it in the sixth on a two - run double by Mark Trumbo and a sacrifice fly by Howie Kendrick .
BOSTON -- Minnesota 's Ryan Doumit had a career - high three hits , including a two - run homer in the first inning , and the Twins beat the Boston Red Sox 15 - 8 on Tuesday night . Ryan Pressly ( 1 - 0 ) pitched four innings of two - hit ball for his first major league win . Pedro Florimon homered and drove in three runs for the Twins , who have won four of five . Minnesota starter Allen Webster ( 0 - 1 ) gave up a career - high eight runs in 1 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He allowed eight runs -- two earned -- and six hits . He walked three and struck out two . Ryan Arcia had a career - high four hits , including a two - run double in the fifth that made it 14 - 6 . Minnesota starter Felix Doubront allowed 11 hits and six runs in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four , walked two and hit a batter . The Red Sox scored six runs in the first inning , including a two - run double by Justin Morneau and a two - run homer by Jonny Gomes . The Red Sox scored five runs in the first , including a two - run homer by Ryan Doumit , and a two - run double by Trevor Plouffe in the fifth . Pedro Florimon had a two - run double in the fifth , and Shane Victorino homered for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Boston scored five runs in the first inning , including a two - run homer by Pedro Florimon , and a two - run single by Oswaldo Arcia . The Red Sox scored five runs in the first , including a two - run homer by Gomes . The Red Sox scored five runs in the first , including a two - run single by Morneau , and a two - run single by Gomes . Doumit 's two - run homer in the bottom half made it 4 - 0 . It was the first homer for Doumit , who had a two - run shot in the first inning and a two - run homer in the first . The Twins took a 5 - 4 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Gomes and a two - run shot by Doumit .
ATLANTA -- Dan Haren had a tough time in his first start against the Atlanta Braves . Haren pitched eight strong innings , Denard Span had three hits and drove in two runs and the Nationals beat the Atlanta Braves 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Haren ( 3 - 3 ) gave up four hits and one run in eight innings . He struck out four and walked one . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth for his ninth save . Kris Medlen ( 1 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked three . Denard Span had three hits and drove in two runs for the Nationals , who have won three of four . Dan Uggla hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Braves , who have lost five of six . The Braves have lost five of six . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Braves , who have lost four of five , fell to 1 - 4 on their 10 - game homestand . They have lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Braves , who have the worst record in the majors , lost for only the second time in their last 10 games . The Braves have lost six of seven . Atlanta has lost four of five . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven .
DETROIT -- Minnesota 's Scott Diamond gave the Twins a much - needed lift . Diamond pitched six solid innings , Justin Morneau drove in two runs and the Twins beat the Detroit Tigers 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Scott Diamond ( 2 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings for the Twins , who have won four of five . The Twins have lost six of seven . Anibal Sanchez ( 3 - 2 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings for the Tigers . He struck out nine and walked two . Chris Parmelee hit a solo homer in the eighth for the Tigers , who have lost three of four . Detroit 's Miguel Cabrera had two hits and an RBI for the Tigers , who have lost three of four . Detroit has lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . Minnesota 's Darin Downs gave up a solo homer to Chris Parmelee in the eighth , his first of the season . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Justin Morneau 's RBI double and Jamey Carroll 's run - scoring double . The Twins took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Pedro Florimon and a run - scoring double by Pedro Florimon . The Tigers made it 3 - 0 in the second on a run - scoring double by Morneau and a run - scoring double by Pedro Florimon . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Morneau and a run - scoring double by Pedro Florimon . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Morneau and a run - scoring double by Pedro Florimon .
SEATTLE -- The Chicago Cubs have been waiting for a long time to find a way to get back to the playoffs . Kyle Seager hit a two - run homer , Edwin Jackson won for the first time in four starts and the Cubs beat the Seattle Mariners 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Jackson ( 4 - 10 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Cubs starter Jeremy Bonderman ( 1 - 2 ) allowed six runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Jason Bay homered in the seventh for the Mariners , who have lost five of six . Kevin Gregg pitched a perfect ninth for his 13th save in 14 chances . The Cubs scored three runs in the second inning off Jeremy Bonderman ( 1 - 2 ) . Alfonso Soriano led off with a double and scored on Rizzo 's double to right . Starlin Castro followed with an RBI single to make it 7 - 1 . Brian Bogusevic and Darwin Barney each had an RBI double in the inning to make it 3 - 0 . Nick Franklin 's RBI groundout in the fourth made it 7 - 1 and chased Bonderman , who allowed six runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Cubs scored three runs in the fourth to take a 7 - 1 lead . Alfonso Soriano led off with a double and scored on Brian Bogusevic 's double to left - center . Brian Bogusevic followed with an RBI double to make it 3 - 0 , and Rizzo followed with an RBI single to make it 7 - 1 . Seager hit a two - run homer off Shawn Camp in the eighth .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- R. A. Dickey and the Toronto Blue Jays are on a roll . Dickey pitched a two - hitter for his first career shutout , Adam Lind hit a solo homer and the Blue Jays beat the Tampa Bay Rays 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 7 - 8 ) struck out six , walked one and threw 93 pitches in his first complete game of the season . He struck out six , walked one and threw 93 pitches in his first complete game of the season . The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . The Blue Jays have won six of their last seven games . The Blue Jays have won six of their last seven games . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Fausto Carmona ( 4 - 9 ) gave up three runs and six hits in eight innings for Tampa Bay . The right - hander struck out five and walked one . Edwin Encarnacion cut the deficit to 3 - 0 with a solo homer in the ninth off Jamey Wright , who struck out two in a perfect eighth . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have won six of their last seven games . The Blue Jays have won six of their last seven games . The Blue Jays have won six of their last seven games . The Blue Jays have won six of their last seven games . The Blue Jays have been shut out three times this season . Tampa Bay 's Jose Bautista hit a one - out double in the first and scored on Melky Cabrera 's single . Lind tied it with a solo homer in the sixth .
HOUSTON -- Allen Craig and the St. Louis Cardinals ' offense did n't help . Craig hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs , Jake Westbrook pitched six solid innings and the Cardinals beat the Houston Astros 13 - 5 on Tuesday night . Craig hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and a two - run shot off Josh Fields in the eighth to push the Cardinals ' lead to 11 - 4 . Craig hit a two - run homer in the eighth to make it 11 - 4 . Craig hit a two - run homer in the eighth , and David Freese hit a two - run shot in the eighth for the Astros . Carlos Beltran hit a two - run homer and Matt Carpenter had a three - run triple for the Astros . Westbrook ( 4 - 2 ) allowed four hits and four runs in six innings . He struck out three , walked two and hit a batter . Houston starter Lucas Harrell ( 5 - 8 ) allowed seven runs -- seven earned -- and seven hits with four walks in 3 1/3 innings . Craig Mujica relieved Lucas Harrell with the bases loaded and one out in the sixth and gave up Craig 's sacrifice fly to make it 9 - 4 . Brett Wallace hit a two - run triple and Matt Adams walked to load the bases before Craig hit a two - run homer to make it 11 - 4 . It was the second time this season the Cardinals have hit back - to - back home runs . Craig hit a two - run homer in the eighth to make it 11 - 4 . Craig hit a two - run homer in the eighth off Josh Fields to make it 11 - 4 . It was the second time this season the Astros have hit back - to - back home runs . Craig hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning to make it 11 - 4 . Craig hit a two - run homer in the eighth to make it 11 - 4 . It was his first career four - hit game . Craig hit a two - run homer in the eighth to make it 11 - 4 . Craig hit a two - run homer in the eighth to make it 11 - 4 .
MIAMI -- The Miami Marlins have n't been able to find a way to win a game in a month . Marcell Ozuna had two hits and two RBIs , and the Miami Marlins beat the Minnesota Twins 4 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fifth consecutive victory . Miami has won four of five and improved to 5 - 1 against the Twins this season . The Marlins have won six of their past seven games . Miami has lost six of seven . The Twins have lost four of five . Minnesota has lost six of seven . The Twins have lost four of five . Minnesota 's Kevin Correia ( 6 - 5 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Twins scored twice in the third inning to take a 2 - 1 lead . Josh Willingham 's RBI single made it 2 - 1 , and Dietrich homered off Brian Duensing to make it 3 - 1 in the seventh . It was the third time this season the Marlins have hit back - to - back home runs . Ozuna hit an RBI double in the eighth to make it 4 - 2 . Steve Cishek pitched a perfect ninth for his 13th save in 14 chances . Miami 's Jose Fernandez gave up one run and four hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Josh Willingham 's two - out RBI single . Miami went ahead 2 - 1 in the sixth on a run - scoring single by Dietrich and a run - scoring single by Ozuna .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Philadelphia Phillies have been waiting for Ryan Howard to come off the disabled list . Howard homered twice and drove in four runs , Jordany Valdespin added a solo shot and the Phillies rallied to beat the New York Mets 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Kevin Frandsen 's two - run pinch - hit homer in the seventh inning gave Philadelphia a 6 - 1 lead . It was the first game - ending hit of the season for Howard , who had a two - run single in the first inning and a solo homer in the fifth . Howard hit a two - run single in the first and added a solo shot in the fifth to give the Phillies a 6 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Howard , who had a two - run single in the first and a solo homer in the fifth . The Phillies have won five of six . Carlos Torres ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss . Jonathan Papelbon ( 2 - 0 ) pitched the top of the ninth for the win . Michael Young homered and Ben Revere had two hits and three stolen bases for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Mets starter Dillon Gee gave up six runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in five innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Howard and a two - run single by Howard . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Howard and a two - run single by Howard .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Pinch-hitter Hector Sanchez had a game - winning RBI single in the 11th inning , and the San Francisco Giants beat the Miami Marlins 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Gregor Blanco singled with one out in the 11th against Mike Dunn ( 2 - 2 ) , stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch . Sanchez then lined a 1 - 1 pitch to left - center to score Blanco from second base . Sandy Rosario ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings of one - hit relief to earn the win . Ed Lucas homered and had three hits for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Marlins starter Barry Zito gave up one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Marlins ' Jacob Turner allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out two and walked one . The Marlins had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Turner struck out pinch - hitter Juan Pierre to end the threat . The Marlins had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Rosario struck out to end the inning . Blanco had three hits , including an RBI double in the fifth that tied it at 1 . Placido Polanco had three hits for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Miami 's Marcell Ozuna extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first . He was replaced by pinch - runner Juan Pierre , who left the game in the bottom of the sixth with a strained left hamstring .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Pittsburgh Pirates have been in first place in the NL West since the All-Star break , but they 're not going to need to win . Gerrit Cole pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Jordy Mercer homered and drove in two runs , and the Pirates beat the Los Angeles Angels 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cole ( 3 - 0 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 6 1/3 innings , struck out five and walked one . The right - hander , who has won his first three starts of the season , gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Jason Grilli pitched a perfect ninth for his 26th save in 30 chances . The Pirates ' Jered Weaver ( 1 - 4 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings , struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Pedro Alvarez and Albert Pujols homered for the Angels , who have lost five of six . Mercer had three hits , including a two - run homer in the second inning , and a two - run shot in the second . The Angels added a run in the seventh on a two - out RBI single by Alberto Callaspo , who came in with just one RBI in his last 13 games . The Angels ' Andrew McCutchen had two hits and an RBI for the Angels , who have lost four of five . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Chicago White Sox had a big night at the plate . Dayan Viciedo hit a three - run homer , Hector Santiago pitched eight innings of three - hit ball and the White Sox beat the Kansas City Royals 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Alejandro De Aza hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the White Sox , who won for the seventh time in nine games . The White Sox have won five of six and are 2 1/2 games behind the first - place White Sox in the AL Central . Santiago ( 3 - 5 ) allowed three hits , struck out five and walked one in his longest outing of the season . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.41 ERA in four starts against the Royals this season . The White Sox scored three runs in the first off Jeremy Guthrie ( 7 - 5 ) , who allowed six runs and five hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out one . Eric Hosmer hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Royals , who have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven .
ST. LOUIS -- Jeff Samardzija 's first complete game of the season was a big reason for the Chicago Cubs . Samardzija took a shutout into the ninth inning and Ryan Sweeney hit a two - run homer , leading the Cubs to a 4 - 2 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Samardzija ( 4 - 7 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in 8 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Samardzija has won his last three starts and is 4 - 0 with a 1.91 ERA in his last five starts . Carlos Beltran homered for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Wainwright ( 10 - 4 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . Cody Ransom and Ryan Sweeney hit back - to - back two - run homers in the first for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Cody Ransom hit a solo homer in the first for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . They have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . Kevin Gregg got the last two outs for his 10th save in 12 chances . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . Wainwright ( 10 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter . The Cardinals scored four runs in the first inning off Adam Wainwright ( 10 - 4 ) . Alfonso Soriano 's RBI double and Sweeney 's two - run homer made it 4 - 0 . Beltran homered in the sixth to cut the deficit to 4 - 1 . Beltran homered off Samardzija in the sixth to cut the Cardinals ' lead to 4 - 1 . Beltran homered in the sixth to cut the Cardinals ' lead to 4 - 1 . Beltran homered in the sixth to cut the Cardinals ' lead to 4 - 1 . Beltran homered in the sixth to cut the Cardinals ' lead to 4 - 1 . Beltran homered in the sixth to cut the Cardinals ' lead to 4 - 1 . Beltran homered in the sixth to cut the Cardinals ' lead to 4 - 1 .
PITTSBURGH -- Yasiel Puig had three hits in his return to the lineup , and Pedro Alvarez hit a three - run homer to lead the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 6 - 3 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Friday night . Puig had three hits and Garrett Jones had two hits and two RBIs as the Pirates won for the seventh time in eight games . Cole ( 2 - 0 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out one and walked none . Greinke ( 3 - 2 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out three . Alex Presley had three hits , including a home run , and drove in a run for the Dodgers . Jason Grilli pitched a scoreless ninth for his major league - leading 25th save in 28 opportunities . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run double by Garrett Jones and a run - scoring single by Ethier . The Pirates tied it in the fourth on a two - out , three - run homer by Alvarez . It was the second time this season the Pirates had scored at least five runs in a game . Alvarez hit a three - run homer off Greinke in the fifth to give the Pirates a 5 - 2 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Greinke in five starts this season . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Ethier 's RBI single and Puig 's run - scoring single in the fourth . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Tim Federowicz and a run - scoring groundout by Tim Federowicz .
ATLANTA -- Freddie Freeman 's ninth - inning single drove in pinch - runner Reed Johnson from second base , and the Atlanta Braves rallied to beat the San Francisco Giants 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Freddie Freeman hit a two - out single off Sergio Romo ( 3 - 3 ) to bring in pinch - runner Reed Johnson . Reed Johnson pinch ran for Freeman and scored on Justin Upton 's bases - loaded walk to make it 5 - 5 . Kimbrel ( 2 - 1 ) pitched out of a bases - loaded jam in the top of the ninth to earn the win . Sergio Romo ( 3 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up two runs -- one earned -- and two hits in one - third of an inning . Kimbrel ( 2 - 1 ) pitched out of a bases - loaded jam in the top of the ninth to earn the win . Sergio Romo ( 3 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up two runs -- one earned -- on two hits and two walks in one - third of an inning . The Braves , who have lost four of five , fell to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game homestand . The Giants have lost four of five . Upton 's RBI single in the ninth off Sergio Romo ( 3 - 3 ) gave the Braves a 5 - 4 lead . Upton 's RBI single in the ninth off Craig Kimbrel ( 2 - 1 ) gave the Giants a 5 - 4 lead . Upton 's RBI single in the ninth off Sergio Romo ( 3 - 3 ) gave the Braves a 5 - 4 lead . Upton 's RBI single off Javier Lopez in the ninth gave the Braves a 5 - 4 lead . The Giants took a 5 - 4 lead in the sixth on a two - run homer by Upton and a two - run shot by Upton off Chad Gaudin . It was Atlanta 's first multihomer game of the season . The Giants scored three runs in the third to take a 2 - 1 lead . Andres Torres hit a run - scoring double and scored on Buster Posey 's double to left - center . Buster Posey 's RBI double made it 4 - 2 in the fourth . Upton 's two - run homer off Chad Gaudin in the sixth cut the lead to 4 - 4 . Upton hit a two - run homer in the sixth to give the Giants a 4 - 2 lead . It was the first time the Braves had scored at least five runs in a game this season .
HOUSTON -- Lucas Carter and Adam Dunn hit back - to - back home runs in the fourth inning , and the Houston Astros beat the Chicago White Sox 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Chris Carter and Adam Dunn also homered for the Astros , who have won four of five . Harrell ( 5 - 7 ) allowed three runs and seven hits with seven strikeouts in 6 2/3 innings . Jose Veras pitched the ninth for his 13th save . John Danks ( 1 - 3 ) allowed five hits and four runs with five strikeouts in six innings for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Jason Castro homered for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox had a chance to score in the first when Alexei Ramirez led off with a single , stole second and went to third on catcher Tyler Flowers ' throwing error . Ramirez stole third and scored on a single by Paul Konerko to tie it at 1 - 1 . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Ronny Cedeno hit a two - out RBI double to tie it at 1 - 1 . The White Sox tied it in the second when Matt Dominguez doubled and scored on a single by Gordon Beckham . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a solo homer by Dunn . Chicago tied it in the second when Matt Dominguez doubled , stole third and scored on a single by Paul Konerko . Chicago tied it in the bottom of the inning on a sacrifice fly by Brandon Barnes .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting for a long time to find a way to win . Trevor Plouffe hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning , Samuel Deduno pitched seven strong innings and the Twins beat the Detroit Tigers 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Deduno ( 3 - 1 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out two and walked one . Glen Perkins pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 18 chances . Joe Mauer hit a two - run single and Jhonny Peralta had a two - run single for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Darin Downs ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs and five hits in 2 1/3 innings for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Detroit starter Anibal Sanchez gave up two runs and five hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on Jhonny Peralta 's two - run single . Jhonny Peralta 's two - run single in the fourth gave the Twins a 2 - 0 lead . Plouffe hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Twins a 2 - 0 lead . It was Plouffe 's fourth homer of the season and second in two games . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Justin Morneau led off with a single , and Plouffe followed with a two - run homer to make it 2 - 2 . Plouffe 's two - run homer in the fourth gave the Twins a 2 - 0 lead .
CLEVELAND -- Rafael Soriano and the Washington Nationals got their first win of the season . Vinnie Pestano came on to pitch the ninth inning for his 18th save in 21 chances , and the Nationals beat the Cleveland Indians 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Pestano ( 1 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing one run and one hit in one inning . Drew Storen ( 1 - 1 ) got the final out in the eighth for his first major league win . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth for his 18th save in 21 chances . Anthony Rendon hit a solo homer in the eighth off Joe Smith , who gave up a pinch - hit homer to Chad Tracy in the ninth . Jayson Werth hit a solo homer for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Cleveland starter Jordan Zimmermann gave up six runs and eight hits in five innings . The right - hander struck out six and walked one . Cleveland starter Scott Kazmir lasted just 2 2/3 innings , giving up five runs and four hits . He walked four and struck out two . Carlos Santana hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Cleveland took a 5 - 0 lead in the third . Aviles led off with a double , moved to third on a groundout and scored on Jason Kipnis ' single . Michael Brantley 's two - out , two - run double in the fifth made it 5 - 4 . The Indians took a 6 - 5 lead in the fifth on a solo homer by Mark Reynolds and a run - scoring single by Swisher , who had three hits . The Indians took a 6 - 5 lead in the fifth on a two - run homer by Ryan Zimmerman and a solo shot by Chad Tracy .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Kansas City Royals finally got a win . Ervin Santana pitched five - hit ball into the eighth inning and Elliot Johnson hit a three - run homer , leading the Royals to a 10 - 1 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Santana ( 5 - 5 ) allowed an unearned run and five hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Eric Hosmer hit a solo homer in the seventh for Kansas City , which has won four of five . Alex Gordon had an RBI single and a run - scoring single for the Rays , who have won four of five . The Rays have won six of seven . Hellickson gave up a season - high eight runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked none and struck out four . Tampa Bay starter Jeremy Hellickson ( 4 - 3 ) gave up eight runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked none and struck out four . The Royals have lost four of five . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven . The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven . The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven . The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven . The Rays have lost seven of their last nine games . The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven .
LOS ANGELES -- Arizona Diamondbacks manager Kirk Gibson came out of the dugout for a chat with the umpires , and the Arizona Diamondbacks had a chance to end the game . Cliff Pennington singled in the go - ahead run in the 12th inning and the Diamondbacks beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 8 - 6 on Tuesday night . The Diamondbacks won for just the second time in their last 11 games at Chavez Ravine . The Diamondbacks have won five of their last six games and have won six of their last seven games . The Dodgers have lost six of seven and have won six of their last seven games . The Dodgers scored three runs in the bottom of the 12th off Ronald Belisario ( 3 - 5 ) to take a 4 - 3 lead . Gerardo Parra hit a two - run single and Mark Ellis drove in a run with a groundout to make it 6 - 4 . Cliff Pennington singled in a run in the bottom of the inning to give the Diamondbacks a 5 - 4 lead , but the Diamondbacks tied it in the bottom half on Martin Prado 's RBI double and Mark Ellis ' run - scoring groundout . Josh Collmenter ( 3 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win and Heath Bell gave up a two - run homer to Ramon Hernandez in the bottom of the 12th . Miguel Montero had four hits and scored twice for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Dodgers starter Hyun-Jin Ryu gave up three runs and 11 hits in six innings , struck out two and walked two . The Dodgers ' Patrick Corbin gave up four runs and eight hits in five innings , struck out two and did n't walk a batter .
MIAMI -- Carlos Gomez had a career - high four hits , including a three - run homer , and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the Miami Marlins 10 - 1 on Tuesday night . Gomez had a career - high four hits and drove in a season - high four runs . Figaro ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three hits and struck out four in his first major league win . The right - hander , who signed a $ 36 million , three - year deal with Milwaukee in the offseason , had two hits and drove in a run . Jean Segura and Norichika Aoki each had two hits for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Kevin Slowey ( 2 - 6 ) allowed six runs -- five earned -- and nine hits in five innings . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . Jean Segura homered and Jonathan Lucroy drove in four runs for the Marlins , who have lost three of four . Miami has lost four of five . The Marlins have lost four of five . Miami has lost six of seven . The Marlins have lost six of seven . They 've been shut out three times this season , including four in a row . The Marlins have lost four of five . Miami has lost six of seven . The Marlins have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their past seven games . They 've been shut out three times this season , including three in a row . The Marlins had a chance to score in the second inning when they loaded the bases with one out , but Figaro struck out Greg Dobbs to end the threat .
MILWAUKEE -- Aramis Ramirez has been waiting for the Milwaukee Brewers this season . Ramirez singled home the winning run with one out in the ninth inning , lifting the Milwaukee Brewers to a 5 - 4 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Aramis Ramirez singled in a run off Jeremy Horst ( 0 - 2 ) to give the Brewers a 5 - 4 lead in the bottom of the ninth . Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Milwaukee starter Cliff Lee struck out nine in seven innings , giving up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits . He struck out nine and walked three . Milwaukee 's Alfredo Figaro gave up four runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . The right - hander struck out six and walked none . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jimmy Rollins ' two - out RBI single . The Brewers added a run in the fourth on an RBI double by Delmon Young and a run - scoring double by Yuniesky Betancourt . Erik Kratz hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Phillies a 4 - 0 lead . The Phillies scored three runs in the fourth to take a 4 - 0 lead . Norichika Aoki led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on catcher Freddy Galvis ' throwing error . Yuniesky Betancourt followed with an RBI double , and Rickie Weeks scored on a wild pitch to make it 4 - 2 . Figaro allowed four runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked none .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros have n't been able to find a way to get back to the postseason . Matt Wieters hit a two - run homer , Dallas Keuchel pitched six solid innings and the Astros beat the Baltimore Orioles 11 - 7 on Tuesday night . Carlos Pena hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Marwin Gonzalez added a solo shot in the fourth to give the Astros a 9 - 1 lead . Keuchel ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out three , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . Houston 's J. J. Hardy hit a solo homer in the fourth inning and a solo shot off Paul Clemens in the seventh . Matt Wieters hit a two - run homer in the eighth and Manny Machado added an RBI single in the eighth for the Orioles , who have won six of their last seven games . Travis Blackley came on in the seventh and gave up a two - run homer to Matt Wieters and a two - run shot to Dominguez that made it 9 - 4 . Martinez hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 9 - 1 . It was the first time this season the Astros hit back - to - back home runs . Martinez hit a two - run shot in the fourth to make it 6 - 1 . It was the first home run allowed by Keuchel in his last five starts . Castro hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 6 - 1 . Garcia hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 6 - 1 . It was the first home run allowed by Keuchel in his last five starts , and his first since July 26 . Garcia hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 6 - 1 . It was the first home run allowed by Garcia in his last five starts , and his first since July 26 . Garcia hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 6 - 1 . It was the first home run allowed by Garcia in three starts this season . Garcia hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 6 - 1 . Garcia hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 6 - 1 . Garcia hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 6 - 1 . The Astros added a run in the seventh on an RBI single by Manny Machado .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Albert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are n't going to have a chance to make the playoffs . Pujols hit a go - ahead sacrifice fly in the seventh inning , Howie Kendrick had three hits and the Angels beat the Chicago Cubs 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Pujols hit a sacrifice fly in the first inning and a two - run homer in the eighth off Carlos Villanueva ( 1 - 4 ) . Pujols hit a sacrifice fly in the first inning and a two - run homer in the eighth off Robert Coello ( 2 - 1 ) . Ernesto Frieri pitched the ninth for his 13th save in 16 chances . Carlos Villanueva ( 1 - 4 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and two hits in one inning . Cubs starter Scott Feldman gave up two runs and six hits in six innings , striking out one and walking one . The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 9.00 ERA in his previous four starts against the Angels , including a 1 - 0 loss to the Chicago Cubs on July 26 . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Alfonso Soriano and a run - scoring single by Ryan Sweeney . The Cubs tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Nate Schierholtz . The Cubs tied it in the third when Erick Aybar led off with a single , stole second and scored on a two - out single by Howie Kendrick . The Cubs tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Nate Schierholtz .
NEW YORK -- Mark Teixeira and the New York Yankees are on a roll . Teixeira hit his first career grand slam , Travis Hafner and Brett Gardner each had a two - run single and the Yankees beat the Cleveland Indians 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Teixeira hit a three - run homer off Justin Masterson ( 8 - 4 ) in the third inning and added a three - run shot in the third to give the Yankees a 4 - 1 lead . Teixeira hit a three - run homer in the third , and Travis Hafner added a solo shot in the seventh . Shawn Kelley ( 3 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Mariano Rivera worked the ninth for his 20th save in 20 chances . The Yankees have won four straight and seven of nine . Teixeira hit a three - run homer off Justin Masterson ( 8 - 4 ) in the third inning and added a three - run shot in the third to give New York a 4 - 1 lead . Teixeira hit a three - run homer in the third , and Carlos Santana had a two - run double in the fifth to give the Yankees a 4 - 4 lead . The Yankees took a 4 - 1 lead in the fifth on a sacrifice fly by Mike Aviles and a two - run single by Brett Gardner . Masterson allowed seven runs -- seven earned -- and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out five . Pettitte gave up four runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . Cleveland 's Andy Pettitte gave up four runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings .
CHICAGO -- The Arizona Diamondbacks have n't been able to find a way to get back to the playoffs . Patrick Corbin pitched six solid innings and the Diamondbacks beat the Chicago Cubs 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Paul Goldschmidt had two hits and scored three runs , and Cody Ross drove in two runs for the Diamondbacks . Corbin ( 9 - 0 ) allowed four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Heath Bell pitched the eighth and Kevin Gregg worked a perfect eighth . Edwin Jackson ( 1 - 8 ) gave up seven runs and 12 hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Cubs , who have lost five of six . Gerardo Parra had a two - run single and Wil Nieves had three hits and drove in two runs for the Cubs , who have lost three of four . Corbin ( 9 - 0 ) allowed four runs and six hits in six innings , striking out five and walking two . The right - hander is 5 - 0 in his last six starts . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Paul Goldschmidt 's RBI single and a two - run homer by Scott Hairston . Arizona took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Dioner Navarro 's bases - loaded walk and Gerardo Navarro 's two - run single . Gerardo Parra 's two - out , bases - loaded single in the second gave the Cubs a 3 - 1 lead , and Hairston 's two - run single in the sixth made it 7 - 4 . Nieves had three hits and drove in two runs for the Cubs .
CHICAGO -- Paul Goldschmidt and Nate Schierholtz hit back - to - back home runs in the seventh inning , leading the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 12 - 4 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Goldschmidt hit a three - run shot off Carlos Marmol ( 2 - 3 ) in the eighth to give the Diamondbacks a 4 - 3 lead . Goldschmidt hit a three - run homer off Zach Putnam in the eighth to give the Diamondbacks a 4 - 3 lead . Kubel added a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the ninth . Gerardo Parra homered and drove in two runs for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Cubs starter Jeff Samardzija struck out 11 in 6 1/3 innings , allowing three runs and seven hits . He walked four and struck out a season - high 11 . Kennedy ( 3 - 3 ) allowed three hits and struck out seven in seven innings to end a four - start winless streak . He struck out seven and walked one . The Cubs scored three runs in the first inning off Cubs starter Ian Kennedy , including a two - run double by Jason Kubel and a run - scoring groundout by Welington Castillo . The Cubs tied it at 1 in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Alfonso Soriano . The Cubs tied it in the bottom half on Schierholtz 's two - out , two - run homer . The Cubs tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Welington Castillo . The Cubs tied it at 4 in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Cliff Pennington and a sacrifice fly by A. J. Pollock .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres are on their longest winning streak of the season . Chris Denorfia hit a pinch - hit , two - run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the San Diego Padres to a 2 - 1 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Denorfia 's pinch - hit homer off Chapman ( 3 - 4 ) leading off the bottom of the ninth gave the Padres a 2 - 1 win over the Reds on Tuesday night . It was San Diego 's first game - ending homer of the season . Denorfia 's pinch - hit , two - run homer off Aroldis Chapman ( 3 - 4 ) in the top of the ninth gave the Padres a 2 - 1 win over the Reds on Tuesday night . Denorfia 's pinch - hit , two - run pinch - hit homer off Chapman in the ninth gave the Padres a 2 - 1 win over the Reds on Tuesday night . Luke Gregerson ( 5 - 5 ) struck out two in a perfect ninth for the win . Yonder Alonso led off the bottom of the ninth with a single off Chapman and pinch - hitter Jack Hannahan sacrificed him to third . Denorfia followed with a pinch - hit homer to left - center to give San Diego a 2 - 1 win over the Reds on Tuesday night . The Padres have won five of six and have won six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost four of five . Cincinnati 's Sean O'Sullivan allowed one run and five hits in six innings , struck out one and walked five . Leake allowed four hits in seven innings , struck out five and walked two .
MIAMI -- Jose Fernandez was n't as sharp as he was in his previous start against the Pittsburgh Pirates . Fernandez struck out a career - high 13 in eight innings , and the Miami Marlins beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Fernandez ( 7 - 5 ) allowed two runs and five hits in eight innings . He struck out a season - high 13 and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Marlins have won five of their past six games . Fernandez allowed two runs and five hits in a season - high eight innings . He struck out a season - high 13 and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Marlins have lost four of five . Fernandez allowed two runs and five hits in a season - high eight innings . He struck out a season - high 13 and did not walk a batter . Pittsburgh 's Gerrit Cole ( 5 - 4 ) allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Giancarlo Stanton hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Stanton hit a solo homer in the sixth to give the Marlins a 3 - 2 lead . It was the third time this season the Marlins have hit back - to - back home runs . Stanton hit a solo homer in the sixth to give the Marlins a 3 - 2 lead . It was the third time this season the Marlins have hit back - to - back home runs . Stanton hit a solo homer in the sixth to give the Marlins a 3 - 2 lead . It was the third time this season the Marlins have hit back - to - back homers .
ARLINGTON , Dodgers -- Yasiel Puig hit a game - winning home run in the bottom of the 11th inning to give the Los Angeles Dodgers a 1 - 0 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Friday night . Puig hit a solo homer with two outs in the bottom of the 11th inning to give the Dodgers a 1 - 0 lead . It was the third time this season the Dodgers have hit back - to - back homers . Puig hit a 1 - 2 pitch from Curtis Partch ( 0 - 1 ) into the left - field pavilion with two outs in the bottom of the inning . It was his third homer of the season and second in two nights . Puig also struck out in his first two at - bats and struck out in his first two at - bats against Curtis Capuano , who had been 0 - for - 4 with three strikeouts in his previous three at - bats . Brandon League ( 6 - 3 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Curtis Cingrani struck out a career - high 11 in seven innings for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Cingrani ( 4 - 1 ) struck out a career - high 11 in seven innings , allowing only a one - out single to Hanley Ramirez in the fourth . He was lifted for a pinch - hitter in the seventh after giving up a leadoff single to Hanley Ramirez . The right - hander struck out 11 and walked one in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained right shoulder . The right - hander allowed one hit and struck out a career - high 11 in seven innings . The right - hander struck out the side in the first inning , then retired the side in order in the fourth and fifth innings . Cingrani gave up one hit and one walk in seven innings , striking out a career - high 11 . The right - hander struck out the side in the first inning , then retired the side in order in the fourth . The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the second , but Cingrani struck out Adrian Gonzalez to end the threat . The Reds had runners on first and second with one out in the second , but Cingrani struck out Jay Bruce to end the threat .
TORONTO -- The Houston Astros have been waiting for the Toronto Blue Jays to get back to .500 . Edwin Encarnacion homered twice and drove in five runs , Marc Krauss homered and drove in four runs , and the Blue Jays beat the Houston Astros 12 - 6 on Tuesday night . Brett Lawrie and Adam Lind also went deep for the Blue Jays , who have won five of six . The Blue Jays have won six of seven . Houston 's R. A. Dickey gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out eight . Brett Cecil ( 4 - 1 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning for the win . Houston starter Jordan Lyles allowed four runs and nine hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out one . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run double by Krauss and a two - run double by Krauss . The Blue Jays tied it in the third on a two - run double by Encarnacion and a two - run double by Krauss . The Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half on a two - run homer by Krauss and a two - run shot by Krauss . The Blue Jays tied it at 4 in the sixth on a run - scoring double by Maicer Izturis and a run - scoring single by Jason Castro . The Astros tied it at 4 in the seventh on a run - scoring single by Jason Castro and a run - scoring double by Maicer Izturis . Clemens ( 4 - 4 ) took the loss , allowing six runs and four hits in one - plus inning . He walked one and struck out one .
MILWAUKEE -- The San Diego Padres have been waiting for Carlos Quentin and Yuniesky Betancourt to produce runs . Gomez hit a two - run homer , Yuniesky Betancourt had a career - high four hits and the San Diego Padres beat the Milwaukee Brewers 10 - 8 on Tuesday night . Quentin had three hits , including a solo homer , and drove in a run for the Padres , who have won five of six . The Padres have won five of six and have the worst record in the majors at 21 - 11 . The Padres have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee 's Yovani Gallardo ( 8 - 9 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . The Padres scored three runs in the first inning off Yovani Volquez ( 8 - 8 ) , who allowed three runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . Huston Street pitched the ninth for his 18th save in 21 chances . The Brewers scored four runs in the seventh to take a 10 - 3 lead . Rene Rivera had an RBI single and Juan Francisco scored on a wild pitch to make it 10 - 6 . Betancourt had four hits , including a run - scoring single in the ninth . He had a run - scoring single in the eighth and a run - scoring single in the seventh . Quentin , who had three hits , hit a two - run homer in the third and added a sacrifice fly in the seventh . It was the first home run by a Padres player this season . The Brewers added three runs in the seventh , including a two - run homer by Jesus Guzman , and a two - run double by Caleb Gindl off Mike Gonzalez .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals have been waiting for a long time in the past week . Eric Hosmer homered twice and drove in three runs , Luke Hochevar ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth inning and the Royals beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Royals have won six of seven and are a half - game behind Baltimore for the second AL wild - card spot . The Orioles have lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore 's Ervin Santana gave up three runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in eight innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Royals ' Wei-Yin Chen gave up three runs and seven hits in 7 1/3 innings . The right - hander struck out three and did not walk a batter . Matt Wieters hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Orioles , who have lost three of their past four games . Baltimore went ahead 1 - 0 in the first when David Lough led off with a single , stole second and scored on Adam Jones ' groundout . Wieters ' two - out , two - run homer in the fourth gave the Royals a 3 - 1 lead . It was Wieters ' second homer of the season and second in two games . Hosmer hit a two - run shot in the eighth off Darren O'Day ( 5 - 1 ) , who was making his major league debut . O'Day ( 5 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and two hits in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth . Luke Hochevar ( 3 - 1 ) pitched the ninth for the win .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Minnesota Twins have n't been able to find a way to get back to the playoffs . Ryan Doumit hit a go - ahead double in the 10th inning , and the Twins beat the Los Angeles Angels 10 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Ryan Doumit had two hits and drove in two runs , and Justin Morneau had two hits and scored two runs for the Twins , who have won four of five . Minnesota has won four of five . The Twins have won six of their last seven games . The Twins have won five of their last six games against the Angels , who have the worst record in the majors . The Twins have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place Los Angeles Angels in the AL West . Herrmann , who had three hits , hit a three - run homer in the 10th to give the Twins a 3 - 2 lead . The Angels tied it in the ninth against Ernesto Frieri ( 0 - 2 ) , who gave up four hits and five runs in one - third of an inning . Aaron Hicks led off the 10th with a double off Billy Buckner and scored on Erick Aybar 's bases - loaded walk . Ryan Doumit followed with an RBI double off Billy Buckner to tie the score at 2 - all . Florimon hit a two - run homer off Glen Perkins ( 2 - 0 ) in the 10th to give the Angels a 3 - 2 lead . The Angels tied it in the ninth against Glen Perkins ( 2 - 0 ) . Jamey Carroll led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch . Doumit then doubled to left - center to score Jamey Callaspo , who led off the inning with a walk . Pujols was 3 - for - 5 with a home run and two RBIs . The Angels , coming off a three - game sweep of the Los Angeles Angels , won for just the third time in their last 13 games . The Angels have lost four of five . Minnesota starter Tommy Hanson gave up one run and four hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out eight and did n't walk a batter . The right - hander struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . The Angels took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a two - out homer by Mark Trumbo , but the Angels tied it in the seventh on an RBI single by Brian Dozier .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Minnesota 's Samuel Deduno pitched seven strong innings , and the Twins beat the Los Angeles Angels 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Clete Thomas and Doug Bernier each had two hits for the Twins , who have won four of five . Deduno ( 6 - 4 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings , struck out five and walked five . The right - hander was 0 - 3 in his previous five starts . Glen Perkins got four outs for his 24th save in 28 chances . The Twins have lost four of five . Joe Blanton ( 2 - 13 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He struck out four and walked two . The Twins took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Clete Trumbo and a run - scoring double by Doug Bernier . The Twins tied it in the second on a two - out RBI double by Howie Kendrick . Thomas hit a two - out RBI double in the second and scored on a two - out double by Mike Trout . The Twins tied it at 2 in the second on a two - out RBI double by Doug Bernier . The Twins tied it at 2 in the second on a two - out RBI double by Thomas and a run - scoring double by Aaron Hicks . The Angels tied it at 2 in the second on a two - out RBI double by Doug Bernier . The Twins tied it in the second on a two - out RBI double by Thomas , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a triple .
CINCINNATI -- Jeff Locke gave the Pittsburgh Pirates a much - needed win . Locke ( 9 - 2 ) allowed one hit in six innings , Garrett Jones homered and the Pirates beat the Cincinnati Reds 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Locke ( 9 - 2 ) gave up one run and struck out six in six innings to win for the first time in four starts . He gave up one run and struck out six . Jason Grilli pitched the ninth for his 30th save . Homer Bailey ( 5 - 9 ) had a career - high 12 strikeouts in 6 1/3 innings , allowing three runs and seven hits with one walk and a season - high 12 strikeouts . Garrett Jones hit a solo homer in the second inning for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at PNC Park since the start of the 2003 season , when they won the first two games of the series . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games . The Pirates have lost six of their last seven games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park this season . They have n't won a series in Cincinnati since 2003 , when they were swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park . The Pirates have won 10 of their last 13 games against the Reds .
NEW YORK -- Matt Harvey has been the New York Mets ' most consistent pitcher since the All-Star break . Harvey pitched seven shutout innings and Juan Lagares hit a three - run homer , leading the Mets to a 5 - 0 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Harvey ( 8 - 2 ) allowed three hits and struck out 10 in seven innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out 10 and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Mets have won three straight and six of seven . Lee ( 10 - 4 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . David Wright and Marlon Byrd homered for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Lee ( 10 - 4 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Mets have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind first - place Washington in the NL East . New York has lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 - 7 against the Mets this season . They 've lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . New York has lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . They 've lost six of their last seven games . Lee ( 10 - 4 ) allowed five runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Chris Tillman and the Baltimore Orioles finally found a way to beat the Texas Rangers . Tillman allowed two runs over eight innings and the Orioles beat the Texas Rangers 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Tillman ( 12 - 3 ) allowed two runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked three . The Orioles have won five of their last six games . Baltimore has won seven of its last 10 games . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas has lost four of five . The Rangers have lost four of five . Martin Perez ( 3 - 3 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings for the Rangers . He struck out five and walked one . Beltre led off the ninth with his 12th homer of the season , a solo shot off reliever Cory Burns . Darren O'Day got the last two outs for his second save in three chances . The Rangers had a chance to score in the fifth when David Murphy was thrown out at the plate trying to score from first on Craig Gentry 's two - out single to right . David Murphy was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second on a single to center by Hardy , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into an inning - ending double play . Machado 's RBI single in the fourth made it 4 - 0 . The Rangers had a chance to score in the fifth when Roberts led off with a single and advanced to third on a wild pitch . But Tillman struck out Nelson Cruz and got Craig Gentry to ground into an inning - ending double play .
TORONTO -- The Tampa Bay Rays are on their longest winning streak of the season . Jose Bautista hit a two - run homer , David Price won for the first time in four starts and the Rays beat the Toronto Blue Jays 8 - 5 on Tuesday night . Price ( 4 - 5 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out five . Kelly Johnson hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Blue Jays , who have won six of seven . Ben Zobrist had three hits , including a solo homer , and Wil Myers also went deep for the Blue Jays , who have won five of six . Rays left - hander David Price ( 4 - 5 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out five . Evan Longoria hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Brett Cecil ( 3 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and one hit in one - third of an inning . The Blue Jays lost for the fifth time in six games . Toronto 's J. P. Arencibia hit a leadoff homer in the third , his 16th , but the Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half on a two - out , two - run homer by Encarnacion . Blue Jays right - hander Esmil Rogers allowed four runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked none and struck out four . Toronto 's Brett Lawrie homered off Jake McGee with one out in the ninth . It was his second homer of the season .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Ervin Santana has been a big part of the Kansas City Royals ' pitching staff . Santana pitched two - hit ball into the eighth inning , Billy Butler had two hits and an RBI and the Kansas City Royals beat the Detroit Tigers 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Santana ( 6 - 6 ) allowed two hits , struck out six and walked one in 7 1/3 innings . Greg Holland worked a perfect ninth for his 23rd save . Anibal Sanchez ( 7 - 7 ) gave up one run and four hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out three . Billy Butler had an RBI single in the first inning for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Detroit 's Phil Coke got two outs in the seventh , and Kelvin Herrera got two outs in the eighth and Greg Holland worked a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in 27 opportunities . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Tigers were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Royals have scored only one run in their past three games . The Tigers have scored only one run in their past three games . They 've scored just 10 runs in their past eight games . Detroit 's Miguel Cabrera went 0 - for - 3 , ending his career - best hitting streak at 20 games . He is hitting .362 with eight home runs and 14 RBIs . The Tigers have scored only seven runs in their past five games . Detroit 's Lorenzo Cain extended his hitting streak to a career - high 14 games .
PHOENIX -- The Milwaukee Brewers have been waiting for a long time to find a way to win . Logan Schafer homered and drove in two runs , Wily Peralta pitched seven strong innings and the Brewers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Carlos Gomez had a two - run single in the first inning , and Logan Schafer added a solo homer in the fifth . Peralta ( 7 - 9 ) allowed one run and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Peralta ( 7 - 6 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Diamondbacks scored three runs in the first inning off Ian Kennedy ( 3 - 6 ) . Norichika Aoki led off with a single , and Carlos Gomez followed with a two - run single . Schafer 's sacrifice fly made it 4 - 0 . Schafer led off the fifth with his third home run of the season , a two - run shot that made it 5 - 0 . Montero led off the fifth with a home run to make it 5 - 0 . Schafer led off the fifth with a home run to left , his third of the season . The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Peralta struck out Jason Kubel and Martin Prado to end the threat . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Eury Eury De La Rosa struck out pinch - hitter Rickie Weeks and Yuniesky Betancourt to end the threat . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Michael Collmenter struck out Adam Eaton to end the threat .
NEW YORK -- Aaron Hicks hit a three - run homer and the Minnesota Twins beat CC Sabathia and the New York Yankees 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . CC Sabathia ( 9 - 8 ) gave up eight runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in four - plus innings . He struck out five and walked two . Aaron Hicks hit a three - run homer and Ichiro Suzuki also went deep for the Yankees . Kyle Gibson ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in five innings for the Twins , who have won four of five . The Yankees have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Twins this season . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven and fell to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game homestand . New York , which has lost six of seven , fell to 1 - 6 on its 10 - game road trip . The Yankees have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games and are 5 - 12 against the Twins this season . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games and are 5 - 12 against the Twins this season . They 've lost six of their last seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven and are 2 - 5 against the Yankees this season . They 've lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven .
NEW YORK -- Ryan Doumit and the Minnesota Twins have been waiting for a long time . Ryan Doumit hit a tiebreaking homer in the seventh inning , Pedro Florimon added a two - run shot in the eighth and the Twins beat the New York Yankees 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Deduno ( 5 - 4 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked three . Glen Perkins pitched the ninth for his 21st save . Phil Hughes ( 4 - 9 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 7 1/3 innings for New York . He struck out 10 and walked one . Pedro Florimon hit a two - run homer in the eighth off Shawn Kelley to make it 4 - 1 . Pedro Florimon hit a two - run shot in the eighth to give the Yankees a 4 - 1 lead . Pedro Florimon hit a two - run homer in the eighth to give the Yankees a 4 - 1 lead . Pedro Florimon hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Yankees manager Joe Girardi was ejected in the seventh inning by plate umpire Angel Campos after a called third strike on a 3 - 2 pitch from Joba Chamberlain . Girardi was ejected in the eighth inning for arguing a called third strike . New York had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Glen Perkins got the final three outs for his 21st save in 23 chances . The Yankees have lost six of seven and are 1 - 4 on their current 10 - game road trip . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place New York Yankees in the AL East . Robinson Cano had an RBI single in the first , and Trevor Plouffe homered in the second for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Yankees manager Joe Girardi said he was n't sure whether Doumit would be able to play in Tuesday 's series finale .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- The Boston Red Sox have been waiting for Jed Lowrie to come off the disabled list . Jed Lowrie hit a go - ahead home run in the sixth inning , Dustin Pedroia added a two - run single and the Red Sox beat the Oakland Athletics 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Lackey ( 7 - 6 ) allowed two runs and three hits in seven innings , struck out five and walked four . Koji Uehara struck out the side in the ninth for his eighth save in nine chances . Boston 's Brock Holt hit a two - run double in the second inning off Oakland starter Jarrod Parker to give the Red Sox a 2 - 0 lead . Parker allowed two runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Parker allowed two runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The A 's took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Brock Holt 's two - out , two - run double . The A 's tied it in the bottom half on Mike Napoli 's two - out single . Boston tied it in the bottom of the inning on Jaso 's fielder 's choice . Boston tied it in the bottom half on Pedroia 's two - out , two - run single . Lowrie homered leading off the sixth to tie the game at 2 . It was Lowrie 's fourth of the season and second in two days . The A 's loaded the bases with one out in the eighth but failed to score . Lackey struck out David Ortiz and Eric Sogard to end the threat .
SEATTLE -- The Seattle Mariners have been waiting for someone to get back on track . Raul Ibanez hit two home runs , Kyle Seager also went deep and the Seattle Mariners beat the Los Angeles Angels 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Angels have won five of their last six games . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . Williams ( 5 - 5 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He struck out one , walked one and hit a batter . It was the second time in four starts that he allowed more than three earned runs . The Angels scored a run in the first inning on a double by Zunino and a sacrifice fly by Dustin Ackley . Ibanez hit a two - out solo homer in the seventh to give the Mariners a 7 - 0 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Ibanez , who hit a two - run shot in the 10th inning of the Angels ' 3 - 2 win over the Los Angeles Angels on Friday night . It was the first multihomer game of his career . Morales added a solo shot in the seventh .
PITTSBURGH -- Jordy Mercer hit a game - ending single with two outs in the 11th inning to lift the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 3 - 2 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . The Mets have lost five of six and are a season - high 16 games over .500 . Jordy Mercer hit a two - out single in the 11th off Gonzalez Germen ( 0 - 1 ) , and Andrew McCutchen walked to load the bases . Mercer then lined a 1 - 1 pitch to right - center to give the Pirates a 3 - 2 lead . It was the first game - ending hit of the season for the Pirates , who have won four of five . Vin Mazzaro ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning for the win . The Mets have won four of five . Pedro Alvarez hit a two - run homer in the first inning for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Kirk Nieuwenhuis hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Mets starter Charlie Morton gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by David Wright and a run - scoring double by Daniel Murphy . The Mets tied it in the sixth when Jose Tabata led off with a single and scored on David Wright 's single . Pittsburgh 's Kirk Nieuwenhuis hit a solo homer in the seventh for a 2 - 0 lead . It was his third homer of the season and second in two games .
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting for the Baltimore Orioles to get back to the playoffs . Adam Jones hit a three - run homer , J. J. Hardy hit a three - run shot and the Orioles beat Mark Buehrle and the Toronto Blue Jays 8 - 5 on Tuesday night . Buehrle ( 5 - 6 ) gave up eight runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Chris Davis hit a two - run homer in the second inning for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Tillman gave up three runs and eight hits in six innings , striking out five and walking one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.91 ERA in his last five starts . The Blue Jays have won five of their last six games . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Blue Jays have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Blue Jays have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Blue Jays have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Orioles this season . The Blue Jays have lost six of their last seven games and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Blue Jays have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand .
CLEVELAND -- R. A. Dickey 's knuckleball was working . The Toronto Blue Jays ' knuckleballer gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in six innings to lead the Indians to a 4 - 2 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night . Asdrubal Cabrera hit a solo homer in the first inning for the Indians , who have won five of six . Dickey ( 8 - 10 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in six innings . The right - hander struck out seven and walked three . Cleveland 's Danny Salazar ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and two hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Blue Jays have won six of their last seven games . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost seven of their last 10 games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at home since July 26 - 28 , 2011 . The Blue Jays have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last eight .
DETROIT -- The Chicago White Sox did n't need much offense . Josh Phegley hit his first career grand slam , Chris Sale pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Chicago White Sox beat the Detroit Tigers 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Miguel Cabrera and Alejandro De Aza also homered for the White Sox , who have won four of five . Sale ( 6 - 8 ) allowed three runs and 10 hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Addison Reed pitched the ninth for his 23rd save . Anibal Sanchez ( 7 - 6 ) allowed five runs -- four earned -- and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Phegley 's slam in the sixth gave the White Sox a 5 - 3 lead . Alejandro De Aza added a solo homer in the eighth for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Sale ( 6 - 8 ) gave up three runs and 10 hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Detroit 's Matt Tuiasosopo hit a two - run homer in the second inning , his first of the season . The White Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Alexei Ramirez 's RBI double , but the White Sox answered in the bottom of the inning . Victor Martinez led off with a single and Phegley followed with his first homer of the season , a three - run shot that made it 3 - 1 . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Phegley .
MILWAUKEE -- Mike Leake had a rough start for the Milwaukee Brewers . Leake took a four - hitter into the ninth inning and Brandon Phillips drove in three runs to lead the Cincinnati Reds to a 6 - 2 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Leake ( 8 - 4 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 8 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out two . Leake ( 0 - 3 ) gave up four runs and four hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out one . Jay Bruce had two hits and two RBIs for the Reds . Shin-Soo Choo had three hits and scored twice for the Reds . Sean Halton homered for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Carlos Gomez . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Devin Mesoraco . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring groundout by Phillips and a run - scoring groundout by Carlos Gomez . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Phillips . Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jay Bruce 's RBI groundout and a sacrifice fly by Devin Mesoraco . Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Carlos Gomez . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Devin Mesoraco . Choo led off the inning with a double and scored on Phillips ' groundout .
SEATTLE -- The Boston Red Sox did n't need much offense . David Ortiz hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , Felix Doubront pitched seven strong innings and the Red Sox beat the Seattle Mariners 11 - 4 on Tuesday night . Ortiz hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a sacrifice fly in the sixth . Ortiz hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a sacrifice fly in the sixth . Ortiz hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a sacrifice fly in the sixth . Ortiz hit a two - run homer off Aaron Harang ( 4 - 8 ) in the third and added a sacrifice fly in the sixth . Doubront ( 6 - 3 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . Doubront ( 6 - 3 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Red Sox scored seven runs in the first two innings against Aaron Harang ( 4 - 8 ) , who gave up seven runs -- seven earned -- and eight hits in five innings . He walked three and did not strike out a batter . Ortiz hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a sacrifice fly in the sixth . Ortiz hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a sacrifice fly in the sixth . Ortiz hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a sacrifice fly in the sixth . Ryan Workman got the final four outs .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Adrian Beltre and A. J. Pierzynski hit back - to - back home runs in the second inning , and the Texas Rangers beat the Houston Astros 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Adrian Beltre and Marc Krauss hit two - run homers in the second inning for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Adrian Beltre hit a solo homer for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Cory Burns ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Joe Nathan pitched a perfect ninth for his 29th save in 34 chances . Bedard ( 3 - 5 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked five . The Astros have lost five of their last six games and have lost five of their last six . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have lost six of seven .
TORONTO -- Mark Buehrle has been a big reason why . Buehrle pitched seven shutout innings , Jose Bautista hit a solo homer and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Minnesota Twins 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Buehrle ( 5 - 5 ) allowed six hits , struck out five and walked none . The right - hander is 5 - 0 in his past six starts against the Twins , who have lost three of four . The Blue Jays have won six of their past seven games . Minnesota has lost six of seven . Kevin Correia ( 6 - 6 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Blue Jays have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Blue Jays have lost six of their past seven games . Minnesota 's Joe Mauer extended his hitting streak to a career - high 13 games with a single in the first . He was replaced by Edwin Encarnacion , who walked . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with one out in the second , but Buehrle escaped the jam by striking out Trevor Plouffe and getting Chris Parmelee to ground into an inning - ending double play . Reyes hit a two - run double in the fourth and scored on Bautista 's two - out single . Bautista hit an RBI single in the fourth , and the Blue Jays added three more in the fourth . Maicer Izturis led off with a single , J. P. Arencibia walked and Bautista hit a two - run double . Bautista followed with a two - out RBI single . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with one out in the seventh , but Ryan Pressly came on to strike out Pedro Florimon to end the threat .
PHILADELPHIA -- Cliff Lee has been a big part of the Philadelphia Phillies ' rotation . Dan Uggla hit a three - run homer , Humberto Quintero added a two - run shot and the Phillies beat the Atlanta Braves 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Cliff Lee ( 10 - 2 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings to win his fourth straight start . Jonathan Papelbon pitched a scoreless ninth for his 18th save in 21 chances . Ryan Howard and Dan Uggla hit solo homers for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Paul Maholm ( 9 - 7 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in six innings for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Uggla hit a three - run homer in the seventh off Phillies reliever JC Ramirez to cut it to 5 - 4 . Uggla hit a three - run homer in the seventh to make it 5 - 3 . Quintero hit a two - run homer in the second , his first of the season , to make it 4 - 0 . Quintero hit a two - run homer in the second , his first of the season , to make it 4 - 0 . Quintero hit a two - run homer in the second to make it 4 - 0 . Uggla hit a three - run homer in the seventh to make it 5 - 3 . It was Uggla 's third homer of the season and second in two games . It was the first homer allowed by Maholm this season , the most in the majors this season . The Braves scored a run in the seventh on Andrelton Simmons ' sacrifice fly .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are doing their best to get back on track . Juan Uribe hit a grand slam and drove in a career - high seven runs , Hyun-Jin Ryu pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Dodgers beat the San Francisco Giants 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hanley Ramirez and A. J. Ellis each had two hits and an RBI for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Dodgers starter Matt Cain ( 5 - 5 ) allowed eight runs -- eight earned -- and six hits in 2 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked four and struck out one . Ryu ( 7 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Dodgers have won four straight and eight of 10 to move into first place in the NL West . Uribe hit a two - run homer and drove in a career - high seven runs , and A. J. Ellis had two hits and drove in a run for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . The Giants have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their current 10 - game road trip . San Francisco has lost six of seven . The Giants have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their current 10 - game road trip . Cain ( 5 - 5 ) allowed a season - high eight runs and six hits in 2 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked four and struck out one . Uribe hit a two - run homer in the seventh to make it 10 - 1 .
ST. LOUIS -- The St. Louis Cardinals have been waiting for Jake Westbrook in his first season with the St. Louis Cardinals . Westbrook pitched seven innings of three - hit ball , Matt Holliday had two hits and an RBI and the Cardinals beat the Miami Marlins 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Westbrook ( 5 - 3 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out none and did n't walk a batter for the second time in four starts . Edward Mujica struck out two in a perfect ninth for his 22nd save in 25 chances . The Cardinals have won four of five and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . Jacob Turner ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . Logan Morrison hit a solo homer for the Marlins , who have lost three of four . Matt Carpenter had two hits and an RBI for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Miami has lost four of five . The Marlins have lost four of five . Miami has lost four of five . The Marlins have lost four of five . Miami has lost four of five . The Marlins have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . Matt Adams had a two - out RBI double in the third to give the Cardinals a 4 - 1 lead . Matt Adams had a run - scoring double in the third and Matt Adams added a run - scoring double in the third to give the Marlins a 4 - 1 lead . Matt Adams had a run - scoring double in the third and Allen Craig drove in a run with a sacrifice fly in the third .
CHICAGO -- Francisco Liriano pitched a complete game , and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Chicago Cubs 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Liriano ( 8 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out seven and walked four . He also hit an RBI single in the second inning and had an RBI single in the third . The Pirates have won five of their last six games against the Cubs , who have won five of their last six games against the Cubs . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 1/2 games behind the first - place Chicago Cubs in the NL Central . Jeff Samardzija ( 5 - 8 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in six innings for Chicago . He struck out three and walked five . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Jose Tabata 's two - out RBI single . Neil Walker hit an RBI triple and scored on a single by Garrett Jones in the fifth to give the Pirates a 5 - 2 lead . The Pirates added three runs in the eighth off Hector Rondon to make it 6 - 2 . Starling Marte had three hits and scored twice for the Cubs , who have lost five of six . The Cubs have lost four of five . The Cubs have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Cubs have lost seven of their last 10 games . The Cubs have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Lorenzo Cain and the Kansas City Royals finally got a win . Cain hit a grand slam , Drew Stubbs hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs , and the Royals beat the Cleveland Indians 10 - 7 on Tuesday night . Cain hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the sixth to give the Royals a 7 - 5 lead . Cain hit a two - run homer off Cody Allen in the seventh , and Perez added a three - run double off Joe Smith in the eighth to make it 10 - 7 . Luke Hochevar ( 2 - 1 ) worked a perfect eighth for the win . Greg Holland worked the ninth for his 19th save in 22 opportunities . The Royals ' Ubaldo Jimenez gave up four runs , three earned , and three hits in five - plus innings . The right - hander walked five and struck out three . Carlos Santana hit a two - run double in the seventh to give the Indians a 7 - 5 lead . George Kottaras hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Cleveland 's James Shields gave up five runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Royals scored four runs in the sixth to take a 7 - 5 lead . Mike Aviles led off with a double and scored on Carlos Santana 's two - run double . Hosmer hit a two - run homer off Joe Smith in the seventh to make it 7 - 7 , and Perez added a three - run double off Aaron Crow .
PITTSBURGH -- Cole Hamels pitched seven strong innings and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Hamels ( 3 - 11 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and five hits in seven innings . He struck out eight without a walk . Hamels is 3 - 0 with a 4.38 ERA in his past four starts . The Phillies scored two runs in the sixth off Gerrit Cole ( 4 - 1 ) , who allowed three runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . Gerrit Cole ( 4 - 1 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . The Pirates have lost four of five .
NEW YORK -- Martin Prado and the New York Mets are on a roll . Martin Prado homered and drove in a run , Jeremy Hefner pitched seven strong innings and the New York Mets beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Anthony Recker hit a solo homer and drove in two runs for the Mets , who have won four of five . Hefner ( 3 - 6 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . The right - hander has won his last three starts and has a 3.54 ERA over that span . Corbin ( 9 - 1 ) gave up five runs and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . Martin Prado homered and drove in a run for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Eric Young Jr. hit a two - run double and Juan Lagares had a run - scoring single for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Arizona has lost six of seven . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . Arizona has lost six of seven . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games and are 2 - 4 against the Mets this season . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . They have lost six of their last seven .
WASHINGTON -- The New York Mets are on the verge of a playoff berth . Zack Wheeler pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Daniel Murphy had three hits and drove in two runs and the New York Mets beat the Washington Nationals 11 - 3 on Tuesday night . Wheeler ( 7 - 3 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out three . The Mets have won six of their last seven games and have won six of their last seven . The Mets have lost six of their last seven games . Washington 's Dan Haren ( 8 - 12 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 2 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked none and struck out three . Eric Young Jr. had three hits and drove in two runs for the Mets , who have won five of six . Omar Quintanilla hit a two - run double in the second , and the Mets added three more in the third . Eric Young Jr. singled , stole second and scored on Omar Quintanilla 's two - out double . The Mets added three more runs in the third , including a two - run single by Juan Lagares and a run - scoring single by Ike Davis . The Mets added three more in the sixth , including a two - run single by Daniel Murphy , who had three hits and drove in two runs . Eric Young Jr. had three hits and drove in two runs for the Mets , who have won four of five . Washington scored four runs in the second inning to take a 2 - 0 lead . The Mets added three runs in the third , including a two - run single by Daniel Murphy and a two - run double by Matt Desmond . The Nationals added two more runs in the sixth on RBI singles by Jayson Werth and Ian Desmond .
PITTSBURGH -- Francisco Liriano did n't need much run support for the Pittsburgh Pirates . The right - hander pitched eight innings of two - hit ball , Garrett Jones homered and drove in four runs and the Pirates beat the St. Louis Cardinals 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Liriano ( 15 - 6 ) struck out six and walked two in eight innings to win for the first time in four starts . The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . The Pirates have won five of their last six games and are 5 - 0 against St. Louis this season . Russell Martin and Russell Martin hit back - to - back home runs in the fourth inning to give the Pirates a 3 - 0 lead . Jones hit a solo homer in the fourth and Jones added a run - scoring single in the fifth to push the Pirates ' lead to 5 - 0 . Jones hit a solo homer in the fourth and added a run - scoring single in the fifth . Jones hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a run - scoring single in the fifth . Jones hit a solo homer in the fourth and added a run - scoring single in the fifth to push the Pirates ' lead to 5 - 0 . Jones hit a solo homer in the fourth and added a run - scoring single in the fifth . Jones hit a solo homer in the fourth and added a run - scoring single in the fifth . Jones hit a two - run homer in the first and a run - scoring single in the fifth .
ATLANTA -- Kris Medlen and the Atlanta Braves are enjoying the way they 've been waiting for . Medlen pitched seven innings of six - hit ball , Brian McCann hit a three - run homer and the Braves beat the Cleveland Indians 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Medlen ( 11 - 12 ) gave up six hits and no runs in seven innings . He struck out six without a walk . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth for his 43rd save . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 9 - 9 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out 10 and did n't walk a batter . Lonnie Chisenhall led off the eighth with a pinch - hit homer off David Carpenter to cut the Braves ' lead to 3 - 1 . It was Chisenhall 's third homer of the season and second in two games . McCann 's homer was the first of the season for the Braves , who were shut out for the third time this season . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost four straight and seven of nine . The Indians have lost four straight and eight of 10 . They have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Indians have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of seven .
NEW YORK -- Cole Hamels pitched seven strong innings , Carlos Ruiz homered and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the New York Mets 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hamels ( 6 - 13 ) allowed two runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The right - hander is 6 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last seven starts against the Mets , who have won four of five . The Mets have lost six of seven . Matsuzaka ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out five . Carlos Ruiz hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Mets starter Robert Feliciano gave up an unearned run in 1 1/3 innings for the Mets , who have lost four of five . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven .
CLEVELAND -- The Cleveland Indians are on their longest winning streak of the season . Drew Stubbs hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth inning , and the Indians beat the Minnesota Twins 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Cleveland 's Scott Kazmir struck out eight in six innings , allowing one run and seven hits . The right - hander struck out eight and walked one . Joe Smith ( 5 - 1 ) pitched the eighth and Chris Perez worked the ninth for his 21st save in 25 chances . Cleveland 's Mike Pelfrey gave up one run and two hits in five innings . The right - hander walked six and struck out three . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Indians , who have lost five of six , fell to 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Twins have lost six of seven . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost five of six and are 2 1/2 games behind the first - place Chicago White Sox in the AL Central . Stubbs hit a solo homer off Jared Burton ( 2 - 7 ) in the eighth to give the Indians a 2 - 1 lead . It was Stubbs ' fourth homer of the season and second in two games . The Indians have won five of their last six games . The Twins have lost six of seven . Minnesota 's Scott Kazmir allowed one run and seven hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked one .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Jordan Zimmermann has been a big part of the Washington Nationals ' recent success . Zimmermann pitched into the eighth inning , Ian Desmond hit a two - run homer and the Nationals beat the Kansas City Royals 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Zimmermann ( 15 - 7 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Nationals have won six of their past seven games . The Royals have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . Davis ( 6 - 10 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out four . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his past six starts . The Nationals scored in the first inning on Bryce Harper 's RBI single . Wilson Ramos hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth and Ian Desmond hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Nationals , who have won five of six . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . They have lost seven of their past nine games and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Royals have lost six of seven and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Royals have lost six of seven and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand .
MIAMI -- The Colorado Rockies have been waiting for Michael Cuddyer and Jhoulys Chacin . Cuddyer hit a go - ahead single in the eighth inning and drove in two runs to lead the Rockies to a 3 - 2 victory over the Miami Marlins on Tuesday night . Chacin ( 12 - 7 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out five . Rex Brothers pitched a perfect ninth for his 12th save in 14 chances . Chad Qualls ( 4 - 2 ) took the loss . Ed Lucas led off the fifth with a home run and Michael Cuddyer drove in a run with a fielder 's choice grounder in the sixth to tie the game at 1 . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when DJ LeMahieu led off with a double and scored on a single by Ryan Wheeler . The Marlins tied the game in the sixth when Jake Marisnick led off with a double and scored on a single by Ryan Wheeler . The Marlins tied the game at 1 in the sixth when Troy Tulowitzki doubled and scored on a groundout by Ryan Wheeler . Miami starter Tom Koehler gave up one run and six hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out five . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Cuddyer drove in a run with a fielder 's choice . Colorado tied it in the sixth when Charlie Blackmon led off with a double and scored on a single by Ryan Wheeler . The Marlins tied the game in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Ryan Wheeler . The Marlins went ahead 2 - 1 in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Ryan Wheeler .
SAN DIEGO -- Ian Kennedy had his best outing of the season . Kennedy pitched seven innings of four - hit ball , Yonder Alonso drove in two runs and the San Diego Padres beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Kennedy ( 5 - 9 ) allowed four hits , struck out eight and walked three . Huston Street pitched the ninth for his 24th save . Gerrit Cole ( 6 - 6 ) gave up two runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked none . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game West Coast trip . San Diego 's Andrew McCutchen hit a sacrifice fly in the eighth off Luke Gregerson to cut the Padres ' lead to 2 - 1 . It was the first time the Padres had scored at least 10 runs in a game this season . San Diego scored in the third on a sacrifice fly by Chris Denorfia and a sacrifice fly by Alonso . Alonso 's sacrifice fly in the eighth scored Felix Pie , who led off with a single . Felix Pie was aboard on a one - out single . He scored on a sacrifice fly by Andrew McCutchen . McCutchen 's sacrifice fly in the eighth off Luke Gregerson made it 2 - 1 . Alonso 's sacrifice fly in the third gave the Padres a 2 - 0 lead . Alonso 's sacrifice fly in the eighth scored Will Venable , who led off the inning with a single . Pittsburgh 's Pedro Alvarez went 0 - for - 3 with a walk and is hitless in his last 21 at - bats .
CINCINNATI -- The Cincinnati Reds had a lot to do with it . Shin-Soo Choo had a career - high four hits , including a leadoff homer in the eighth inning , and the Reds beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 10 - 7 on Tuesday night . Shin-Soo Choo went 4 - for - 5 with a homer and three RBIs , and Devin Mesoraco had a two - run single for the Reds , who took two of three from the defending NL West champions . Cincinnati 's Brandon McCarthy ( 2 - 8 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in 2 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts , including a 4 - 1 loss to the Reds on July 8 . The Diamondbacks have lost four of five . Leake ( 11 - 5 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the second time in his last four starts . Aroldis Chapman pitched the final two innings for his 32nd save in 34 chances . The Reds have won five of their last six games . Choo had a career - high four hits , including a leadoff homer in the first inning off Brandon McCarthy ( 2 - 8 ) . He had a two - run single in the second inning and added a two - run single in the second . Choo had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the third . He had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the third . Choo had a two - run single in the second inning and a two - run single in the third . He had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Choo had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the third . He had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Eaton 's two - run homer in the fifth made it 8 - 4 .
MILWAUKEE -- Kyle Lohse has been the Milwaukee Brewers ' ace . Lohse pitched six strong innings and Yadier Molina hit a two - run homer , leading the Brewers to a 6 - 3 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Lohse ( 9 - 8 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . Jim Henderson pitched the ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . Lance Lynn ( 13 - 7 ) allowed six runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked three . St. Louis scored three times in the fourth to take a 5 - 3 lead . Halton 's two - run single made it 5 - 3 and chased Lynn . Molina hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Brewers a 3 - 0 lead . It was the third time this season the Brewers have hit back - to - back home runs . Halton 's two - run single in the fourth made it 5 - 3 and chased Lynn . Molina hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Brewers a 3 - 0 lead . The Brewers took a 5 - 3 lead in the fourth on an RBI single by Norichika Aoki and a run - scoring single by Logan Schafer . The Cardinals took a 5 - 3 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Scooter Gennett and a run - scoring single by Logan Schafer . The Cardinals took a 5 - 3 lead in the fourth . Aramis Ramirez led off with a double and scored on a single by Matt Adams , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a triple . Halton 's RBI single made it 6 - 3 in the fifth .
DETROIT -- Justin Morneau had a pretty good night at the plate . Morneau had four hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in four runs to lead the Minnesota Twins to a 6 - 3 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Morneau had four hits , including a two - run double in the fifth that gave the Twins a 5 - 1 lead . Morneau had four hits , including a two - run double in the fifth that gave the Twins a 5 - 1 lead . Morneau had four hits , including a two - run double in the fifth that gave the Twins a 5 - 1 lead . Pelfrey ( 5 - 10 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked one . Glen Perkins pitched the ninth for his 29th save in 34 chances . Rick Porcello ( 9 - 7 ) allowed five runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . Prince Fielder hit a solo homer for the Tigers , who have lost three of four . Pedro Florimon hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Detroit 's Jeremy Bonderman allowed a run and a hit in 2 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Tigers scored three runs in the fourth to take a 3 - 0 lead . Morneau hit a two - run double , and Trevor Plouffe followed with an RBI double to make it 3 - 0 . Morneau 's two - run double in the fifth gave the Twins a 3 - 0 lead , and Florimon 's solo homer in the sixth made it 6 - 1 . It was the first time the Twins hit back - to - back home runs this season . Fielder hit a solo homer in the sixth , and Morneau 's two - run double in the fifth made it 5 - 1 .
MILWAUKEE -- Homer Bailey did n't have his best stuff , but the Cincinnati right - hander did n't need much help . Bailey pitched eight innings of three - hit ball , Ryan Hanigan drove in three runs and the Reds beat the Milwaukee Brewers 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Bailey ( 8 - 10 ) allowed one run and three hits in eight innings , striking out eight and walking one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . The Reds have won six of their last seven games , and the Reds have won six of their last seven . The Brewers have lost five of six and are 2 - 7 since the All-Star break . Wily Peralta ( 8 - 13 ) allowed eight hits and seven runs -- seven earned -- in 4 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out four . The Reds took a 5 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run single by Ryan Hanigan and a two - run single by Brandon Phillips . Joey Votto 's bases - loaded walk in the fifth gave the Reds a 9 - 0 lead , and Hanigan 's RBI single made it 8 - 0 . Chris Heisey had an RBI single and Jack Hannahan scored on a wild pitch to make it 5 - 0 . Khris Davis homered off Tyler Thornburg in the fifth to make it 9 - 1 . It was the first home run allowed by Thornburg in five starts this season . The Brewers scored three runs in the second inning to take a 5 - 0 lead . Brandon Phillips hit a two - run single and Ryan Hanigan hit a two - run single to give the Reds a 5 - 0 lead . Hanigan 's two - run single and Joey Votto 's bases - loaded walk loaded the bases for Hanigan , who singled in a run to make it 5 - 0 . Hanigan added an RBI single and Cesar Izturis a bases - loaded walk to make it 8 - 0 . Peralta allowed eight hits and seven runs in 4 1/3 innings .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres are on the verge of a playoff berth . Jedd Gyorko hit a three - run homer , Will Venable had four hits and scored three runs and the Padres beat the New York Mets 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Nick Hundley and Jedd Gyorko each hit a two - run homer , and Edinson Volquez ( 9 - 10 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked two . Padres starter David Aardsma ( 2 - 2 ) gave up four runs and six hits in two - plus innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Chris Denorfia 's RBI single . Daniel Murphy 's RBI single tied it at 1 in the third , but the Padres tied it in the bottom half on a two - out , two - run single by Alexi Amarista . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Eric Young Jr. led off with a single , stole second and scored on Alexi Mejia 's wild pitch . Hundley hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Padres a 3 - 1 lead . It was Hundley 's fourth of the season and second in two games . Gyorko hit a three - run homer off Carlos Torres in the eighth . It was Gyorko 's 10th of the season and second in two games . Gyorko 's three - run homer off Carlos Torres in the eighth gave the Padres an 8 - 2 lead . It was Gyorko 's 10th of the season and second in two games .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- The Cleveland Indians are doing their best to make the playoffs . Nick Swisher homered and Jason Kipnis added a two - run single in a three - run ninth inning as the Indians beat the Oakland Athletics 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Cleveland 's Ubaldo Jimenez ( 9 - 7 ) allowed one run and struck out eight in 5 2/3 innings to win for the first time in four starts . The right - hander allowed one run and struck out eight in 5 2/3 innings . Michael Bourn homered and drove in a run for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Dan Straily ( 6 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Swisher hit a solo homer in the first and Asdrubal Cabrera added an RBI single in the first for the Indians , who have won four of five . Josh Donaldson had two hits and drove in a run for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Oakland has lost four of five . The A 's have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The A 's have lost five of their last six games . The A 's lost for the seventh time in nine games and fell to 1 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The A 's have lost six of their last seven games and are 1 - 5 on their current 10 - game road trip . The A 's have lost six of their last seven games and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game homestand .
BALTIMORE -- The Colorado Rockies have been waiting for the Baltimore Orioles to get back in the thick of the AL wild - card race . Wilin Rosario hit a tiebreaking two - run homer in the seventh inning , Juan Nicasio pitched six solid innings and the Rockies beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Colorado has won five of six and has won six of seven . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place New York Yankees in the AL East . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . Nicasio ( 7 - 6 ) gave up two runs and four hits in six innings , walking four and striking out two . The right - hander struck out two , walked four and hit a batter . The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . Charlie Blackmon homered for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Wei-Yin Chen ( 6 - 6 ) gave up four runs , four earned , and five hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the third when Manny Machado singled and scored on a single by Adam Jones . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Nolan Arenado and a solo homer by Nate McLouth . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the third when Rosario doubled and scored on a single by Adam Jones .
DETROIT -- Royals manager Ned Yost was n't surprised to see James Shields pitch the ninth inning . Shields pitched seven innings of three - hit ball , Eric Hosmer hit a two - run homer and the Kansas City Royals beat the Detroit Tigers 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Shields ( 8 - 8 ) allowed three hits , walked four and struck out one . The right - hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts , allowing only one run in each of his previous three starts . The Royals have won six of their last seven games . Jose Alvarez ( 1 - 3 ) allowed two runs -- two earned -- and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . Hosmer hit a two - run homer in the third inning , and Jamey Carroll had a sacrifice fly in the seventh . Greg Holland pitched the ninth for his 34th save in 41 chances . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on Hosmer 's two - out , two - run homer . Hosmer hit a two - run homer in the third , and the Royals added a run in the seventh on David Lough 's two - out single . The Tigers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Phil Coke struck out Andy Dirks and Prince Fielder to end the threat . Prince Fielder went 0 - for - 4 , ending his career - best hitting streak at 20 games -- longest in the majors this season . Fielder went 0 for 4 , ending his career - best hitting streak at 16 games .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Yoenis Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the first inning , and the Oakland Athletics beat the Cleveland Indians 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Yoenis Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Nick Swisher had an RBI single in the seventh to give the A 's a 3 - 2 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Sean Doolittle ( 4 - 4 ) pitched the seventh for the win . Grant Balfour pitched the ninth for his 31st save in 35 chances . Justin Masterson ( 13 - 9 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the first inning to give the A 's a 2 - 0 lead . Cespedes hit a two - out , two - run homer in the first to give the A 's a 2 - 0 lead . It was the third time this season the A 's have hit back - to - back home runs . Cespedes hit a two - run shot in the first inning , and Nick Swisher had an RBI single in the seventh to give the A 's a 3 - 2 lead . Oakland took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Carlos Santana 's two - out single . The A 's made it 2 - 1 in the third on an RBI single by Eric Sogard . Cleveland 's A. J. Griffin labored through five innings , allowing an unearned run and four hits . He walked five and struck out three . Griffin is scheduled to make his first start of the season on Tuesday .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Chris Herrmann 's pinch - hit single with one out in the bottom of the ninth inning lifted the Minnesota Twins to a 4 - 3 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Pinch-hitter Doug Bernier led off the ninth with a pinch - hit single against Ramon Troncoso ( 1 - 4 ) and advanced to second on a wild pitch . Justin Morneau followed with an RBI single , and pinch - hitter Chris Herrmann followed with an RBI single to give the Twins a 4 - 3 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Jared Burton ( 2 - 6 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Ramon Troncoso ( 1 - 4 ) took the loss , allowing one run and two hits in one - third of an inning for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Minnesota starter Mike Pelfrey gave up three runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Minnesota starter Andre Rienzo allowed two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in six innings with two strikeouts and no walks . Trevor Plouffe homered for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Chicago took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Adam Dunn and a sacrifice fly by Alejandro De Aza . The White Sox made it 3 - 0 in the third on a sacrifice fly by Paul Konerko and a sacrifice fly by Alexei Ramirez . Josh Willingham 's RBI single in the sixth cut the lead to 3 - 2 , but Trevor Plouffe cut the lead to 3 - 1 with a solo homer in the fifth .
PHOENIX -- Adam Eaton has been the Arizona Diamondbacks ' most productive hitter . Eaton hit a solo home run in the eighth inning and the Diamondbacks rallied to beat the Baltimore Orioles 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Adam Eaton hit a solo homer off Brad Ziegler ( 6 - 1 ) in the top of the ninth to give the Orioles a 5 - 4 lead . It was the first game - ending homer of Eaton 's career . Eaton 's solo shot off Darren O'Day ( 5 - 2 ) in the top of the ninth gave the Diamondbacks a 6 - 5 lead . It was Eaton 's second career game - ending homer and his first since July 28 , 2011 , against the Los Angeles Dodgers . He also had a run - scoring single in the seventh inning , and the Diamondbacks scored twice in the seventh to take a 5 - 4 lead . Chris Davis hit a solo homer off Brad Ziegler ( 6 - 1 ) in the bottom half , giving the Orioles a 5 - 4 lead . It was Davis ' third homer of the season and second in two days . It was the second time this season the Diamondbacks have hit back - to - back home runs . Eaton 's solo shot off Troy Patton in the eighth made it 6 - 5 , and Nick Markakis followed with a sacrifice fly . Brad Ziegler ( 6 - 1 ) gave up a run in the top of the ninth , but got the win . The Orioles scored twice in the second inning to take a 2 - 0 lead . Brian Roberts had a run - scoring single in the second and Matt Wieters added a solo homer in the sixth to give the Orioles a 4 - 2 lead . Miley allowed four runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked one .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting for a long time to get back to the playoffs . Chris Davis hit a two - run double in the 10th inning , Matt Wieters added an RBI single and the Orioles beat the San Francisco Giants 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Orioles won for the sixth time in seven games and improved to 5 - 1 against the Giants this season . The Orioles have won four straight and eight of 10 . Baltimore has won six of seven . The Orioles have won six of seven . Baltimore has won six of seven . The Orioles have won four of five and have won seven of their last 10 games . The Giants have won four straight and eight of 10 to move into first place in the AL East for the first time since the first game of a three - game series against the New York Yankees . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Giants have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . Adam Jones and Manny Machado each had two hits for the Giants , who have lost four of five . J. J. Hardy hit a solo homer for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Giants starter Ryan Vogelsong gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Giants ' Chris Tillman allowed one run and four hits in eight innings , struck out nine and walked one . The right - hander had a career - high nine strikeouts in his first start against the Giants . The right - hander had a career - high nine strikeouts in his first start against the Giants , but he did n't allow a hit until Brandon Belt 's one - out single in the fourth . The Giants had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Tommy Casilla struck out Roger Kieschnick to end the threat .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals are on the verge of a playoff berth . Bruce Chen pitched five - hit ball into the eighth inning , Billy Butler homered and the Kansas City Royals beat the Boston Red Sox 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Chen ( 5 - 0 ) allowed five hits , walked one and struck out two in 7 2/3 innings . Luke Hochevar earned his second save , giving up an RBI single to Stephen Drew in the ninth . Lester ( 10 - 7 ) gave up three runs -- one earned -- and five hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Red Sox scored three runs in the first inning off Jon Lester ( 10 - 7 ) , who gave up three runs , one earned , on five hits and two walks in seven innings . Butler led off the eighth with a homer off Rubby De La Rosa , and Justin Maxwell added a solo shot off Rubby De La Rosa to make it 5 - 0 . It was De La Rosa 's first start of the season for the Red Sox , who acquired the veteran right - hander from the New York Yankees in a three - team trade that sent Jake Peavy to the Los Angeles Dodgers . Rubby De La Rosa , who was acquired from the Chicago Cubs in the offseason , gave up two runs and two hits in the first inning , including a two - run single by Mike Moustakas . Rubby De La Rosa gave up two runs and two hits , walked none and struck out a batter in the eighth .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox were in position to win a game for the first time in more than a month . Alejandro De Aza hit a two - run triple with two outs in the 12th inning and the White Sox beat the New York Yankees 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Robinson Cano hit a tiebreaking homer in the 12th inning , and the White Sox rallied for a 6 - 5 victory over the New York Yankees on Tuesday night . The White Sox trailed 4 - 0 before scoring three runs in the seventh . Alejandro De Aza hit a two - out , two - run triple off Adam Warren ( 1 - 2 ) , and Alexei Ramirez followed with a single . Alejandro De Aza hit a two - out , two - run triple off the wall in left - center to give the Yankees a 4 - 2 lead . Alejandro De Aza had a two - out , two - run triple in the 12th off Mariano Rivera , who blew a save for the second time in four chances . Alejandro De Aza had a two - out , two - run triple off Adam Warren ( 1 - 2 ) in the 12th to give the Yankees a 5 - 4 lead . Alejandro De Aza had a two - out , two - run triple in the 12th off Dylan Axelrod ( 4 - 8 ) to give the Yankees a 5 - 4 lead . Alejandro De Aza had a two - out , two - run triple off Adam Warren ( 1 - 2 ) in the 12th to give the Yankees a 5 - 4 lead . Alejandro De Aza had a two - out , two - run triple off Nate Jones in the bottom half , and Adam Dunn tied it with a pinch - hit single off Mariano Rivera , who gave up two hits and a run in two innings . Dylan Axelrod ( 4 - 8 ) pitched the 12th for Chicago , which has won four of five . Eduardo Nunez homered and drove in a run for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Yankees starter CC Sabathia gave up three runs and five hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out one and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . The White Sox scored three runs in the third to take a 4 - 0 lead . Soriano hit a two - run homer in the first and Nunez led off the fourth with his third homer of the season . It was the first time the Yankees hit back - to - back homers this season . Nunez led off the fourth with his third homer of the season and second in two games . It was the first time this season the White Sox hit back - to - back homers . Nunez led off the fourth with a home run to right - center off Hector Santiago . It was his fourth of the season and second in two days . Beckham hit a solo shot in the fourth to cut the Yankees ' lead to 4 - 1 . It was Beckham 's fourth homer of the season .
NEW YORK -- Matt Harvey has been the New York Mets ' most consistent starter since the All-Star break . Harvey pitched a four - hitter for his first major league shutout , Wilmer Flores hit a three - run double and the New York Mets beat the Colorado Rockies 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Harvey ( 9 - 3 ) struck out six and walked none , improving to 3 - 0 with a 2.09 ERA in four starts against the Rockies this season . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his previous five starts , including a no - hitter at Coors Field last season . The Mets won for the eighth time in 10 games and improved to 5 - 1 against the Rockies this season . The Mets have lost five of six and have been shut out twice this season . Jhoulys Chacin ( 10 - 6 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings for the Rockies . He struck out five and walked one . Flores hit a two - out , three - run double off Manny Corpas in the eighth to give the Mets a 5 - 0 lead . Flores added a three - run double off Manny Corpas in the eighth . Ike Davis drew a leadoff walk in the fourth and scored on John Buck 's single to make it 2 - 0 . Ike Davis led off the fourth with a double and scored on Omar Quintanilla 's single . Harvey ( 9 - 3 ) struck out six and walked none , improving to 3 - 0 with a 2.09 ERA in four starts against the Rockies this season . The right - hander was 0 - 4 in his previous six starts , including a 4 - 0 win at Atlanta on July 26 . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven .
PITTSBURGH -- Josh Harrison was n't sure what to expect from the Pittsburgh Pirates . Harrison hit a pinch - hit home run with one out in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the Pirates to a 4 - 3 victory over the Miami Marlins on Tuesday night . Harrison hit a 1 - 2 pitch from Mike Dunn ( 2 - 3 ) over the wall in right - center to give the Pirates a 4 - 3 lead . It was Harrison 's first pinch - hit home run of the season and his first pinch - hit home run of the season . Bryan Morris ( 5 - 4 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . The Pirates have won five of six and have the best record in the majors at 21 - 11 . The Marlins have lost four of five . Miami 's Henderson Alvarez gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . Miami starter Jeff Locke gave up three runs and nine hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Neil Walker singled , stole second and scored on a single by Donovan Solano . The Marlins took a 3 - 0 lead in the bottom of the inning on McCutchen 's two - run double and Logan Morrison 's RBI single . The Marlins took a 3 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI single by McCutchen and a run - scoring single by Pedro Alvarez . The Marlins took a 3 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run double by McCutchen and a two - run double by McCutchen .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox have been waiting for the Chicago White Sox to get back to .500 . Chris Sale pitched into the eighth inning , Conor Gillaspie drove in the go - ahead run and the White Sox beat the New York Yankees 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Sale ( 7 - 11 ) allowed one unearned run and five hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked four . Addison Reed worked the ninth for his 27th save in 31 chances . Hiroki Kuroda ( 10 - 7 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in seven innings for New York . He struck out four and walked one . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Conor Gillaspie 's two - out RBI single . Chicago tied it in the bottom half on Paul Konerko 's RBI fielder 's choice . Chicago tied it in the bottom half on De Aza 's two - out RBI double off the right - field wall . De Aza 's RBI double in the seventh made it 3 - 1 . Alejandro De Aza added an RBI double in the seventh for Chicago , which has won four of five . The Yankees have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the White Sox this season . New York is 1 1/2 games ahead of the New York Yankees in the AL East . The White Sox lost 4 - 3 to the Chicago White Sox . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven and are 2 1/2 games behind Baltimore for the second AL wild - card spot .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Jarrod Parker has been a tough - luck loser for the Oakland Athletics this season . Yoenis Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the first inning , Jarrod Parker pitched six strong innings and the A 's beat the Texas Rangers 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Parker ( 7 - 6 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . Grant Balfour pitched the ninth for his 29th save . Matt Garza ( 7 - 2 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in eight innings for the Rangers , who have lost five of six . The A 's have lost four straight and seven of nine . Jed Lowrie had an RBI single in the first and Adrian Beltre added an RBI single in the third for the A 's . Ian Kinsler homered for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost four of five and are a season - high 14 games over .500 . The A 's have lost five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The A 's have lost five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The A 's have lost five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The A 's have lost five of six and are a season - high 14 games over .500 . The A 's have lost six of their past seven games and are 2 - 5 on their current road trip . Texas has lost four of its last five .
CHICAGO -- James Shields and the Kansas City Royals finally got a win . Shields pitched seven strong innings , Billy Butler had three hits and drove in two runs and the Royals beat the Chicago White Sox 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Shields ( 13 - 9 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out 10 and walked one . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last five starts . The Royals have won six of their last seven games . The White Sox have lost six of seven . Sale ( 11 - 14 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . The White Sox scored three runs in the first inning off Chris Sale ( 11 - 14 ) , who allowed four runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . The White Sox scored three runs in the first off Jake Petricka , who was making his major league debut . Alex Gordon 's RBI double and Butler 's two - run double made it 4 - 0 . Bonifacio added an RBI single in the sixth to make it 6 - 0 . Beckham homered off Jake Petricka with one out in the sixth to make it 6 - 1 . It was Beckham 's 10th homer of the season and second in two games . The White Sox have scored three runs or less in five of their last six games . The White Sox scored three runs in the first inning off Sale . Butler doubled in a run and Lorenzo Cain added an RBI single .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants have n't been able to find a way to get back in the thick of the NL West race . Tony Abreu drove in four runs , Pablo Sandoval hit a two - run homer and the San Francisco Giants beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Matt Kemp had three hits and drove in two runs , and Buster Posey had two hits and scored two runs for the Giants , who have won four of five . Zito ( 5 - 11 ) allowed two runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out one and did n't walk a batter . Sergio Romo pitched the ninth for his 37th save in 41 chances . Ricky Nolasco ( 13 - 11 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Sandoval hit a two - run homer in the fourth and A. J. Ellis added a sacrifice fly in the sixth to make it 6 - 3 . Zito ( 5 - 11 ) gave up two runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out one and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last five starts against the Dodgers . The Giants have lost six of seven and are 2 - 7 against the Giants this season . The Dodgers have lost seven of their past nine games . They have lost seven of their last 10 games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Dodgers have lost six of seven .
MIAMI -- Adeiny Hechavarria hit a two - run triple and drove in three runs to help the Miami Marlins beat the Philadelphia Phillies 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Adeiny Hechavarria had three hits for the Marlins , who have won four of five . Chad Qualls ( 5 - 2 ) got the final out in the eighth for the win . Steve Cishek pitched the ninth for his 33rd save in 34 chances . Ethan Martin ( 2 - 5 ) walked Justin Ruggiano and Juan Pierre to start the inning . Justin Ruggiano walked to load the bases , and Hechavarria hit an RBI single to right . Freddy Galvis had three hits and drove in a run for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Philadelphia starter Cole Hamels allowed two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . Miami starter Brad Hand allowed two runs and seven hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second inning on a run - scoring single by Galvis and a run - scoring single by Cesar Hernandez . Philadelphia tied it 2 - all in the seventh on a run - scoring single by Kevin Frandsen and a run - scoring single by Cesar Hernandez . The Phillies went ahead 2 - 0 in the second inning on an RBI single by Galvis and a run - scoring single by Cesar Hernandez . Philadelphia went ahead 2 - 0 in the second on a run - scoring single by Galvis and a run - scoring single by Cesar Hernandez . Philadelphia tied it in the seventh on an RBI single by Cesar Hernandez .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres ' 12 - 2 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Monday night was the longest in the majors this season . Chase Headley had three hits and drove in three runs , Chris Denorfia had three hits and drove in two runs , and Ian Kennedy pitched seven strong innings to lead the Padres to a 12 - 2 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night . Jedd Gyorko hit a two - run homer and Rene Rivera doubled in a run for the Padres , who have won four of five . Padres starter Randall Delgado ( 5 - 7 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked none . Kennedy ( 7 - 10 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings , struck out seven and walked one . The right - hander has won his last three starts and has allowed two runs or fewer in each of his last six starts . The Padres have won four straight and seven of nine . San Diego 's Chris Denorfia had three hits , including a two - run single in the fifth that gave the Padres a 4 - 2 lead . Tommy Medica hit a solo homer in the fourth to give the Diamondbacks a 2 - 1 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Delgado ( 5 - 7 ) this season . San Diego took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Headley 's RBI double and a two - run single by Chris Denorfia . San Diego took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out , two - run single by Chris Denorfia and a two - run homer by Jedd Gyorko . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Headley 's two - out RBI double .
SAN DIEGO -- Didi Gregorius hit a go - ahead triple in the 12th inning and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the San Diego Padres 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Didi Gregorius hit an RBI triple off Luke Gregerson ( 6 - 8 ) to give the Diamondbacks a 2 - 1 lead in the 11th . Chris Owings singled off Luke Gregerson to start the 12th , advanced on a sacrifice and scored on Tommy Medica 's groundout . Brad Ziegler pitched a perfect 12th for his 12th save in 14 chances . Arizona 's Paul Goldschmidt homered off Tyson Ross in the sixth inning to give the Padres a 1 - 0 lead . Tyson Collmenter ( 5 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win and Brad Ziegler got the final three outs for his 12th save in 14 chances . Arizona 's Wade Miley allowed four hits in six scoreless innings , striking out seven and walking one . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 9.00 ERA in his previous five starts . The Padres have lost four of five . Padres starter David Hernandez allowed a run and two hits in the eighth . He walked two and struck out two . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but David Hernandez struck out Gerardo Parra to end the threat . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Joe Thatcher struck out pinch - hitter Tony Campana to end the threat . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Joe Thatcher struck out pinch - hitter Tony Campana to end the threat .
ST. LOUIS -- Michael Wacha has been the St. Louis Cardinals ' most dominant pitcher . Wacha took a no - hitter into the ninth inning and the Cardinals beat the Washington Nationals 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Wacha ( 4 - 1 ) struck out nine and walked two in 8 2/3 innings . Trevor Rosenthal got the final out for his second save in three chances . Gio Gonzalez ( 11 - 8 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . The Cardinals have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Cardinals have lost six of seven and are 2 - 4 on their nine - game homestand . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven .
CLEVELAND -- Corey Kluber and the Cleveland Indians are on a roll . Kluber ( 10 - 5 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings to lead the Indians to a 9 - 2 win over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . Kluber ( 10 - 5 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Carlos Santana homered and drove in two runs for the Indians , who have won four of five . Chris Carter hit a solo homer for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Erik Bedard ( 4 - 12 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . The right - hander struck out eight and walked two . Michael Bourn had a two - run triple and Mike Aviles had a pair of RBI singles for the Indians , who took two of three from the Astros . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Astros have lost five of six and are 2 - 7 since the All-Star break . The Astros have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at home since July 26 - 28 , 2011 . The Astros have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place Chicago White Sox in the AL Central . The Astros have lost six of seven . The Astros have lost six of seven . The Astros have lost six of seven and are 1 1/2 games behind the AL West-leading Los Angeles Angels .
BOSTON -- The Toronto Blue Jays have been waiting for Mark Buehrle to come out of the bullpen . Buehrle ( 12 - 9 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings , and the Blue Jays beat the Boston Red Sox 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Buehrle ( 12 - 9 ) gave up one run and five hits in six innings , striking out five and walking none . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in his last five starts . Toronto 's Clay Buchholz ( 11 - 1 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Adam Lind 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by Jonny Gomes . The Blue Jays made it 3 - 0 in the fourth on a run - scoring single by David Ross and a run - scoring single by Rajai Davis . Boston cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the sixth on a run - scoring single by Jonny Gomes and a run - scoring single by J. P. Arencibia . Casey Janssen pitched a perfect ninth for his 33rd save in 34 chances . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Jose Reyes led off with a single , stole second and scored on Adam Lind 's double . The Blue Jays took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring double by Adam Lind and a run - scoring single by Jonny Gomes . Buchholz allowed three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in six innings with two strikeouts and two walks .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Alex Cobb took a shutout into the ninth inning and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Cobb ( 10 - 3 ) allowed one run and five hits in 8 1/3 innings . The right - hander struck out a season - high 12 and walked two . The right - hander is 7 - 1 with a 2.90 ERA in his last 10 starts . Jennings hit a three - run homer in the fifth off Miguel Gonzalez ( 10 - 8 ) , who gave up three runs and two hits in six innings . Miguel Gonzalez ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . The Orioles have lost four of five . Jennings hit a three - run homer in the fifth off Miguel Gonzalez ( 10 - 8 ) , who gave up three runs and two hits in six innings . Gonzalez ( 10 - 8 ) gave up three runs and two hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out two . Jennings hit a three - run homer in the fifth for a 3 - 0 lead . Ben Zobrist added an RBI single in the seventh . Jennings hit a three - run homer in the fifth for a 3 - 0 lead . Jennings hit a two - out triple in the seventh and scored on a single by Ben Zobrist off Francisco Rodriguez to make it 5 - 0 . Adam Jones had an RBI single in the ninth for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost six of seven .
PITTSBURGH -- A. J. Burnett has been the Pittsburgh Pirates ' most consistent starter this season . Burnett struck out a career - high 12 in seven innings , Russell Martin hit a two - run homer and the Pirates beat the Cincinnati Reds 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Burnett ( 9 - 11 ) allowed two runs and four hits , striking out a season - high 12 and walking three . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 3.39 ERA in his last six starts . The Pirates have won six of their past eight games and have won six of their past seven games . Zack Cozart and Russell Martin hit solo homers for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Homer Bailey ( 11 - 11 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and three hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Ryan Ludwick and a sacrifice fly by Marlon Byrd . Martin hit a two - run homer in the second inning to tie the game at 2 . It was the first home run allowed by Burnett in five starts this season . Cozart led off the second inning with his fourth homer of the season and second in two games . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Pedro Alvarez and a sacrifice fly by Marlon Byrd . Martin hit a two - run homer in the second inning to give the Pirates a 2 - 0 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Bailey in five starts this season . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the second when Justin Morneau walked and scored on a sacrifice fly by Marlon Byrd .
DETROIT -- Victor Martinez and the Detroit Tigers did n't need much offense . Victor Martinez hit a two - run homer , Torii Hunter had four hits and drove in three runs and the Tigers beat the Chicago White Sox 12 - 5 on Tuesday night . Victor Martinez hit a two - run homer and Andy Dirks had three hits and drove in two runs for the Tigers . Scherzer ( 20 - 3 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out three , walked one and hit a batter . Dylan Axelrod ( 4 - 10 ) allowed 10 hits and seven runs -- seven earned -- in 2 2/3 innings . Avisail Garcia homered and drove in three runs for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . The White Sox scored a pair of runs in the first inning to take a 2 - 1 lead . Andy Dirks hit a two - run single , and Victor Martinez followed with a two - run homer to make it 7 - 3 . Victor Martinez hit a two - run homer in the fifth for the White Sox , who have lost six of seven . Scherzer ( 20 - 3 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . The White Sox scored two runs in the first inning on a sacrifice fly by Conor Gillaspie and a two - run single by Prince Fielder . Hunter added a two - run single in the bottom of the inning to make it 7 - 1 . Hunter had a two - run single in the fifth , and Victor Martinez hit a two - run homer in the fifth to make it 7 - 3 . The White Sox scored three runs in the bottom of the inning to take a 7 - 1 lead . Axelrod gave up seven runs and 10 hits in 2 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked two and struck out three .
NEW YORK -- Madison Bumgarner pitched seven strong innings , and the San Francisco Giants beat the New York Mets 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Bumgarner ( 13 - 9 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out 10 and walked three . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.75 ERA in his last six starts . The Giants have won four straight and eight of 10 . The Mets have won 10 of their last 13 games against the Mets , their longest skid since a seven - game run in June 1962 . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . Jonathon Niese ( 7 - 8 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings for the Mets . He struck out four and walked two . Javier Lopez got the final two outs for his first save . The Mets have won four straight and seven of eight . The Mets have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Mets have lost seven of their last 10 games . They 've lost seven of their last 10 games . The Mets have lost seven of their last 10 games . They 've lost seven of their last 10 games . They 've lost six of their last seven .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Ian Kinsler and the Texas Rangers finally got a win . Ian Kinsler homered and drove in three runs , Alexi Ogando pitched five effective innings and the Texas Rangers beat the Tampa Bay Rays 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Ogando ( 7 - 4 ) allowed one run and two hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 3.15 ERA in five starts against Tampa Bay this season . Hellickson ( 11 - 9 ) gave up five runs , four hits and a walk in 2 2/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . Andrus hit a two - run homer in the third and Kinsler added a two - run single in the third to give the Rangers a 5 - 0 lead . Kinsler 's two - run single in the third gave the Rangers a 3 - 0 lead . Andrus ' sacrifice fly in the fifth made it 6 - 1 . Jose Lobaton hit a solo homer in the third and Andrus added a sacrifice fly in the fifth . Leonys Martin had three hits , including a solo homer off Cesar Ramos in the ninth . Andrus hit a two - run homer in the third and Andrus added a sacrifice fly in the fifth to make it 6 - 1 . Andrus ' sacrifice fly in the fifth made it 6 - 1 . Andrus ' sacrifice fly in the fifth gave the Rangers a 6 - 1 lead . Andrus ' sacrifice fly in the fifth gave the Rangers a 6 - 1 lead . Andrus had a sacrifice fly in the fifth .
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals have n't been able to find a way to find a way to win a game in a week . The Nationals ' 6 - 5 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night was the first of three consecutive losses to open the season for the Nationals , who have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Atlanta 's Dan Haren allowed one run and three hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out four . Washington 's Mike Minor allowed three hits and three runs in six innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Nationals scored three runs in the first inning to take a 3 - 0 lead . Jayson Werth 's RBI double and Bryce Harper 's run - scoring groundout made it 1 - 0 . Washington made it 3 - 0 in the second . Chris Johnson led off with a walk , stole second and advanced to third on a throwing error by catcher Andrelton Simmons . Johnson scored on a wild pitch , and Jayson Werth 's RBI double made it 3 - 0 . Haren allowed one run and three hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out four . Gattis hit a two - run homer off Ian Krol ( 2 - 1 ) in the eighth to give the Braves a 4 - 3 lead . Ian Desmond 's error in the bottom of the inning allowed LaRoche to score from third . Freeman 's sacrifice fly in the ninth made it 6 - 4 . Ian Krol ( 2 - 1 ) got the final out in the ninth for the win . Kimbrel ( 3 - 3 ) took the loss .
NEW YORK -- Travis d'Arnaud hit a game - winning single with two outs in the 12th inning , lifting the New York Mets to a 1 - 0 victory over the Miami Marlins on Tuesday night . Lucas Duda drew a one - out walk in the 12th against Zach Phillips ( 0 - 1 ) , advanced on a wild pitch and scored on Travis d'Arnaud 's single to center . Travis d'Arnaud lined a single up the middle to score Lucas Duda from second base . Vic Black ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 12th inning for the win . New York has won six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Marlins have lost six of seven . Miami has lost six of seven . The Marlins have lost six of seven . Miami has lost six of seven . The Marlins have lost six of seven . Miami has lost six of seven . The Marlins have lost six of seven . Miami has lost six of seven . The Marlins have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their past seven games . They 've lost six of their past seven games . They 've lost six of their past seven games . They 've lost six of their past seven games . They 've lost six of their past seven games . They 've lost six of their past seven games . They have lost six of seven .
WASHINGTON -- Cole Hamels pitched six solid innings , and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Washington Nationals 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Carlos Ruiz hit a three - run double , Denard Span had three hits and scored twice , and Bryce Harper had two hits and drove in a run for the Phillies . Hamels ( 8 - 13 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in six - plus innings . He struck out five and walked three . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his 27th save in 29 chances . Gio Gonzalez ( 10 - 7 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . John Mayberry Jr. hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Hamels ( 8 - 13 ) allowed four runs , three earned , and eight hits in six - plus innings . He struck out five and walked three . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Ruiz 's two - out double . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Ruiz 's two - out double . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Ruiz 's two - out double . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Chase Utley walked , stole second , went to third on a wild pitch and scored on a sacrifice fly by Ruiz . Philadelphia took a 4 - 1 lead in the fifth on Ruiz 's three - run double . It was Ruiz 's first extra - base hit of the season . The Phillies scored a run in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Cesar Hernandez .
CHICAGO -- Nick Swisher and Ryan Raburn hit back - to - back home runs in the first inning , and the Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago White Sox 14 - 3 on Tuesday night . Swisher hit a solo homer in the first inning and added a two - run single in the fifth to give the Indians a 14 - 2 lead . Raburn had three hits , including a three - run homer off John Danks ( 4 - 13 ) in the first inning and a two - run single in the fifth that made it 14 - 2 . Raburn had a two - run single in the fifth and a two - run single in the fifth to make it 14 - 2 . Swisher also doubled and scored in the second , and Raburn added a two - run single in the fifth to give the Indians a 14 - 2 lead . Corey Kluber ( 9 - 5 ) allowed two runs and six hits in five innings to win for the first time in four starts . The right - hander struck out two and walked one . The White Sox have lost four of five . Danks ( 4 - 13 ) allowed seven runs and nine hits in four - plus innings . He struck out one , walked three and hit a batter . Asdrubal Cabrera and Paul Konerko hit solo homers for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Chicago 's Dylan Axelrod allowed four hits and struck out three in five scoreless innings . The White Sox took a 4 - 0 lead in the first inning on a sacrifice fly by Jason Kipnis and a run - scoring single by Alejandro De Aza . The White Sox made it 6 - 1 in the second on a run - scoring single by Swisher and a run - scoring single by Carlos Santana . Raburn 's two - run single made it 7 - 2 in the fifth , and Swisher added a two - run single in the fifth to give the Indians a 14 - 2 lead .
NEW YORK -- Washington Nationals manager Davey Johnson was n't surprised to see Dan Haren pitch the ninth inning . Washington Nationals manager Davey Johnson said he did n't know what to do . Haren pitched six sharp innings , Anthony Rendon hit a two - run double and the Nationals beat the New York Mets 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Haren ( 9 - 13 ) allowed one hit in six innings , striking out eight and walking one . Rafael Soriano worked the ninth for his major league - leading 41st save in 37 chances . The Mets have lost six of seven . Zack Wheeler ( 7 - 5 ) allowed one run and eight hits in seven innings for the Mets . He struck out six and walked one . Ryan Zimmerman homered for the Mets , who have lost five of six . Zimmerman homered in the sixth off Zack Wheeler ( 7 - 5 ) , who gave up a two - run double to Anthony Rendon in the eighth . Anthony Rendon hit a two - out , two - run double in the eighth to make it 3 - 0 . Anthony Rendon hit a two - run double off Vic Black in the eighth to make it 3 - 0 . Haren ( 9 - 13 ) gave up one hit in six innings , striking out eight and walking one . The right - hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts , including a no - decision against the Mets on July 26 . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . New York has lost six of seven .
ST. LOUIS -- The St. Louis Cardinals are on a roll . Matt Holliday hit a two - run homer , Shelby Miller pitched five - hit ball into the seventh inning and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Milwaukee Brewers 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Miller ( 13 - 9 ) allowed five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last four starts . The Cardinals have won five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . St. Louis starter Wily Peralta ( 9 - 15 ) gave up three runs and two hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked four . The Cardinals have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven .
PHILADELPHIA -- Freddy Galvis had a tough night at the plate . Galvis homered with one out in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the Philadelphia Phillies to a 6 - 5 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . Galvis hit a solo homer in the ninth off Freddy Garcia ( 3 - 6 ) to tie it at 5 . Andrelton Simmons hit a two - run homer off Jonathan Papelbon ( 5 - 1 ) in the ninth to give the Braves a 5 - 3 lead . Freddy Galvis had a career - high four hits and drove in two runs for the Braves . Carlos Ruiz drove in three runs and Freddie Freeman had two hits and two RBIs for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Atlanta starter Alex Wood gave up four runs and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings . Alex Wood gave up four runs and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings . Kendrick allowed three runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked three . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run single by Freeman and a two - run single by Ruiz . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on Ruiz 's two - out , two - run single . Ruiz 's two - out , two - run single in the third made it 3 - 2 . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run single by Kevin Frandsen and a two - run single by Freeman . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run single by Ruiz .
MINNEAPOLIS -- R. A. Dickey 's knuckleball was n't a problem for the Toronto Blue Jays . Dickey pitched into the seventh inning , Chris Colabello hit a two - run homer and the Blue Jays beat the Minnesota Twins 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 12 - 12 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out four and walked one . The Blue Jays have won 10 of their last 13 games against the Twins , who have the worst record in the majors . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Mike Pelfrey ( 5 - 11 ) allowed six runs -- five earned -- and six hits in six innings for the Twins . He struck out seven and walked two . The Blue Jays jumped on Pelfrey in the first inning . Jose Reyes led off with a double and scored on Brett Lawrie 's two - run single . Edwin Encarnacion hit a sacrifice fly and Moises Sierra had a two - run double for the Blue Jays , who have lost five of six . Minnesota 's Josmil Pinto homered off Casey Janssen leading off the ninth for his 28th save in 34 chances . Janssen gave up a solo homer to Josmil Pinto in the ninth , his second of the game . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jose Reyes ' RBI single and Moises Sierra 's two - out , two - run double . Toronto tied it in the second when Edwin Encarnacion hit a sacrifice fly and Moises Sierra had a two - run single . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Jose Reyes and a two - run homer by Colabello .
DENVER -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have been waiting for a long time to get back to the playoffs . Carl Crawford had three hits and drove in two runs , Ricky Nolasco pitched six solid innings and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Colorado Rockies 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Nolasco ( 12 - 9 ) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Chris Withrow got the final out in the ninth for his first save . Jhoulys Chacin ( 13 - 8 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in seven innings for the Rockies , who have lost five of six . The Rockies have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Rockies have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Rockies have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Rockies have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Rockies have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Rockies have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Rockies have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Rockies have lost six of seven . The Rockies had a chance to score in the ninth when pinch - hitter Josh Rutledge hit a solo home run off Paco Rodriguez . But the Rockies could n't hold the lead . Mark Ellis drew a one - out walk and Andre Ethier walked to load the bases . Todd Helton followed with a run - scoring groundout to make it 7 - 4 , but Culberson 's throw to first sailed into right field , allowing Ethier to score the tying run .
CHICAGO -- Jake Arrieta pitched a season - high 6 2/3 innings , and the Chicago Cubs beat the Philadelphia Phillies 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Arrieta ( 3 - 3 ) allowed one run and three hits in 6 2/3 innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out four and walked three in his first start against the Phillies this season . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last four starts . Arrieta said he did n't think he 'd be able to pitch the seventh inning . Arrieta said he did n't think he 'd be able to make a change . Arrieta ( 3 - 3 ) allowed one run and three hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Phillies have won three of their past four games . Kyle Kendrick ( 10 - 12 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in six innings for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . The Phillies have lost four of five and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven .
ST. LOUIS -- The Boston Red Sox could n't do much against Adam Wainwright . Lester struck out seven in 7 2/3 innings , Matt Holliday homered and the Red Sox beat Adam Wainwright and the St. Louis Cardinals 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Wainwright ( 0 - 2 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out 10 and walked one . Lester ( 2 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Koji Uehara got four outs for his second save . Adam Wainwright ( 0 - 2 ) allowed three runs , three earned , and eight hits in seven innings for St. Louis . He struck out 10 and walked one . David Ortiz had three hits for the Red Sox , who have lost five of six . David Ortiz had three hits for the Cardinals , who have lost three of four . David Ortiz had three hits for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . David Ortiz had three hits for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Cardinals starter Michael Wacha was scratched from the start of the series opener because of a sore right shoulder . He was scheduled to start Sunday against the Red Sox , but he was placed on the 15 - day disabled list with a strained muscle in his right side . St. Louis took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Jacoby Ellsbury and a run - scoring double by David Ortiz . Holliday tied it in the fourth with his 22nd homer , a solo shot to right .
ST. LOUIS -- The Boston Red Sox could n't do much against the St. Louis Cardinals . Jonny Gomes hit a go - ahead , three - run homer in the sixth inning , and the Red Sox beat the St. Louis Cardinals 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . David Ortiz had three hits and scored twice for the Red Sox , who have won four of five . Felix Doubront ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 2 2/3 innings of one - hit relief for his first major league win . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth for his first save . Lance Lynn ( 0 - 1 ) allowed three runs and three hits in 5 2/3 innings for St. Louis . He struck out five and walked three . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Stephen Drew , but the Cardinals tied it in the fifth on a two - out RBI single by Carlos Beltran and a two - out RBI single by Matt Carpenter . The Red Sox tied it in the sixth on a two - out , three - run homer by Gomes , his second of the year . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Ortiz and a run - scoring single by Stephen Drew . The Cardinals tied it in the fifth on a two - out RBI single by Matt Carpenter , who was 0 - for - 4 with two strikeouts . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Ortiz and a run - scoring single by Stephen Drew . Cardinals starter Clay Buchholz allowed an unearned run and three hits in four innings . He walked three and struck out two .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have been waiting for him to get back on track . Zack Greinke pitched seven strong innings , Adrian Gonzalez homered twice and the Dodgers beat the St. Louis Cardinals 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Greinke ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings , struck out four and walked one . The right - hander , who signed a $ 147 million , five - year deal with the Dodgers in December , struck out four and walked one . The Cardinals have won five of their last six games , including a three - game sweep by the St. Louis Cardinals in Los Angeles . The Cardinals have lost five of six and are 0 - 4 against the Dodgers this season . The Cardinals have lost five of six and are a season - worst five games under .500 . They 've lost six of their past eight games and have lost six of seven . Joe Kelly ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . The right - hander struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his major league career . Carl Crawford hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Gonzalez hit a solo homer off Edward Mujica in the eighth , his second of the game , and Matt Adams added an RBI single in the ninth for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . The Cardinals have won five of their last six games against the Cardinals , who have the best record in the majors at 21 - 11 . They 've lost five of their last six games , including a 2 - 1 loss to the Dodgers in the series opener . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Cardinals scored in the second on a two - out RBI single by Juan Uribe and a two - run homer by A. J. Ellis .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Max Scherzer 's first Opening Day start in more than a year helped the Detroit Tigers end a three - game losing streak . Scherzer struck out 11 in seven sharp innings , Yoenis Cespedes hit a two - run homer and the Tigers beat the Oakland Athletics 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Scherzer ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs and three hits in seven innings , walking two and striking out a season - high 11 . Joaquin Benoit struck out the side in the ninth for his first save . Bartolo Colon ( 0 - 1 ) allowed three runs and 10 hits in six innings for the A 's , who have lost three of four . The A 's have lost five of six and are 1 - 4 in their last seven games . The A 's have lost six of their last seven games and are 0 - 6 in their last 10 series . The A 's scored three runs in the first inning off Bartolo Colon ( 0 - 1 ) , who allowed three runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Cespedes hit a two - run homer off Scherzer in the seventh to cut it to 3 - 2 . It was Cespedes ' first home run in the majors this season . He also hit a two - run shot in Game 1 of the AL division series against the Los Angeles Angels in Game 5 of the ALCS . Cespedes hit a two - run homer off Scherzer in the seventh to cut it to 3 - 2 . It was the first homer allowed by Scherzer this postseason .
BALTIMORE -- Nelson Cruz and the Baltimore Orioles are enjoying their playoff push . Cruz hit a tiebreaking home run in the seventh inning , and the Orioles beat the Boston Red Sox 2 - 1 on Tuesday night to end a three - game losing streak . Nelson Cruz hit a tiebreaking homer in the seventh inning off Jon Lester , and the Orioles beat the Red Sox 2 - 1 on Tuesday night to end a three - game losing streak . The Red Sox have won three straight and five of six to move into first place in the AL East for the first time this season . The Red Sox lost for the seventh time in eight games and fell to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game road trip . Lester ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings , striking out eight and walking one . The right - hander , who signed a $ 217 million , five - year contract in the offseason , struck out eight , walked one and hit a batter . Grady Sizemore hit a leadoff homer in the fourth for the Red Sox , who have lost five of six . The Red Sox have lost seven of their past nine games . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost seven of their past nine games , including a three - game sweep at Fenway Park last week . Baltimore 's Chris Tillman allowed one run and seven hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked one . Zach Britton ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Tommy Hunter worked the ninth for his first save of the season . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning on an RBI double by David Ortiz and a run - scoring single by Mike Napoli . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Cruz doubled and scored on a single by Sizemore . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Cruz doubled and scored on a single by Sizemore .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are on their longest winning streak of the season . Zack Greinke pitched six strong innings , Juan Uribe hit a two - run single and the Dodgers beat the Minnesota Twins 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Greinke ( 5 - 0 ) allowed an unearned run and seven hits in six innings , striking out six and walking one . The right - hander has won his last three starts and has a 2.04 ERA over that span . Kenley Jansen got the final out for his 10th save . Kyle Gibson ( 3 - 2 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Twins , who have lost five of six . The Twins have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their 10 - game homestand . The Twins have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . Andre Ethier had two hits and drove in a run for the Twins , who have lost five of six . The Twins have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . The Twins have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . The Twins have lost five of six and are 1 - 11 since the All-Star break . The Twins have lost six of their last seven games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Target Field this season . The Twins have lost five of six and are 1 - 11 in their last 14 games . The Twins have lost six of their last seven games .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox had a lot of opportunities against the Tampa Bay Rays . Shane Victorino had a career - high four hits , John Lackey pitched eight strong innings and the Red Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Jackie Bradley Jr. hit a two - run double and Will Middlebrooks had a run - scoring double for the Red Sox , who have won four of five . Lackey ( 4 - 2 ) gave up two runs and six hits , striking out five and walking one . The Red Sox won for the seventh time in nine games . Koji Uehara got the final out for his sixth save in six chances . Brandon Loney led off the ninth with a single off Brandon Gomes ( 1 - 1 ) , stole second and scored on a single by Yunel Escobar . David Ortiz followed with a run - scoring single , and Ryan Hanigan had an RBI single . Lackey ( 4 - 2 ) gave up two runs and six hits in eight innings , striking out five and walking one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 3.83 ERA in his last five starts . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on a sacrifice fly by Evan Longoria . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on an RBI double by Victorino and a run - scoring double by A. J. Pierzynski . Rays starter Erik Bedard allowed one run and four hits in five - plus innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on a sacrifice fly by Evan Longoria .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Salvador Perez and the Kansas City Royals are on a roll . Perez hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs , Edwin Encarnacion added a two - run shot and the Royals beat the Toronto Blue Jays 10 - 7 on Tuesday night . Perez had a two - run double in the eighth inning and a two - run homer in the ninth . Perez hit a two - run double in the eighth to give Kansas City a 10 - 5 lead , and Perez added a two - run double in the eighth . Aaron Crow ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . Brett Cecil ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and two hits in two - thirds of an inning . The Blue Jays scored three runs in the eighth to take a 5 - 2 lead . Jose Reyes led off with a double and scored on Norichika Aoki 's single . Perez followed with a two - run double to make it 10 - 5 , and Omar Infante added a two - run single . Royals starter Dustin McGowan allowed three runs , two earned , and three hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out two . Toronto starter Jason Vargas gave up five runs and 10 hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Cabrera 's triple and a run - scoring triple by Jose Reyes . The Blue Jays tied it in the second on Cabrera 's triple and a run - scoring single by Cabrera .
CHICAGO -- Jose Abreu and the Chicago White Sox are on a roll . Abreu homered and drove in four runs , Scott Carroll pitched into the eighth inning and the White Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays 9 - 2 on Tuesday night . Abreu hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning and added a two - run single in the seventh to help the White Sox extend their winning streak to a season - high five games . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . Carroll ( 1 - 0 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and six hits in 7 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . The White Sox have lost four of five . Price ( 3 - 2 ) gave up eight runs -- six earned -- and nine hits in six - plus innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The White Sox have lost four of five . Abreu hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning and added a two - run single in the seventh off Josh Lueke . The White Sox have lost four of five . Abreu hit a two - run homer off Price in the sixth , and Alexei Ramirez added a run - scoring single in the seventh for Chicago . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five .
ST. LOUIS -- Pittsburgh Pirates manager Clint Hurdle was n't worried about his team 's 6 - 1 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . The Pirates ' 6 - 1 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals in the opener of a day - night doubleheader was the first meeting between the teams since PNC Park opened in 2001 . St. Louis , which began the day two games behind St. Louis for the second NL wild - card spot , was swept in a three - game series at St. Louis for the first time this season . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 on their nine - game road trip . Tyler Lyons ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs and four hits in six innings for St. Louis . He struck out four and walked one . The Cardinals scored three runs in the fourth to take a 4 - 0 lead . Gaby Sanchez 's two - run double and Andrew McCutchen 's RBI single made it 4 - 0 . Gaby Sanchez hit a two - run double and Matt Holliday drove in a run with a ground - rule double to make it 4 - 0 . Pimentel ( 2 - 0 ) allowed one run and two hits in 2 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Francisco Liriano pitched two scoreless innings for the Pirates . He allowed two hits , walked two and struck out two . Francisco Liriano , making his first start of the season , allowed two hits and two walks while striking out two in two scoreless innings . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Pirates this season .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Detroit Tigers have been waiting for the Detroit Tigers to get back to .500 . Nick Castellanos homered and drove in three runs , Torii Hunter had three hits and drove in two runs , and the Tigers beat the Minnesota Twins 10 - 6 on Tuesday night . Nick Castellanos also homered and drove in three runs , and Jason Kubel had three hits and drove in a run for the Tigers . Rick Porcello ( 3 - 1 ) allowed four runs and six hits in five innings for the Tigers , who have won four of five . The Twins have lost six of seven . Kevin Correia ( 0 - 3 ) gave up eight runs -- seven earned -- and eight hits in 2 1/3 innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Kevin Fien pitched a perfect eighth and Joe Nathan worked the ninth for the Tigers , who have won four of five . The Twins have lost six of seven . Castellanos hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Hunter added a two - run single in the third to give the Tigers a 9 - 1 lead . Hunter had three hits , including a two - run single in the third that gave the Tigers a 9 - 1 lead . Hunter had three hits , including a two - run single in the third that made it 9 - 1 . Castellanos hit a two - run homer in the second and Castellanos added a run - scoring single in the third to give the Tigers a 9 - 1 lead . The Tigers sent 10 batters to the plate in the third , highlighted by Hunter 's two - run single . Castellanos hit a two - run homer in the second and Hunter added a two - run single in the third to make it 9 - 1 .
DENVER -- Franklin Morales did n't allow a hit until the sixth inning , and the Colorado Rockies finally got to him . Morales allowed one run over seven innings , Troy Tulowitzki homered and the Colorado Rockies beat the San Francisco Giants 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Morales ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked two . LaTroy Hawkins got the final two outs for his sixth save in six chances . Hunter Pence hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Bumgarner ( 2 - 2 ) allowed two runs and nine hits in eight innings . He struck out six and walked one . Nolan Arenado hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Giants , who have lost five of six . The Giants have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Giants have lost six of seven . The Giants have lost six of seven . The Giants have lost six of seven . The Giants have lost six of seven . The Giants have lost six of seven . The Giants have lost six of seven . The Giants have lost six of seven . The Giants have lost six of seven . The Giants have lost six of seven . The Giants have lost four straight and seven of nine . The Giants have lost six of seven . The Giants have lost four straight and seven of nine . The Giants have lost six of their last seven games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Coors Field this season .
CLEVELAND -- The Cleveland Indians have n't been able to do much this season . Jason Kipnis hit a go - ahead homer in the fourth inning and Zach McAllister pitched six solid innings to lead the Indians to a 4 - 3 win over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . Michael Brantley hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Indians , who have won five of six . McAllister ( 3 - 0 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out two . John Axford pitched the ninth for his seventh save . Jeremy Guthrie ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in 6 1/3 innings for the Royals , who have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six and are 2 - 4 on their nine - game homestand . The Royals have lost five of six and are 2 - 4 on their nine - game homestand . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven .
MIAMI -- The Miami Marlins had a chance to take the lead in the eighth inning . Garrett Jones hit a run - scoring grounder and Adeiny Hechavarria followed with a sacrifice fly to give the Marlins a 3 - 2 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . The Marlins took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Corey Hart led off with a double and scored on Justin Smoak 's sacrifice fly . The Marlins took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Robinson Cano led off with a double and scored on a single by Donovan Solano to make it 2 - 1 . Dustin Ackley 's sacrifice fly made it 2 - 0 in the fourth . Steve Cishek pitched a scoreless ninth for his third save in four chances . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning when Corey Hart led off with a double and scored on Justin Smoak 's sacrifice fly . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Corey Hart led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Donovan Solano . The Marlins took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Robinson Cano led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Justin Smoak . The Marlins had runners on first and second with one out in the fifth , but Maurer struck out pinch - hitter Stefen Romero and Casey McGehee to end the threat . The Mariners ' Brandon Maurer allowed one run in 4 1/3 innings in his major league debut . He was recalled from Triple-A Tacoma to start in place of Felix Hernandez , who was placed on the 15 - day disabled list with right elbow inflammation .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Alberto Callaspo has been the hottest hitter in the Oakland Athletics ' lineup since the All-Star break . Callaspo 's RBI single with one out in the ninth inning gave the A 's a 4 - 3 victory over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . Callaspo 's RBI single off Chad Qualls ( 0 - 1 ) gave the A 's a 3 - 1 lead . Jed Lowrie hit a tying home run leading off the ninth against Chad Qualls ( 0 - 1 ) , and Josh Reddick followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 3 . Alberto Otero ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Yoenis Cespedes led off the ninth with a single off Chad Qualls ( 0 - 1 ) , who was called up from Triple-A Oklahoma City earlier in the day . Josh Donaldson followed with an infield single and Alberto Callaspo was intentionally walked to load the bases for Callaspo , who grounded an RBI single to center . Josh Reddick followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 3 . Qualls ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth to earn the win . Houston starter Scott Kazmir allowed three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in eight innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Houston 's Jonathan Villar hit a solo homer in the third inning for the Astros , who have lost five of six . Houston starter Brett Oberholtzer gave up one run and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Craig Gentry 's RBI double and Matt Dominguez 's RBI single .
NEW YORK -- Aaron Harang did n't have his best stuff , and the Atlanta Braves did n't need much offense . Harang threw seven shutout innings , Freddie Freeman hit a go - ahead , two - run homer and the Braves beat the New York Mets 6 - 0 on Tuesday night . Harang ( 3 - 1 ) struck out five and walked six in seven innings . The right - hander was lifted for a pinch hitter in the eighth inning after giving up a two - run homer to Freddie Freeman . The Mets , who began the day with the second - worst record in the majors , lost for only the second time in their last 10 games at Citi Field . Mets starter Jonathon Niese ( 0 - 2 ) gave up one run and four hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out seven . Freeman hit a two - run homer off Gonzalez Germen in the eighth , and Dan Uggla added a run - scoring double in the eighth for the Braves , who have won five of six . The Mets have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Mets have lost six of their last seven games . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Mets have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost five of their last six games . They 've lost six of their last seven .
BALTIMORE -- Miguel Gonzalez and the Baltimore Orioles did n't need much help . Miguel Gonzalez pitched five shutout innings , Adam Jones and Nick Markakis each had two hits and the Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Gonzalez ( 1 - 1 ) allowed three hits in five innings , striking out six and walking three . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous five starts . The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous four starts . The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous four starts . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by J. J. Hardy . In the bottom half , Jake Odorizzi ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs , five hits and three walks in five innings for Tampa Bay . The right - hander struck out four , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . Tampa Bay went up 1 - 0 in the fourth when Ryan Flaherty drew a two - out walk and scored on a single by Adam Jones . In the bottom half , Baltimore loaded the bases with one out before Odorizzi retired the next three batters . In the bottom half , Ryan Flaherty drew a two - out walk and went to third on a single by J. J. Hardy . Jones followed with a run - scoring single , and Baltimore went up 3 - 0 in the fifth . Ryan Flaherty drew a leadoff walk and scored on a single by Adam Jones to make it 3 - 0 . Jones singled in a run in the fifth .
HOUSTON -- The Kansas City Royals are on their longest winning streak of the season . Mike Moustakas homered in the 11th inning and Omar Infante added an RBI single in the 11th to lift the Royals to a 6 - 4 victory over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . Danny Duffy ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win . Greg Holland pitched the 11th for his fifth save . Jerome Williams ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and four hits in two - plus innings for the Astros , who have lost five of six . Danny Valencia and Marc Krauss hit two - run homers for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Houston starter Dallas Keuchel allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Houston starter Jeremy Guthrie gave up four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . Houston 's Jason Castro hit a two - run homer in the third inning to give Houston a 2 - 1 lead . The Royals tied it in the fourth on a run - scoring double by Duffy and a run - scoring groundout by Norichika Aoki . Perez 's two - run single in the seventh tied the score at 4 - all . The Royals tied it in the seventh on a two - run homer by Moustakas , his first of the season . The Royals tied it in the seventh on a two - run single by Omar Infante . The Royals tied it in the bottom half on Perez 's two - run single . The Royals tied it at 4 in the seventh on a two - run homer by Krauss .
MILWAUKEE -- The St. Louis Cardinals have n't been able to find a way to get back to the playoffs . Shelby Miller pitched six strong innings , Jhonny Peralta hit a two - run homer and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Milwaukee Brewers 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Miller ( 1 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings , striking out seven and walking three . The right - hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts . The Cardinals have won five of their last six games , and the Brewers have lost six of seven . Marco Estrada ( 1 - 1 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . Aramis Ramirez hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Brewers , who have lost five of six . Holliday homered off Jim Henderson leading off the ninth . It was his first home run since July 29 , 2011 , at St. Louis . The Cardinals have won four straight and seven of eight . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost four of five . Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Allen Craig and a sacrifice fly by Mark Reynolds . The Brewers made it 3 - 0 in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Allen Craig and a run - scoring groundout by Ryan Braun . Milwaukee added a run in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Allen Craig and a two - run homer by Matt Holliday . Milwaukee added a run in the ninth on Peralta 's homer , but the Brewers could n't score .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Mike Trout and the Oakland Athletics have been waiting for a long time to get back in the lineup . Trout hit a tying two - run homer in the ninth inning , and the A 's rallied for a 10 - 9 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Kole Calhoun led off the 11th with a single off Yoslan Herrera ( 0 - 1 ) , and Trout followed with a two - run homer to left - center . Jim Johnson ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Sean Doolittle blew a save for the third time in four chances , giving up a two - run single to Josh Donaldson and a two - run single to Derek Norris that tied it at 9 in the 11th . Jed Lowrie had three hits and scored twice for the A 's , who have won five of six . The A 's trailed 6 - 3 in the seventh before rallying for a 9 - 6 lead . Trout hit a two - run homer off Joe Smith in the ninth to give the Angels a 9 - 9 lead . It was the first game - ending homer of the season for Trout , who had three hits , including a two - run homer in the ninth that gave the Angels a 9 - 8 lead . The A 's tied it in the eighth on a two - run single by David Freese and a two - run single by Josh Donaldson , but the Angels tied it in the bottom half on a two - run single by Derek Norris and a two - run single by Alberto Callaspo . Oakland tied it in the bottom half on an RBI double by Brandon Moss and a run - scoring single by John Jaso . The A 's tied it in the eighth on an RBI double by Alberto Callaspo and a two - run single by Derek Norris . The A 's tied it in the eighth on a two - run single by Josh Donaldson and a two - run single by Derek Norris . The A 's tied it in the eighth on a two - run single by David Freese and a two - run single by Derek Norris .
MILWAUKEE -- The St. Louis Cardinals have been in first place in the NL Central . Lynn struck out a career - high 11 in seven innings , Jon Jay hit a three - run homer and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Milwaukee Brewers 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Lynn ( 3 - 0 ) allowed three hits , walked three and struck out a season - high 11 in seven innings . He struck out a season - high 11 , walked three and hit a batter . Jhonny Peralta hit a solo homer in the second inning off Matt Garza ( 0 - 2 ) , who allowed four runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . Jon Jay hit a three - run homer in the sixth inning for the Brewers , who have lost three of four . Milwaukee has lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost five of six and are 1 - 4 on their current 10 - game road trip . St. Louis has lost four of five . The Brewers have lost five of six and are 1 - 4 on their current 10 - game road trip . The Brewers have lost three straight and seven of nine . Milwaukee has lost four of five . The Brewers have lost five of six and are 1 - 4 on their nine - game road trip . The Brewers have been shut out four times this season , including four in a row . St. Louis went ahead 1 - 0 in the second when Matt Adams singled , stole second and scored on Jay 's double - play grounder . St. Louis went ahead 1 - 0 in the second on a two - out , three - run homer by Peralta .
BALTIMORE -- Wei-Yin Chen and the Baltimore Orioles finally found a way to beat the Tampa Bay Rays . Chen pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Matt Wieters had three hits and an RBI and the Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Chen ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and five hits in 6 1 - 3 innings , striking out four and walking two . The right - hander was 0 - 3 in his previous four starts , but the right - hander did n't allow a runner past first base until the sixth inning . The right - hander struck out four , walked two and threw a season - high 99 pitches . In his previous start , he gave up six runs in 2 1/3 innings of a 10 - 1 loss to the New York Yankees . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous six starts . The Orioles have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 against the Orioles this season . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 against the Orioles this season . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Tampa Bay went up 1 - 0 in the first inning on a run - scoring double by Nelson Cruz and a run - scoring single by Matt Wieters . In the second , Flaherty hit an RBI single and scored on a two - out single by Hardy . In the bottom half , Flaherty hit an RBI single and scored on a single by Hardy .
MILWAUKEE -- Kyle Lohse did n't need much run support . Lohse took a no - hitter into the ninth inning and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Lohse ( 2 - 1 ) struck out nine and walked none in his longest outing of the season . He allowed four hits , walked none and struck out nine . Will Smith got the final out for his first save of the season . Charlie Morton ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and six hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked three . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Carlos Gomez hit a sacrifice fly and Andrew McCutchen followed with a sacrifice fly . Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Aramis Ramirez and a sacrifice fly by Andrew McCutchen . Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Ryan Braun and a sacrifice fly by Andrew McCutchen . Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on an RBI sacrifice fly by Andrew McCutchen , but the Pirates could n't hold the lead . Lyle Overbay led off the inning with a double and scored on Andrew McCutchen 's sacrifice fly . Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a bases - loaded sacrifice fly by Andrew McCutchen , but the Brewers could n't get the ball out of the infield . The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Will Smith struck out Pedro Alvarez to end it .
ATLANTA -- Freddie Freeman and the Atlanta Braves did n't need much offense . Freeman hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs , Aaron Harang pitched six strong innings and the Atlanta Braves beat the Washington Nationals 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Justin Upton hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Freddie Freeman added a two - run shot off Gio Gonzalez ( 2 - 1 ) , who gave up six runs -- six earned -- and nine hits in six innings . Harang ( 2 - 1 ) gave up one run and five hits , striking out five and walking one . The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 0.96 ERA in his last four starts . The Braves , who have lost four of five , have lost five of six . Gonzalez ( 2 - 1 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out six . The Braves have lost four of five . Freeman hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the second . Freeman hit a two - run homer in the second and a two - run shot in the eighth off Gus Schlosser . Adam LaRoche added a solo homer off Ross Detwiler in the ninth . Simmons had a three - run shot off Gus Schlosser in the eighth . It was Simmons ' third homer of the season and second in two games . The Braves have homered in the first two games of the three - game series . The Nationals scored three runs in the first inning off Gio Gonzalez ( 2 - 1 ) . Jason Heyward had an RBI double and Jose Lobaton drove in a run with a groundout . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Kevin Frandsen led off with a double and scored on Gonzalez 's wild pitch . The Braves added a run in the fifth on Jose Lobaton 's RBI groundout .
BALTIMORE -- The Toronto Blue Jays have been waiting for Dustin McGowan to pitch in the majors for the first time this season . McGowan took a shutout into the seventh inning , and the Blue Jays beat the Baltimore Orioles 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . McGowan ( 1 - 1 ) allowed five hits , walked one and struck out two in 6 1 - 3 innings . Sergio Santos pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save . Chris Tillman ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs and three hits in eight innings for the Orioles , who have lost five of six . The Blue Jays have lost five of six and are 2 - 8 against the Blue Jays this season . Baltimore has lost four of five . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . Baltimore went 0 - for - 7 with runners in scoring position and stranded 11 . The Blue Jays had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Sergio Britton struck out Chris Davis to end the threat . The Orioles had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth before Sergio Santos came on to strike out pinch - hitter Steve Pearce and Nick Markakis to end the game for his fourth save . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Adam Lind hit a two - out double and scored on a fielder 's choice by Dioner Navarro . In the bottom half , Toronto loaded the bases with one out , but McGowan got Adam Jones to hit into a 1 - 2 - 3 double play . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth , but McGowan struck out Ryan Goins and got Nelson Cruz on a grounder .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Paul Goldschmidt hit a three - run homer in the first inning off Tim Lincecum , and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the San Francisco Giants 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Buster Posey and Gerardo Parra also homered for the Diamondbacks , who have won five of six . Lincecum ( 0 - 1 ) was tagged for seven runs and seven hits in four innings . He struck out five and walked one . Goldschmidt hit a three - run homer in the first inning and Parra added a two - run shot in the fourth to give the Diamondbacks a 7 - 2 lead . Arroyo ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked one . Arizona 's Josh Collmenter gave up three hits in four scoreless innings , striking out four and walking one . The Arizona right - hander struck out two and walked one in his first career start against the Giants , who have won five of six . The Giants have won five of their last six games against the Giants at AT & T Park . Michael Morse hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot in the second inning , but the Giants could n't hold the lead . Posey hit a solo homer in the fifth to make it 7 - 3 . It was the first home run allowed by Lincecum this season . Parra also doubled and scored on Eric Chavez 's triple in the third . Eric Chavez tripled in a run in the third for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Lincecum was tagged for seven runs and seven hits in four innings . He struck out five and walked one .
LOS ANGELES -- Joe Nathan ( 2 - 0 ) gave up three runs in the bottom of the ninth inning to help the Detroit Tigers to a 7 - 6 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Tuesday night . Adrian Gonzalez led off the bottom of the ninth with a homer off Joe Nathan ( 2 - 0 ) , and Dee Gordon followed with a run - scoring single off Joe Nathan ( 2 - 0 ) . Scott Van Slyke drove in the tying run with a fielder 's choice grounder , and Al Alburquerque came on to get the final out for his first save of the season . Nick Castellanos hit a three - run homer in the third inning , and Victor Martinez added a solo shot in the ninth off Joe Nathan ( 2 - 0 ) to give the Dodgers a 4 - 3 lead . The Dodgers scored three runs in the ninth off Joe Nathan ( 2 - 0 ) , who gave up three runs and three hits in one inning . The Dodgers tied it in the ninth against Joe Nathan ( 2 - 0 ) , who gave up three runs and three hits in one inning . Nathan ( 0 - 1 ) was charged with the loss , giving up a run and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . J. P. Howell got the final out in the eighth and Brandon League pitched the ninth for the Tigers , who have won four of five . The Dodgers scored three runs in the first inning off Anibal Sanchez , who allowed three runs -- one earned -- and six hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked one . Dodgers starter Josh Beckett gave up five runs -- four earned -- and five hits in four innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Dodgers tied the game 3 - 2 in the second on a sacrifice fly by Austin Jackson and a run - scoring single by Juan Uribe . The Tigers tied it in the bottom half on Martinez 's sacrifice fly .
CLEVELAND -- David Murphy and Jedd Gyorko combined to go 2 - for - 3 with four RBIs , and the Cleveland Indians beat the San Diego Padres 8 - 6 on Tuesday night . Murphy hit a three - run homer off Tyson Ross ( 0 - 2 ) in the fourth inning to give the Indians a 6 - 2 lead . Murphy 's three - run homer in the fourth gave the Indians a 6 - 2 lead . Gyorko 's two - run double in the fourth gave the Indians a 6 - 2 lead , and Murphy 's three - run homer in the fourth gave the Indians a 6 - 2 lead . Murphy 's three - run homer in the fourth gave the Indians a 6 - 2 lead . Gyorko 's two - run double in the fourth gave the Indians a 6 - 2 lead , and Murphy 's three - run homer in the fourth gave the Indians a 6 - 2 lead . Ross ( 0 - 2 ) allowed seven runs -- two earned -- and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out two and walked five . Kluber ( 1 - 1 ) allowed three runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter . John Axford got the final out for his third save in as many chances . Xavier Nady homered and Yasmani Grandal had four hits for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Padres manager Bud Black was ejected in the ninth inning for arguing a called third strike . The Padres had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth , but John Stauffer came on to strike out pinch - hitter Mike Aviles and Carlos Santana to end the inning . The Indians added three runs in the ninth off closer Vinnie Pestano to make it 8 - 6 . Yonder Alonso led off with a double and scored on Grandal 's two - out single to make it 8 - 3 . Pestano struck out Carlos Santana to end the inning .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Yu Darvish looked like a Cy Young Award winner . Darvish pitched seven shutout innings , Elvis Andrus hit a two - run homer and the Texas Rangers beat the Tampa Bay Rays 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Darvish ( 1 - 0 ) allowed seven hits , struck out six and walked one . The right - hander was coming off a two - hit shutout against Tampa Bay in his first start of the season . The right - hander struck out six and walked one . Joakim Soria worked a perfect ninth for his first save . The Rangers have won four of five . Peralta ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs , two earned , and two hits in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.23 ERA in his last five starts . Andrus put the Rangers up 2 - 0 in the eighth with a two - run homer off Neal Cotts . Donnie Murphy added a run - scoring single in the ninth off Josh Lueke . Cobb allowed three hits , struck out six and walked one in seven innings . The right - hander struck out six , walked one and hit a batter . Tampa Bay 's Alex Cobb pitched three - hit ball over seven innings in his first start of the season . The right - hander struck out six , walked one and hit a batter . Tampa Bay 's Prince Fielder went 0 - for - 4 , ending his career - best hitting streak at 20 games -- longest in the majors this season . The Rays have scored just four runs in their last three games .
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting for the Atlanta Braves to get back to .500 . Luis Avilan ( 1 - 0 ) got the last out of the eighth inning to earn his first major league win , and Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth for his third save in as many nights , leading the Braves to a 2 - 1 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . Evan Gattis and Chris Johnson hit back - to - back sacrifice flies off Tyler Clippard ( 0 - 1 ) in the eighth to give the Braves a 2 - 1 lead . Luis Avilan ( 1 - 0 ) got the last out of the seventh for his first major league win . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth for his third save . Atlanta 's Jordan Zimmermann allowed one run and four hits in five innings , striking out nine and walking one . Jordan Walden got the final two outs in the eighth , and Craig Stammen worked the eighth and Craig Kimbrel worked a perfect ninth for his third save . Atlanta 's Jordan Zimmermann allowed one run and four hits in five innings . He struck out nine and walked one . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Anthony Rendon led off with a double and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's sacrifice fly . The Nationals tied it in the sixth . Jason Heyward drew a leadoff walk , stole second and scored on a sacrifice fly by Chris Johnson . Washington took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth when Gattis led off with his first homer of the season , a drive into the right - field seats .
DENVER -- Charlie Blackmon had a career - high six hits and drove in five runs to help the Colorado Rockies beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 12 - 2 on Tuesday night . Blackmon had a career - high six hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth and a two - run double in the eighth . He also had a two - run double in the eighth . The Rockies have won five of their last six games . Blackmon had a career - high six hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth , and a two - run double in the eighth . He also had a two - run double in the eighth . Nicasio ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Rockies have won five of their last six games . The Diamondbacks have won six of their last seven games . Gonzalez hit a two - run triple off Randall Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) in the third and added a two - run homer in the sixth to make it 8 - 1 . Blackmon had a two - run double in the eighth and a two - run double in the eighth . It was the first time the Rockies had scored at least 10 runs in a game this season . Gonzalez hit a two - run triple off Randall Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) in the third and added a two - run homer in the sixth to give the Rockies a 6 - 0 lead . Gonzalez added a two - run homer in the sixth , and Blackmon added a two - run double in the eighth .
PITTSBURGH -- Jason Hammel and the Chicago Cubs are on a roll . Hammel pitched two - hit ball into the seventh inning , Tony Sanchez hit a two - run single and the Chicago Cubs beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hammel ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and two hits in 6 2/3 innings , striking out five and walking one . The right - hander was 0 - 2 with a < unk > ERA in three starts against the Pirates last season . The Cubs have won five of their last six games , and the Cubs have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have lost six of seven . Wandy Rodriguez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings , striking out five and walking one . The Pirates have lost six of their past seven games and are 1 - 4 in their last seven series . The Pirates have lost six of their last seven games . Olt 's homer in the second inning gave the Cubs a 2 - 0 lead . It was Olt 's second home run of the season . The Pirates had runners on first and second with no outs in the third , but Hammel got Justin Ruggiano to ground into a 3 - 2 - 3 double play . Olt led off the second inning with his first home run of the season , a 2 - 0 pitch from Rodriguez over the left - field wall . It was Olt 's first home run of the season . It was the first home run allowed by Rodriguez in five starts this season . Edinson Volquez pitched two scoreless innings of relief for the Cubs .
HOUSTON -- Scott Feldman did n't have his best stuff , and the Houston Astros did n't need much offense . Feldman pitched two - hit ball into the seventh inning , Jesus Guzman hit a two - run homer and the Astros beat CC Sabathia and the New York Yankees 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Feldman ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two hits , walked two and struck out three in 6 2/3 innings . Sabathia ( 0 - 1 ) allowed eight hits and six runs in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Yankees have lost five of their last six games and are 0 - 4 against the Astros this season . Yankees manager Joe Girardi was impressed with Feldman 's performance . Jose Altuve had two hits and drove in two runs for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Hoes hit a solo homer in the second inning and Jesus Guzman hit a two - run homer in the first for New York , which has lost four of five . The Yankees have lost five of their last six games and are 0 - 4 against the Astros this season . Yankees manager Joe Girardi was impressed with Feldman 's performance . Yankees manager Joe Girardi was impressed with Feldman 's performance . Feldman ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two hits and struck out three in 6 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . Dellin Betances , Matt Albers and Chad Qualls each threw a scoreless inning before Vidal Nuno struck out the side in the eighth . Vidal Nuno struck out the side in the eighth , and Vidal Nuno struck out the side in the eighth .
PHILADELPHIA -- Ryan Howard 's first career grand slam with two outs in the ninth inning lifted the Philadelphia Phillies to a 6 - 3 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Ryan Howard hit a grand slam with two outs in the ninth off Boone Logan , who blew a save for the third time this season . Ryan Howard hit a grand slam with two outs in the ninth off Jonathan Papelbon ( 1 - 1 ) , who pitched a perfect ninth to earn his 13th save . LaTroy Hawkins ( 2 - 1 ) retired the first two batters in the ninth before giving up a single to Chase Utley . Chase Utley followed with an RBI single and Ben Revere reached on an infield single . Boone Logan came on to face Howard , who ripped a 1 - 2 pitch into the seats in right field to give the Phillies a 6 - 3 lead . It was the second game - ending homer of the season for Howard , who had been 0 - for - 8 in his previous four games . The Phillies trailed 2 - 1 when Justin Morneau led off the bottom of the third with a homer to right - center . It was the first homer for Morneau , who hit a two - run shot in the second inning to give the Rockies a 1 - 0 lead . Colorado tied it in the third on Wilin Rosario 's RBI double . The Rockies tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Marlon Byrd . Colorado tied it at 2 in the fifth on a two - out RBI single by Corey Dickerson . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on Wilin Rosario 's RBI double . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on Marlon Byrd 's RBI single . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on Howard 's RBI single .
MILWAUKEE -- Nelson Cruz and the rest of the Milwaukee Brewers have been waiting for Nelson Cruz . Cruz homered twice and drove in two runs , Yovani Gallardo pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Brewers beat the Baltimore Orioles 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Cruz hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the sixth to give the Brewers a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Cruz , who hit a two - run shot off Bud Norris ( 3 - 5 ) in the second inning to give the Brewers a 3 - 1 lead . Gallardo ( 3 - 3 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 6 2 - 3 innings . He walked five and struck out five . The right - hander has allowed three earned runs or less in each of his last four starts . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Ryan Braun 's two - out , two - run double , and Cruz 's solo homer in the sixth gave the Brewers a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Cruz , who hit a two - run shot in the eighth to give the Brewers a 5 - 3 win over the Orioles on Tuesday night . The Brewers took a 3 - 1 lead in the second on a two - run double by Manny Machado and a two - run homer by Khris Davis . Cruz 's solo shot in the sixth made it 4 - 2 , but the Brewers answered with three runs in the bottom half . Nick Markakis led off with a double and scored on Rickie Weeks ' pinch - hit single . Rickie Weeks followed with a pinch - hit RBI single to make it 4 - 3 . Rickie Weeks followed with a pinch - hit RBI single to make it 4 - 3 , and Davis added a three - run homer off Brian Matusz to make it 8 - 3 .
ATLANTA -- The Boston Red Sox had a chance to take the lead in the seventh inning . Jason Heyward hit a leadoff homer in the first inning and the Red Sox rallied for a 6 - 3 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . Lester ( 5 - 6 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth for his 11th save in 12 chances . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Chris Johnson . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Dustin Pedroia . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom half on David Ross ' two - out RBI single . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Chris Johnson 's sacrifice fly . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Chris Johnson 's sacrifice fly . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Chris Johnson 's sacrifice fly . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Chris Johnson 's sacrifice fly . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Chris Johnson 's sacrifice fly . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Chris Johnson . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Chris Johnson . Boston starter Aaron Harang struck out seven in six innings , allowing two runs and seven hits with one walk and seven strikeouts . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Chris Johnson .
NEW YORK -- Starling Marte and the rest of the New York Mets ' lineup did n't help . Starling Marte hit a go - ahead two - run single in the sixth inning , Juan Lagares had a pair of RBI singles and the Mets beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Starling Marte had a two - run single and Daniel Murphy added an RBI double for the Mets , who have won four of five . Jenrry Mejia ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for his first major league win . Jeanmar Gomez ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up two runs -- two earned -- and two hits in one - third of an inning . Jeanmar Gomez ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss . Pirates starter Jonathon Niese gave up two runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out two . New York took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out RBI double by Lagares and a two - out RBI single by Bobby Abreu . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on a two - out , two - run single by Lagares and a two - out , two - run single by Starling Marte . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on a two - out RBI double by Lagares and a run - scoring single by Bobby Abreu , who was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second on a two - out single by McCutchen . Pirates starter Edinson Volquez allowed two runs and four hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out six .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants are on their longest winning streak of the season . Tim Hudson pitched seven innings of six - hit ball , Buster Posey drove in two runs and the San Francisco Giants beat the Chicago Cubs 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Hudson ( 5 - 2 ) allowed six hits , struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last five starts . The Giants have won four straight and seven of nine . Arrieta ( 1 - 1 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Cubs have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Cubs have lost seven of their last eight games . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Cubs have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . Michael Morse had two hits and drove in a run for the Cubs , who have lost five of six . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Cubs have lost five of six and are 2 - 7 since the All-Star break . The Cubs have lost five of six and are 2 - 4 on their nine - game homestand . The Cubs have lost six of seven .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are on their longest winning streak of the season . Andre Ethier hit a solo homer and drove in four runs , Zack Greinke struck out a season - high 11 and the Dodgers beat the Cincinnati Reds 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Greinke ( 8 - 1 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in 7 2/3 innings , struck out a season - high 11 and walked none . The right - hander has allowed three runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . Kenley Jansen struck out two in a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 18 chances . Andre Ethier hit a solo homer and drove in four runs , and Devin Mesoraco hit a two - run homer off Alfredo Simon ( 6 - 3 ) in the eighth for the Reds , who have lost four of five . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game West Coast trip . The Reds have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game West Coast trip . The Reds have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Reds have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game West Coast trip . The Reds have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . The Reds have lost six of seven .
SEATTLE -- Albert Pujols hit a solo homer in the seventh inning and the Seattle Mariners held on to beat the Los Angeles Angels 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Chris Young ( 4 - 2 ) allowed one run and two hits in 6 1/3 innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out five and walked three . Albert Pujols homered and Robinson Cano had three hits and drove in two runs for the Mariners . Tyler Skaggs ( 4 - 2 ) allowed five runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Cano had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the second inning and a two - out RBI single in the second . Cano had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the second inning . He had an RBI single in the second and a two - out RBI single in the second . Cano had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the second inning . He had an RBI single in the second and a two - out RBI single in the second . Cano had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the second inning . He had an RBI single in the second and a two - out RBI single in the second . Pujols homered off Young in the seventh . Pujols homered off Young in the seventh . It was the first homer allowed by Young , who allowed seven hits and five runs in seven innings . He struck out eight , walked two and threw two wild pitches . Seattle 's Mike Trout went 1 - for - 4 with a strikeout .
PITTSBURGH -- Ian Desmond and Pittsburgh 's Stephen Strasburg did n't need much help . Ian Desmond homered for the second straight game and Josh Harrison drove in the go - ahead run in the seventh inning , leading the Pirates to a 3 - 2 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . Strasburg ( 3 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Desmond homered in the fourth for the Pirates , who have lost three of four . Desmond hit a solo homer in the fourth and Wilson Ramos added an RBI single in the fifth to give the Pirates a 2 - 1 lead . Jared Hughes ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a perfect seventh inning for the win . Mark Melancon pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . The Nationals have won four of five . Pittsburgh has won four of five . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of their past seven games .
TORONTO -- R. A. Dickey 's knuckleball was working for him . Dickey took a shutout into the ninth inning , Yoenis Cespedes hit a solo homer and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Oakland Athletics 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 5 - 4 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 8 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out four . Brett Lawrie hit a solo homer and Melky Cabrera drove in two runs for the Blue Jays , who have won four of five . Brett Cecil got the final two outs for his third save . Jesse Chavez ( 4 - 2 ) allowed four runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out four . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Jose Reyes led off with a double and scored on Cabrera 's infield single . Toronto tied it in the bottom half when Cabrera hit a two - out , two - run single to right . Toronto tied it in the bottom half when Cabrera hit a two - out RBI single . Toronto added a run in the seventh when Adam Lind singled , stole second and scored on a sacrifice fly by Jed Lowrie . Toronto 's Brandon Bautista went 0 - for - 4 and is hitless in his past 16 at - bats . The A 's scored their only run in the seventh when Gose led off with a single , stole third and scored on a sacrifice fly by Jed Lowrie . Oakland cut it to 5 - 2 in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Jed Lowrie , but the Blue Jays tacked on two more in the ninth .
MIAMI -- The Milwaukee Brewers ' Marco Estrada did n't need much help . Mark Reynolds homered twice and drove in four runs , Carlos Gomez had a career - high four hits and the Brewers beat the Miami Marlins 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Estrada ( 4 - 2 ) allowed five runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Giancarlo Stanton hit two home runs for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Tom Koehler ( 4 - 4 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in five innings for the Marlins , who have lost five of six . The Brewers ' Khris Davis homered in the fifth , and Jones had a run - scoring double in the seventh . Stanton hit his second homer of the game , a solo shot in the seventh , to make it 9 - 4 . Jones hit a two - out RBI double in the seventh to make it 9 - 5 . Jones hit a two - out RBI double in the seventh off Brandon Kintzler to make it 9 - 5 . Jones hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a run - scoring double in the seventh . Jones hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a run - scoring double in the seventh . Jones hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a run - scoring double in the seventh . Jones hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a run - scoring double in the seventh . Jones hit a two - out RBI double in the seventh to make it 9 - 5 .
PITTSBURGH -- Edinson Volquez has been a big part of the Pittsburgh Pirates ' recent success . Volquez pitched six strong innings , Ian Desmond homered and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Washington Nationals 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Volquez ( 2 - 4 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings , walking two and striking out four . The right - hander has allowed one earned run in 14 innings over his last three starts . Mark Melancon pitched the ninth for his eighth save . Josh Harrison had two hits and drove in a run for the Pirates , who have won three of their last four . Pittsburgh has won four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Blake Treinen ( 0 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Nationals . He walked five and struck out four . The Pirates took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth when Josh Harrison hit an RBI double and scored on a two - out single by McCutchen . The Pirates added a run in the eighth when Chris Stewart doubled and scored on a two - out single by Josh Harrison . Pittsburgh 's Ian Desmond homered leading off the fourth to tie the game at 1 . It was his 19th of the season and second in two games . The Pirates took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth when Neil Walker drew a two - out walk and McCutchen followed with a run - scoring single . Volquez allowed one run and three hits in six innings , walking two and striking out four .
DENVER -- Hunter Pence and Brandon Crawford hit back - to - back home runs in the seventh inning , and the San Francisco Giants beat the Colorado Rockies 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Hunter Pence hit a solo homer in the fourth inning and Brandon Crawford added a solo shot in the seventh for San Francisco . Yusmeiro Petit ( 3 - 1 ) pitched three scoreless innings for the win . Jeremy Affeldt pitched a perfect eighth and Boone Casilla got two outs in the ninth . Pablo Sandoval homered for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Jhoulys Chacin ( 0 - 3 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Rockies . He struck out four and walked two . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Hector Sanchez 's two - out RBI double . Hector Sanchez added an RBI double in the sixth to make it 3 - 0 . Crawford 's solo homer in the seventh made it 4 - 0 . The Rockies added a run in the eighth on Morse 's RBI groundout and a run - scoring groundout by DJ LeMahieu . The Rockies added a run in the eighth on Morse 's RBI groundout and Brandon Barnes ' pinch - hit double . Brandon Barnes singled in the ninth to extend his hitting streak to a career - high 14 games . Colorado 's Matt Cain pitched three perfect innings in relief of Matt Romo , who pitched three perfect innings in his major league debut . Cain pitched three scoreless innings in relief of Matt Romo , who pitched three scoreless innings in relief of Matt Romo , who pitched three scoreless innings .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Texas Rangers manager Ron Washington was happy to see Aaron Poreda pitch in the seventh inning for the first time in his major league career . Mitch Moreland hit a tiebreaking , two - run homer in the seventh inning and the Rangers beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Aaron Poreda ( 2 - 0 ) gave up one run and two hits in two - plus innings for the Rangers , who have won four of five . The Blue Jays have won five of six and have the worst record in the American League . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Dickey ( 4 - 4 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and three hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . Mitch Moreland 's two - run homer in the seventh gave the Rangers a 4 - 2 lead . Shin-Soo Choo had an RBI double in the eighth and Adrian Beltre added an RBI single in the eighth for the Rangers , who have won four of five . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . Toronto has lost four of five . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . Toronto 's Nick Martinez allowed one run and four hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out three . Martinez allowed one run and four hits in five innings . He struck out three , walked three and hit a batter . Toronto 's Juan Francisco homered in the fourth to give the Blue Jays a 2 - 1 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Dickey this season . Alex Rios hit a two - run triple in the fourth to give the Blue Jays a 2 - 1 lead . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a two - run homer by Edwin Encarnacion .
CLEVELAND -- The Oakland Athletics have been waiting for Josh Reddick to come off the disabled list . Josh Reddick hit a pair of three - run homers , Sonny Gray pitched six strong innings and the Oakland Athletics beat the Cleveland Indians 11 - 1 on Tuesday night . Reddick hit a three - run homer in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the seventh to make it 11 - 1 . Reddick hit a three - run homer in the second and a two - run shot in the seventh off Kyle Crockett . It was the first multihomer game of his career . Reddick hit a three - run homer in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the seventh . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Reddick , who had a career - high six RBIs . Sonny Gray ( 5 - 1 ) allowed one run and two hits in six - plus innings . He struck out nine and walked three . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in his last five starts . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in his last six starts . The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . Jed Lowrie hit a solo homer in the third , and Nick Swisher and Josh Donaldson also went deep for the A 's , who have won four of five . The Indians have lost six of seven . McAllister gave up five runs and five hits in 1 1/3 innings . The right - hander struck out three and walked three . The right - hander is 1 - 4 with a 2.10 ERA in his last six starts . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Indians have lost four of five . McAllister gave up five runs and five hits in 1 1/3 innings .
PHILADELPHIA -- Garrett Richards pitched seven shutout innings , and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Philadelphia Phillies 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Richards ( 4 - 0 ) allowed five hits and struck out eight to win his third straight start . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter . Joe Smith pitched the ninth for his fifth save . Burnett ( 2 - 3 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out six . Albert Pujols had two hits and scored two runs for the Angels , who have won four of five . Raul Ibanez hit an RBI single in the first inning for the Phillies , who have lost five of six . Burnett allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked five . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place Los Angeles Dodgers in the NL East . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost four straight and eight of 10 . They 've lost six of seven . The Phillies were shut out for the third time this season . They 've scored just four runs in their last three games . The Phillies have lost four straight and eight of 10 . They 've lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Phillies have lost four straight and eight of 10 . They 've lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost four of five .
MILWAUKEE -- Pittsburgh Pirates manager Clint Hurdle was n't happy with his team 's latest win . Chris Stewart hit a go - ahead single in the ninth inning , and the Pirates beat the Milwaukee Brewers 4 - 1 on Tuesday night to snap a four - game losing streak . Pittsburgh has won four of five . The Pirates have won four of five . Pittsburgh has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee 's Francisco Liriano allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Francisco Melancon pitched the ninth for his fifth save in six chances . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Jose Tabata 's RBI fielder 's choice . The Pirates tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Jeff Bianchi , but the Brewers tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Jeff Bianchi and a run - scoring single by Ryan Braun . The Brewers tied it in the bottom of the ninth on a two - run double by Starling Marte off Jim Henderson . Marte 's two - run double in the ninth off Rodriguez ( Jim Henderson ( 1 - 1 ) gave the Pirates a 4 - 1 lead . Tony Watson ( 4 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win , and Mark Melancon pitched the ninth for his fifth save in six chances . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Jose Tabata 's run - scoring fielder 's choice . The Pirates tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Jeff Bianchi .
SEATTLE -- Jake Odorizzi pitched six innings of one - hit ball , and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Seattle Mariners 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Odorizzi ( 2 - 3 ) allowed one hit in six innings , striking out seven and walking two . Grant Balfour pitched the ninth for his seventh save . Brandon Maurer ( 1 - 2 ) gave up two runs and two hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . It was the second straight start in which the Mariners failed to score more than three runs . The Mariners were shut out for the third time this season . The Mariners were shut out for the third time this season . The Mariners were shut out for the third time this season . The Mariners were shut out for the third time this season . The Mariners were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . It was the first time the Mariners were shut out in the first two games of the three - game series . It was the fourth time the Mariners have been shut out this season . It was the fourth time the Mariners have been shut out this season . It was the fourth time the Mariners have been shut out this season . It was the fourth time the Mariners have been shut out this season . It was the fourth time the Mariners have been shut out this season . It was the first time the Mariners were shut out in the first two games of the three - game series . It was the fourth time the Mariners have been shut out this season .
DETROIT -- The Minnesota Twins have n't been able to find a way to get back in the AL Central race . Josmil Pinto hit a go - ahead single in the eighth inning , and the Minnesota Twins beat the Detroit Tigers 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Josmil Pinto had two hits and drove in a run for the Twins , who have won four of five . Minnesota has lost four of five . The Twins have lost six of seven . Minnesota 's Robbie Ray allowed four hits and struck out two in six scoreless innings in his first start of the season . Minnesota 's Samuel Deduno gave up three runs -- three earned -- and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Jared Burton ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win , and Glen Perkins got four outs for his 10th save . Chamberlain ( 1 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing three runs -- two earned -- and two hits in a one - plus innings . He struck out two and walked one . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on Miguel Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . Austin Jackson 's RBI single made it 2 - 0 in the fourth , and Kinsler led off the fifth with his second homer of the season . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Danny Santana 's two - out RBI single . Eduardo Escobar 's two - out RBI single in the seventh made it 4 - 3 . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Chris Parmelee 's two - out double , but the Twins could n't score .
TORONTO -- The Los Angeles Angels are on their longest winning streak of the season . Tyler Skaggs pitched eight innings of four - hit ball and Chris Iannetta hit a two - run homer , leading the Angels to a 5 - 3 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night . Skaggs ( 3 - 1 ) allowed three runs and four hits in eight innings to win for the first time in four starts . He walked none and struck out four . Cron hit a solo homer in the third and Chris Iannetta hit a two - run shot in the second for the Angels , who have won six of seven . Happ ( 1 - 1 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out four . Toronto 's Todd Redmond allowed an unearned run and five hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked none and struck out one . Cron hit a solo homer in the third , his first of the season , and Cron added a solo drive in the third , his first of the season . Chris Iannetta hit a two - run homer in the second for the Blue Jays , who have lost three of four . Toronto 's Jose Reyes hit a leadoff double in the ninth and scored on a single by Jose Bautista . Dioner Navarro followed with an RBI single , but Smith struck out pinch - hitter Adam Lind for his fourth save . Skaggs ( 3 - 1 ) allowed three runs , two earned , and four hits in eight innings . He walked none and struck out four . The Blue Jays jumped on Happ with a three - run second . Iannetta hit a two - run homer , his third , and Cron made it 4 - 1 with a solo shot to left in the third .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The New York Yankees are on their longest winning streak of the season . Derek Jeter homered and Vidal Nuno pitched into the seventh inning to lead the Yankees to a 9 - 2 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Wednesday night . Mark Teixeira hit a two - run double in a four - run first inning , and Derek Jeter added a solo homer in the second for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Yankees manager Joe Girardi was ejected in the seventh inning by plate umpire Angel Campos for arguing a called third strike on a pitch from Cory Rasmus , who was ejected by plate umpire Angel Campos for arguing a called third strike . Angels manager Joe Girardi was ejected in the seventh inning by plate umpire Angel Campos after a called third strike on a 3 - 2 pitch from Cory Rasmus , and the umpires huddled and reversed the call . Vidal Nuno ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits in 6 1/3 innings to earn his first major league win . The right - hander struck out three and walked one in his first major league start . Hector Santiago ( 0 - 6 ) gave up six runs -- two earned -- and five hits in 2 1/3 innings for the Angels , who have lost four of five . The Angels have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game West Coast trip . The Angels have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game West Coast trip . New York has lost six of seven . The Angels have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game road trip .
ATLANTA -- The Atlanta Braves have n't had a winning record since the All-Star break . Justin Upton and Chris Johnson hit back - to - back RBI singles in the eighth inning , and the Braves beat the St. Louis Cardinals 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Justin Upton and Matt Holliday also drove in runs for the Braves , who took two of three from the Cardinals . Justin Upton hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Braves , who have won five of six . The Cardinals have won seven of their last nine games . Atlanta 's Gavin Floyd allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . David Carpenter ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . Randy Choate ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss . Cardinals starter Tyler Lyons allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Matt Carpenter led off with a double and scored on Matt Holliday 's single . The Cardinals tied it in the sixth . Matt Carpenter led off with a double , moved to third on a groundout and scored on Matt Holliday 's single to center . The Cardinals tied it in the sixth . Freddie Freeman led off with a single , moved to third on a groundout and scored on Holliday 's single to center . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Matt Carpenter led off with a double and scored on Matt Holliday 's single .
SAN DIEGO -- Kansas City 's Alex Gordon had a big hit in the 11th inning to help the Royals to a 3 - 1 victory over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night . Alex Gordon hit a go - ahead single in the 11th inning , and Billy Butler added an RBI double in the 11th to help the Royals snap a three - game losing streak . Wade Davis ( 2 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Greg Holland pitched the 11th for his eighth save in 10 chances . Alex Gordon had an RBI single in the 11th and Billy Butler added an RBI double in the 11th . Salvador Perez homered for the second straight game and Yasmani Grandal also went deep for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Padres starter Robbie Erlin gave up one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked four . Guthrie allowed four hits in eight innings , struck out two and walked one . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . San Diego 's Eric Hosmer hit a one - out single off Nick Vincent ( 0 - 1 ) , advanced on a sacrifice and scored on Billy Butler 's pinch - hit double to right . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Dale Thayer , Alex Torres and Huston Street each pitched a scoreless inning before Greg Holland finished for his eighth save in 10 chances . The Royals have lost six of seven . Guthrie allowed four hits , struck out two and walked one in eight innings . He struck out two and walked one .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Jered Weaver and the Los Angeles Angels are on their longest winning streak of the season . Weaver pitched eight innings of six - hit ball , Howie Kendrick hit a go - ahead bases - loaded walk in the eighth inning and the Angels beat the New York Yankees 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Weaver ( 3 - 2 ) allowed a run and six hits in eight innings , struck out seven and walked one . The right - hander was coming off a 1 - 0 victory over the New York Yankees in which he was charged with three runs , one earned , and four hits in five - plus innings . Ernesto Frieri pitched the ninth for his third save . Shawn Kelley ( 0 - 2 ) walked Albert Pujols leading off the eighth , and Howie Kendrick drove in Pujols with a bases - loaded walk . Chris Iannetta drew a bases - loaded walk to make it 4 - 1 , and John McDonald drew a bases - loaded walk off Matt Thornton to make it 4 - 1 . David Phelps gave up one run and three hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Yankees , who have lost five of six . The Yankees have lost six of seven and are 2 - 5 against the Angels this season . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven .
DENVER -- Troy Tulowitzki 's two - run homer in the second inning gave the Colorado Rockies a 2 - 0 lead over the Texas Rangers . Tulowitzki hit a pair of two - run homers , Jordan Lyles pitched eight strong innings and the Rockies beat the Texas Rangers 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Tulowitzki hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the seventh to give the Rockies a 7 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for the Rockies , who have won four of five . Tulowitzki hit a two - run homer in the second and a two - run shot in the seventh that made it 7 - 1 . Lyles ( 4 - 0 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in eight innings . He struck out five and walked one . Nolan Arenado hit a two - run homer for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Martin Perez ( 4 - 2 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked three . Tulowitzki hit a two - run homer in the fifth and Tulowitzki added a two - run shot in the seventh to make it 7 - 1 . Tulowitzki added a two - run shot in the seventh off Shawn Tolleson to make it 7 - 1 . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Tulowitzki , who went 2 - for - 3 with a pair of two - run homers and a pair of two - run shots . He also had a two - run shot in the second inning , a two - run shot in the fifth and a two - run homer in the seventh . Tulowitzki added a two - run shot in the seventh to make it 7 - 1 .
DETROIT -- Max Scherzer has been the Detroit Tigers ' most consistent starter this season . Scherzer allowed three hits in eight innings , Victor Martinez homered and the Tigers beat the Houston Astros 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Scherzer ( 4 - 1 ) allowed three hits , struck out nine and walked one in his longest outing of the season . Joe Nathan pitched the ninth for his sixth save . Jarred Cosart ( 1 - 3 ) gave up an unearned run and four hits in seven innings for the Astros . He struck out three and walked three . Victor Martinez hit a solo homer in the eighth for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Houston has lost four of five . The Astros have lost four of five . Houston had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Scherzer struck out Ian Kinsler and Chris Carter to end the inning . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh when Ian Kinsler was hit by a pitch , stole second and scored on a single by Rajai Davis . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh when Nick Castellanos led off with a single and scored on a single by Rajai Davis . The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Scherzer struck out Chris Carter and got Miguel Cabrera to ground into a double play . The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Scherzer struck out Chris Carter and got Alex Avila to ground into a double play . The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Scherzer struck out Alex Avila and Chris Carter .
DENVER -- Charlie Culberson hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the Colorado Rockies to an 11 - 10 win over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Charlie Culberson hit a two - run homer off Kyle Farnsworth ( 0 - 2 ) in the bottom of the ninth to give the Rockies a 9 - 8 lead . Troy Tulowitzki had three hits and scored three runs for the Mets , who have lost four of five . LaTroy Hawkins ( 1 - 0 ) got the last two outs of the ninth for the win . Nolan Arenado homered and drove in four runs for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Mets starter Jenrry Mejia gave up eight runs -- eight earned -- and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Mets starter Franklin Morales allowed six runs -- five earned -- and nine hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . Franklin Morales gave up a solo homer to Ryan Wheeler in the fifth and a two - run homer to Nolan Arenado in the fifth . Arenado hit a three - run homer in the fifth to give the Mets a 6 - 0 lead . It was Arenado 's first home run since July 26 , 2011 , at Coors Field . The Mets took a 6 - 0 lead in the third on a run - scoring single by Anthony Recker and a run - scoring single by Lucas Duda . The Mets took a 6 - 0 lead in the third . Carlos Gonzalez had an RBI single and Curtis Granderson an RBI single to make it 6 - 0 . The Mets took a 6 - 0 lead in the third on a run - scoring double by Wright and a sacrifice fly by Lucas Duda .
PHILADELPHIA -- A. J. Burnett 's first win of the season was a big reason for the Philadelphia Phillies . Burnett pitched six strong innings , Ryan Howard hit a three - run homer and the Phillies beat the Washington Nationals 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Burnett ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and three hits , striking out seven and walking two in his first start against the Nationals . He was 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in his first four starts this season . Burnett ( 2 - 1 ) allowed seven runs -- seven earned -- and seven hits in four innings . He struck out five and walked one . Adam LaRoche homered for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Cody Asche hit a solo homer for the Nationals , who have lost five of six . The Phillies have lost four straight and seven of nine . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Nationals have lost four of five . The Nationals have lost four straight and seven of nine . The Nationals have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Nationals have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Nationals have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Nationals have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Nationals have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Nationals have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Nationals have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Nationals have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games .
ATLANTA -- The San Francisco Giants are on their longest winning streak of the season . Tim Lincecum pitched six strong innings and Angel Pagan hit a leadoff homer , leading the Giants to a 2 - 1 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . Lincecum ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and six hits , struck out four and walked three in his second start since coming off the disabled list . Sergio Romo pitched the ninth for his eighth save . Mike Minor ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings for the Braves . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Michael Morse hit a tiebreaking homer in the sixth inning , and Freddie Freeman drove in a run with a single in the fifth to give the Braves a 2 - 1 lead . Freddie Freeman 's run - scoring single in the fifth tied it at 1 . Pagan 's homer in the first gave the Giants a 1 - 0 lead . The Giants tied it at 1 in the fifth on a two - out single by Jason Heyward , who was 3 - for - 5 with two doubles . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Pagan 's first homer of the season . Atlanta tied it in the fifth when Gerald Laird led off with a double and scored on Minor 's wild pitch . San Francisco tied it in the sixth when Morse hit a solo homer off Minor , who allowed two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the second straight start .
HOUSTON -- George Springer has been the hottest hitter in the majors this season . Springer hit a game - ending RBI single in the 11th inning to lift the Houston Astros to a 5 - 4 win over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . Springer 's single in the 11th inning off Charlie Furbush ( 0 - 3 ) scored Jose Altuve , who had three hits . Anthony Bass ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Houston starter Brad Peacock allowed four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . Houston starter Felix Hernandez allowed three runs -- two earned -- and five hits with six strikeouts in five innings . He walked three and struck out six . Mike Zunino hit a two - run homer for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Seattle starter Joe Beimel retired the first batter he faced in the eighth before Charlie Furbush ( 0 - 3 ) walked Robinson Cano to load the bases . Altuve advanced to third on a wild pitch and scored on a groundout by Jonathan Villar to push the lead to 4 - 3 . The Astros took a 4 - 3 lead in the sixth on a two - run double by Kyle Seager and a two - run homer by Mike Zunino . The Astros took a 4 - 3 lead in the sixth on a two - run double by Kyle Seager and a two - run single by Krauss . The Astros tied it at 2 - all in the fifth on a two - run double by Kyle Seager , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double .
LOS ANGELES -- Dan Haren pitched a no - hitter for the Los Angeles Dodgers in his first start of the season , and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Cleveland Indians 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Haren ( 8 - 4 ) allowed one hit over seven innings , striking out five and walking one . The right - hander was 0 - 2 with a no - decision in his previous four starts . The right - hander struck out five and walked one . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth for his 25th save . Corey Kluber ( 7 - 6 ) gave up one run and six hits in 6 2/3 innings , struck out five and walked one . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 3.54 ERA in his last five starts . The Dodgers have lost four of five and are 1 - 4 on their nine - game homestand . The Indians have lost four of five and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place Chicago White Sox in the AL Central . Andre Ethier singled with one out in the seventh , stole second and scored on Clint Robinson 's pinch - hit single to center . The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Kenley Jansen retired the next three batters for his 25th save in 28 chances . The Indians , who have lost four of five , were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Indians have lost four of five and are 1 - 4 on their nine - game homestand . They have lost six of seven .
ATLANTA -- Tommy La Stella made his big league debut for the New York Mets in the eighth inning of a 4 - 3 win over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . The Mets ' first baseman made a throwing error in the eighth inning that led to three unearned runs , giving the Braves a 5 - 3 victory over the New York Mets . Tommy La Stella had an RBI single and Freddie Freeman drew a bases - loaded walk to force in the go - ahead run . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth for his 25th save in 27 chances . The Braves , who have won four of five , took a 3 - 1 lead in the fifth on a sacrifice fly by Chris Young and a run - scoring single by Daniel Murphy . Curtis Granderson led off the game with a home run , and Freddie Freeman drove in two runs with a bases - loaded walk in the eighth . Familia ( 1 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up four runs -- one earned -- and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . The Mets took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Chris Young and a run - scoring double by Daniel Murphy . Travis d'Arnaud 's RBI double made it 2 - 0 in the second . The Mets added another run in the third on Chris Young 's sacrifice fly . Wood allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . Wood allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven , walked one and hit a batter .
PITTSBURGH -- Eric Campbell had three hits and scored a run for the New York Mets . Eric Campbell had three hits , including an RBI double , and Jonathon Niese pitched six effective innings to lead the Mets to a 5 - 3 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Eric Campbell had three hits and drove in a run for the Mets , who have won four of five . Niese ( 5 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . Jenrry Mejia pitched a perfect ninth for his eighth save . Gerrit Cole ( 6 - 4 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in four innings . He walked three and struck out four . The Mets jumped on Cole for three runs in the first inning . Josh Harrison led off with a double and scored on Kirk Nieuwenhuis ' single . Kirk Nieuwenhuis followed with a run - scoring single , and Daniel Murphy 's two - out , two - run single made it 5 - 0 . The Mets took a 5 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Neil Walker and a run - scoring single by Kirk Nieuwenhuis . The Mets took a 5 - 0 lead in the second . Andrew McCutchen led off with a single , stole second and scored on Kirk Nieuwenhuis ' single . Kirk Nieuwenhuis followed with an RBI single to make it 5 - 0 . The Mets took a 5 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Campbell and a run - scoring single by Kirk Nieuwenhuis . The Mets took a 5 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Josh Harrison and a run - scoring single by Kirk Nieuwenhuis .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Los Angeles Angels have been waiting for the Kansas City Royals this season . David Freese had three hits and drove in three runs , Albert Pujols had two hits and drove in two runs , and the Angels beat the Kansas City Royals 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Angels have won four straight and seven of eight . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost four straight and eight of 10 . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost four straight and eight of 10 to fall a season - high 15 games under .500 . They are 0 - 4 against the Angels this season . Ventura ( 5 - 7 ) gave up two runs , two earned , and seven hits in four - plus innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter . The Royals scored three runs in the sixth to take a 6 - 0 lead . Freese hit a two - run single and Albert Pujols drove in a run with a single . Freese added a two - run single in the sixth , and Calhoun added an RBI single in the sixth . Mike Morin ( 2 - 1 ) allowed two runs and two hits in two innings , striking out one and walking one . Hector Santiago pitched four scoreless innings for Kansas City , allowing four hits and striking out four . The Royals ' Bruce Chen allowed five hits and four runs in five innings . He struck out eight and walked two .
NEW YORK -- Yankees manager Joe Girardi was happy to see Vidal Nuno pitch for the Boston Red Sox . Nuno pitched two - hit ball into the sixth inning , Kelly Johnson hit a two - run homer and the Yankees beat the Boston Red Sox 6 - 0 on Tuesday night . Nuno ( 2 - 4 ) gave up two hits in 5 2/3 innings , striking out five and walking two . The right - hander is 2 - 0 in five starts against the Red Sox this season . Brett Gardner homered for the second straight game and Brian McCann added a two - run shot in the eighth . Brandon Workman ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in seven innings for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . The Red Sox have lost six of seven and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . New York has lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost six of seven and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . New York has lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost six of seven and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Red Sox have lost six of seven and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Red Sox have lost six of seven and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Red Sox have lost six of seven and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Red Sox have lost six of seven and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand .
PHILADELPHIA -- Freddie Freeman hit a three - run homer and Julio Teheran pitched seven strong innings to lead the Atlanta Braves to a 4 - 2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Freddie Freeman and Ben Revere each had three hits for the Braves . Teheran ( 7 - 5 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and six hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter . Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth for his 23rd save . Kyle Kendrick ( 3 - 8 ) allowed four runs and nine hits in eight innings for the Phillies . He struck out eight and walked two . Freeman hit a three - run homer in the first inning and added an RBI double in the second . The Braves took a 4 - 0 lead in the second . Andrelton Simmons led off with a double and scored on Freeman 's double to right . Freeman followed with an RBI double to make it 4 - 0 . The Braves cut it to 4 - 2 in the fourth on Jimmy Rollins ' RBI groundout . Marlon Byrd 's RBI single in the fourth cut it to 4 - 2 . Marlon Byrd 's RBI single in the fourth cut Atlanta 's lead to 4 - 2 , but Teheran escaped further trouble by striking out Jason Heyward and Cameron Rupp to end the inning . The Phillies took a 4 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Freeman and a run - scoring groundout by Jimmy Rollins . Kendrick ( 3 - 8 ) allowed four runs and nine hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked two .
CHICAGO -- Anthony Rizzo had three hits in his return to the lineup after missing the previous two games with a sprained left ankle . Anthony Rizzo had three hits , including a double , and drove in the go - ahead run in the seventh inning , leading the Chicago Cubs to a 5 - 3 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . Anthony Rizzo had three hits and drove in a run for the Cubs , who have won four of five . Justin Ruggiano had two hits and two RBIs for the Nationals . Neil Ramirez ( 1 - 1 ) ( 1 - 1 ) got one out for the win . Hector Rondon pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . Craig Stammen ( 0 - 3 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and two hits in two - plus innings . He walked one and struck out one . Nationals starter Doug Fister gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out one and did not walk a batter . Denard Span had two hits and drove in two runs for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Washington took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth . Starlin Castro hit a two - run single and Welington Castillo followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 0 . Wood allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked five . Wood allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked five . Wood allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked five .
TORONTO -- It took J. A. Happ 's longest outing of the season . Happ pitched four - hit ball into the eighth inning , Adam Lind had three hits and drove in three runs and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Chicago White Sox 7 - 0 on Tuesday night . Happ ( 7 - 4 ) allowed four hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The White Sox have won six of their past eight games and have won eight of their past 10 games against the White Sox . The White Sox lost for the sixth time in seven games . Chicago lost for just the second time in 10 games . Scott Carroll ( 2 - 4 ) allowed five runs -- three earned -- and seven hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out four . The White Sox have lost four of five . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . They dropped to 1 - 6 on their nine - game homestand .
PHILADELPHIA -- Chase Utley has been waiting for the Philadelphia Phillies . Chase Utley hit a two - run homer in the 14th inning to lift the Phillies to a 5 - 3 victory over the Miami Marlins on Tuesday night . Utley connected off Chris Hatcher ( 0 - 1 ) with two outs in the 14th to give the Phillies a 5 - 3 lead . It was the first game - ending homer of the season for Utley , who hit a two - run shot in the 10th inning of a 2 - 1 win over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . It was the second game - ending homer of the season for Utley , who hit a two - run shot in the 10th inning of a 2 - 1 win over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Utley also connected for the second game - ending homer of his career . Chase Utley hit a go - ahead homer in the seventh inning for the Marlins , who have lost five of six . Hamels allowed three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter . Giancarlo Stanton homered for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Miami starter Tom Koehler gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter . The Marlins tied it at 3 in the seventh on a solo homer by Marcell Ozuna and a solo shot by Jarrod Saltalamacchia . The Marlins tied it at 3 in the seventh on a two - out error by third baseman Jeff Baker . Miami tied it at 3 in the bottom half on a two - out error by Jeff Baker .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Mike Trout and the Los Angeles Angels are on a roll . Trout hit a two - run homer , Kendrys Morales and Josh Willingham also went deep and the Angels beat the Minnesota Twins 8 - 6 on Tuesday night . Trout hit a two - run homer in the second inning off Kyle Gibson ( 6 - 6 ) , who gave up seven runs and four hits in two - plus innings . The right - hander was charged with seven runs and four hits in his shortest outing of the season . Wilson ( 8 - 6 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in five innings , struck out four and walked none . The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 7.16 ERA in his last five starts . Joe Smith worked the ninth for his sixth save in eight chances . The Angels ' bullpen , which began the day with the second - best ERA in the majors , got the loss in the opener of a four - game series between the teams with the worst records in the majors . Kyle Gibson ( 6 - 6 ) was charged with seven runs and four hits in two - plus innings . He struck out one and walked two . Kendrys Morales homered and Brian Dozier had three hits for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Minnesota took a 5 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run single by Josh Hamilton and a two - run single by Danny Santana . The Angels tied it in the second on a two - run homer by Kendrys Morales and a two - run shot by Trout . The Angels tied it in the second on a two - run single by Danny Santana and a two - run single by Howie Kendrick . Trout hit a two - run homer in the second , giving the Angels a 7 - 5 lead . The Angels tied it at 5 in the fifth on a sacrifice fly by Sam Santana .
PHOENIX -- The Arizona Diamondbacks have been waiting for Josh Collmenter in the past few weeks . Josh Collmenter pitched five effective innings and the Diamondbacks beat the San Francisco Giants 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Collmenter ( 5 - 4 ) allowed one run and four hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out four . Addison Reed struck out the side in the ninth for his 17th save in 19 chances . Lincecum ( 5 - 5 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out one and walked one . The Giants took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth when Buster Posey led off with a single , stole second and scored on Hill 's two - out single . Hill added a sacrifice fly in the sixth to make it 4 - 1 . Martin Prado 's RBI double in the first gave the Giants a 2 - 1 lead . Chris Owings hit a run - scoring double in the fifth to give the Giants a 3 - 1 lead . Hill added a sacrifice fly in the sixth to make it 4 - 1 . Lincecum allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out one and walked one . The Giants took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Pablo Sandoval 's RBI triple off the wall in right - center . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth when Goldschmidt doubled and scored on Hill 's sacrifice fly . Arizona took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth . Buster Posey led off with a single , stole third and scored on Hill 's sacrifice fly .
ST. LOUIS -- David Buchanan was happy to get his first win in more than a month . Buchanan pitched into the eighth inning and Ryan Howard hit a two - run homer , leading the Philadelphia Phillies to a 4 - 1 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Buchanan ( 3 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 4.95 ERA in his last four starts . The Phillies have won four of their last five games . Jonathan Papelbon pitched a perfect ninth for his 17th save in 21 chances . The Cardinals have lost four of five . Miller ( 7 - 6 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Cardinals have lost four of five and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Cardinals have lost four of five . Howard hit a two - run homer in the sixth off Shelby Miller ( 7 - 6 ) , who gave up four runs and seven hits in 6 2 - 3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Cardinals have lost four of five and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Cardinals have lost four of five and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Cardinals have lost four of five and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Cardinals have lost four of five and are 2 - 6 against the Phillies this season .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Nelson Cruz and the Baltimore Orioles did n't need much help . Nelson Cruz hit a solo homer in the eighth inning , and the Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Gausman ( 3 - 1 ) allowed five hits , struck out five and walked one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.74 ERA over his last four starts . Zach Britton pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save . Alex Cobb ( 2 - 5 ) allowed an unearned run and four hits in seven innings for Tampa Bay . He struck out six , walked four and hit a batter . The Rays have lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . Cruz hit a solo homer off Gausman in the eighth . It was the first homer of the season for Cruz , who hit a two - run shot in the 10th inning of Tuesday night 's 3 - 2 win over Tampa Bay . Cruz 's homer was the first of his career . It was the third time this season the Orioles have hit back - to - back homers . It was the second time this season the Orioles have hit back - to - back homers . Cruz hit a solo shot in the eighth off reliever Kirby Yates . It was the first homer for Cruz , who hit a two - run shot in the 10th inning of the Rays ' 3 - 2 win over the New York Yankees on Tuesday night . The Rays have won four of five . Baltimore has won four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five .
CHICAGO -- The Kansas City Royals are on a roll . Danny Duffy pitched seven sharp innings , Mike Moustakas hit a solo homer and the Royals beat the Chicago White Sox 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Duffy ( 4 - 5 ) allowed five hits , struck out nine and walked one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 2.83 ERA in his last five starts . The Royals have won five of their last six games against the White Sox , who have the worst record in the American League . The White Sox have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place Chicago White Sox in the AL Central . The White Sox lost for the fourth time in five games . Hector Noesi ( 2 - 5 ) gave up five runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . The White Sox have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their current 10 - game road trip . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox scored four runs in the fourth to take a 5 - 0 lead . Moustakas hit a solo homer in the eighth and Butler added a two - run shot off Daniel Webb in the ninth . Paul Konerko homered off Michael Mariot in the ninth . The White Sox have lost six of seven . They were shut out for the third time this season . They had scored just 10 runs in their previous six games . The White Sox scored three runs in the fourth to take a 5 - 0 lead . Lorenzo Cain 's bases - loaded fielder 's choice grounder made it 2 - 0 . Salvador Perez followed with a double and scored on Nori Aoki 's double - play grounder . The White Sox added three runs in the fourth . Omar Infante 's two - out single made it 5 - 0 .
PHILADELPHIA -- John Mayberry Jr. made the most of his opportunity . Mayberry had three hits , including a three - run homer , and Kyle Kendrick pitched six strong innings to lead the Philadelphia Phillies to a 7 - 3 victory over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night . Kendrick ( 2 - 6 ) allowed one earned run and seven hits , striking out five and walking none . He has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . The Phillies have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 16 games over .500 . Eric Stults ( 2 - 8 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . He walked one and struck out two . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Chase Headley 's RBI double and Reid Brignac 's two - run double . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Chase Headley and a run - scoring single by Jimmy Rollins . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Will Venable and a sacrifice fly by Domonic Brown . Mayberry hit a three - run homer off Alex Torres in the seventh to make it 7 - 2 . Grandal hit a solo shot off Ken Giles in the ninth . It was Grandal 's first home run since May 21 . The Padres had a chance to add to their lead in the eighth . Marlon Byrd hit a one - out single , stole second and went to third on catcher Wil Nieves ' throwing error . But Giles struck out Everth Cabrera to end the inning .
PITTSBURGH -- Andrew McCutchen and the Pittsburgh Pirates did n't need much offense . Andrew McCutchen homered and drove in two runs , Brandon Cumpton pitched five effective innings and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Chicago Cubs 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cumpton ( 2 - 2 ) allowed two runs and five hits in five innings , striking out five and walking two . The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 6.06 ERA in four starts against the Cubs this season . Cumpton ( 6 - 4 ) was charged with four runs and 11 hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked two . McCutchen hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Jason Hammel ( 6 - 4 ) , who gave up four runs and 11 hits in five innings . Jason Grilli pitched a perfect ninth for his 10th save in 12 opportunities . The Cubs have lost five of six . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven . They have lost seven of their past nine games . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Cubs have lost six of their past seven games and are 1 - 5 on their current 10 - game road trip . The Cubs have lost six of their past seven games . They have lost six of their past seven games and have lost six of their past seven .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox finally got to Justin Verlander and the Detroit Tigers . Jose Abreu homered and drove in a run , John Danks pitched seven strong innings and the White Sox beat the Detroit Tigers 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 6 - 6 ) gave up seven runs -- seven earned -- and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked four . Abreu led off the second inning with his 21st homer , and the White Sox tied it in the fourth on Conor Gillaspie 's two - out , two - run double . Danks ( 5 - 5 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out four and walked two . Verlander ( 6 - 6 ) gave up seven runs -- seven earned -- and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked four . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Miguel Cabrera led off with a double and scored on Adam Dunn 's single . The White Sox tied it in the fourth when Torii Hunter drove in a run with a groundout . Alejandro De Aza had an RBI single in the sixth to make it 8 - 1 . Rajai Davis had an RBI double in the seventh to make it 8 - 2 . Verlander ( 6 - 6 ) allowed seven runs -- seven earned -- and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked four . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Conor Gillaspie 's two - out , two - run double off Javy Guerra , who was making his major league debut .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Tampa Bay Rays are on their longest winning streak of the season . Yadier Molina had two hits and two RBIs , Desmond Jennings drove in two runs and the Rays beat the St. Louis Cardinals 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Michael Wacha ( 4 - 5 ) gave up four runs , four hits and four walks in five innings for St. Louis . The right - hander is winless in his last five starts . Yadier Molina hit a two - run single in the third and Matt Joyce drove in a run with a single in the fourth to give the Cardinals a 4 - 3 lead . Oviedo ( 2 - 2 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings to get the win . Grant Balfour pitched the ninth for his 10th save . Michael Wacha ( 4 - 5 ) gave up four runs , four hits and four walks in five innings for St. Louis . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Cardinals scored three runs in the fourth to take a 4 - 3 lead . Jennings hit a two - out , two - run single off Erik Bedard to make it 4 - 3 . Bedard allowed three runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Cardinals took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run single by Molina and a run - scoring single by Matt Joyce . The Cardinals took a 4 - 3 lead in the fourth on an RBI single by James Loney and a run - scoring single by Matt Joyce .
PITTSBURGH -- Anthony Rizzo and Andrew McCutchen hit back - to - back home runs in the first inning , and the Chicago Cubs beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Rizzo had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third inning that gave the Cubs a 2 - 0 lead . Andrew McCutchen hit a two - run homer in the third for the Pirates , who have won four of five . Rizzo had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third inning . He also doubled in a run in the seventh . Travis Wood ( 6 - 5 ) allowed three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings for Chicago . He struck out two and walked two . Wood ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs , four hits and a walk in 2 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The Pirates took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth on Darwin Barney 's RBI double and Luis Valbuena 's two - run double . Rizzo had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third inning that put Chicago ahead 2 - 0 . The Cubs tied it at 3 in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Josh Harrison . Rizzo doubled in a run in the seventh and scored on Starlin Castro 's single to make it 7 - 3 . Rizzo doubled in a run in the seventh and scored on a sacrifice fly by Russell Martin . Rizzo had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third that put the Cubs ahead 5 - 3 . The Pirates took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Josh Harrison .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels have been waiting for a big hit in extra innings . Collin Cowgill hit a game - ending homer with two outs in the 14th inning and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Oakland Athletics 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Collin Francis ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing a run and a hit and two walks in 1 2/3 innings . Cory Rasmus ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Sean Doolittle pitched the final two innings for the Angels , who have won four of five . Jeff Francis ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing a run and a hit and two walks in 1 2/3 innings . The right - hander walked two and struck out none . Oakland starter Drew Pomeranz gave up an unearned run and four hits over seven innings . He walked three and struck out two . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Mike Trout led off with a double and scored on Josh Hamilton 's two - out single . The Angels tied it in the eighth on a sacrifice fly by Jed Lowrie , who was 0 - for - 4 with a sacrifice fly . Oakland tied it in the eighth against Mike Morin with a two - out single by Derek Norris , who was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second on Yoenis Cespedes ' two - out single . Oakland starter Hector Santiago allowed three hits over six scoreless innings . He struck out eight , walked one and hit a batter . Oakland tied it in the eighth against Luke Gregerson .
CINCINNATI -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are on their longest winning streak of the season . Josh Beckett pitched six scoreless innings , Hanley Ramirez drove in two runs and the Dodgers beat the Cincinnati Reds 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Beckett ( 4 - 3 ) allowed two hits , struck out seven and walked one in six innings . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last five starts . The Dodgers have won five of their last six games . The Dodgers have lost six of their last seven games . Mike Leake ( 3 - 6 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out seven . Hanley Ramirez had a two - run single in the fifth , and Adrian Gonzalez had an RBI double in the seventh for a 6 - 0 lead . Yasiel Puig doubled in the seventh and scored on Zack Cozart 's two - out single off Brian Wilson . Jamey Wright pitched a scoreless eighth and Sean Marshall worked the ninth for the Dodgers , who have won seven of their last nine games . The Reds have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park since the start of the 1988 season . The Reds have won 10 of their last 13 games against the Reds , who have the worst record in the majors . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have been shut out three times in their last four games , including three straight at Great American Ball Park . The Dodgers have lost six of their last seven games . They 've been shut out three times in their last seven games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . They 've lost six of their last seven .
TORONTO -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting for a long time to find a way to win . Kurt Suzuki hit a tying double with two outs in the ninth inning and Kevin Pillar followed with an RBI single to lift the Toronto Blue Jays to a 5 - 4 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Kurt Suzuki had three hits , including an RBI double off Matt Guerrier ( 0 - 1 ) in the ninth , and Eduardo Escobar 's RBI double off Casey Fien in the ninth gave the Blue Jays a 4 - 3 lead . Casey Janssen ( 1 - 0 ) gave up two runs in the bottom half , but Casey Fien came on and gave up a run - scoring single to Eduardo Escobar and a run - scoring single to Kurt Suzuki . The Blue Jays tied it at 4 in the ninth on Kevin Pillar 's two - out RBI single off Casey Fien , who gave up a run - scoring single to Kurt Suzuki and a two - run homer to Edwin Encarnacion . Reyes led off the game with a homer , his fifth , and Encarnacion followed with a shot to left . It was the second time this season the Blue Jays have hit back - to - back homers . Reyes led off the bottom half with a drive to left , his fifth , and Encarnacion followed with a drive into the second deck in left . It was the second time this season the Blue Jays have hit back - to - back homers . The Blue Jays tied it at 4 in the ninth on a two - out RBI single by Eduardo Escobar . The Blue Jays tied it at 4 in the ninth on a two - out RBI single by Kurt Suzuki , who went 3 for 4 with an RBI double and a run - scoring double off Casey Fien .
PHOENIX -- Chase Anderson has been a big part of the Arizona Diamondbacks ' rotation . Anderson pitched seven strong innings , Justin Upton hit a two - run homer and the Diamondbacks beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Anderson ( 5 - 0 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Paul Goldschmidt hit a two - run homer and Freddie Freeman added a solo shot for the Braves , who have won four of five . Peralta hit a two - run homer off Harang ( 4 - 5 ) in the seventh inning to give the Diamondbacks a 6 - 2 lead . It was Peralta 's first home run since July 21 , a span of 69 at - bats . Upton 's homer off David Hale in the seventh gave the Diamondbacks a 6 - 2 lead , and Chris Owings singled in two runs in the seventh to give the Diamondbacks a 4 - 2 lead . Chris Owings hit a two - run single off David Hale in the seventh to give the Braves a 4 - 2 lead . Peralta tied it at 2 with a two - run homer in the seventh . The Diamondbacks added a run in the eighth on Ramiro Pena 's pinch - hit homer off Evan Marshall , his second of the season . Brad Ziegler gave up a solo homer to David Peralta in the ninth before finishing for his first save of the season . Anderson allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Atlanta 's Aaron Harang ( 4 - 5 ) allowed three runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked six .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Felix Hernandez had a no - hitter into the seventh inning , and the Seattle Mariners finally found a way to beat the Tampa Bay Rays . Hernandez struck out 15 in seven shutout innings , James Jones hit a two - run triple and the Mariners beat the Tampa Bay Rays 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Hernandez struck out 15 in seven scoreless innings , allowing four hits and one walk while striking out a season - high 15 . Yoervis Medina ( 3 - 1 ) pitched one inning for the win . Grant Balfour ( 0 - 2 ) gave up a two - run single to Endy Chavez and a two - run triple to Kyle Seager in the ninth . James Loney hit a two - run triple off Jake McGee , and Kyle Seager added a two - out , two - run double off Joel Peralta to give the Mariners a 5 - 0 lead . The Mariners have won five of six . The Rays have lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay has lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay has lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay has lost four of five . The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven . The Rays have lost four of five .
PHOENIX -- The Atlanta Braves have been in first place in the NL East . Jason Heyward hit a two - run homer , Julio Teheran pitched seven strong innings and the Braves beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Didi Gregorius hit his first career leadoff homer , and Jordan Schafer had three hits for the Braves . Teheran ( 6 - 3 ) allowed two runs and five hits , struck out seven and walked one . Craig Kimbrel got the final four outs for his 16th save in 17 chances . McCarthy ( 1 - 8 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Heyward 's two - run homer in the fifth gave the Braves a 2 - 1 lead . Jordan Schafer led off the fifth with a single and Heyward followed with a two - run homer to put the Braves ahead 2 - 1 . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth . David Peralta doubled , went to third on a wild pitch and scored on Teheran 's wild pitch . Atlanta tied it at 2 in the fifth on a two - out RBI single by Andrelton Simmons . The Diamondbacks tied it at 2 in the seventh on a two - out RBI single by Justin Upton . Arizona added a run in the ninth off Trevor Cahill on Heyward 's RBI single and Justin Upton 's run - scoring single . Justin Marshall pitched the eighth and Craig Kimbrel got the final four outs for his 16th save . McCarthy ( 1 - 8 ) allowed three runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out nine and walked one .
DETROIT -- Brett Lawrie and the Toronto Blue Jays are on their longest winning streak of the season . Brett Lawrie and Juan Francisco hit two - run homers , Happ won for the first time in four starts and the Blue Jays beat the Detroit Tigers 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Brett Lawrie and Melky Cabrera also homered for the Blue Jays , who have won four of five . Toronto 's Justin Verlander ( 6 - 5 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out four . Happ ( 5 - 2 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Casey Janssen got the final out for his 10th save in 11 chances . Verlander ( 6 - 5 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out four . The Blue Jays took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Dioner Navarro and a sacrifice fly by J. D. Martinez . Brett Lawrie hit a solo homer in the sixth , and Francisco hit a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Blue Jays a 5 - 3 lead . The Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half on Torii Hunter 's sacrifice fly . The Blue Jays took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth on Ian Kinsler 's RBI triple and Francisco 's two - run homer . The Blue Jays tied it in the fourth on a two - run homer by Juan Francisco , who hit a two - run shot in the sixth . The Blue Jays took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth on a two - run single by Ian Kinsler and a run - scoring single by Dioner Navarro . The Blue Jays took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth on a two - run homer by Francisco and a solo shot by Lawrie .
MILWAUKEE -- Minnesota 's Samuel Deduno pitched five solid innings and Josh Willingham hit a three - run homer to lead the Twins to a 6 - 4 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Deduno ( 2 - 3 ) allowed two runs and six hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out two . The Twins have won five of their last six games . Glen Perkins pitched the ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . Yovani Gallardo ( 3 - 4 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked one . Willingham hit a three - run homer in the third to give the Twins a 4 - 1 lead . Willingham hit a three - run homer in the third to give the Twins a 4 - 1 lead . It was Willingham 's 21st home run of the season . Dozier 's two - run shot in the fifth gave the Twins a 6 - 2 lead . It was the third time this season the Twins have hit back - to - back home runs . Willingham hit a three - run homer in the third to give the Twins a 4 - 1 lead . Dozier 's two - run homer in the fifth gave the Twins a 6 - 2 lead . It was Dozier 's 20th home run of the season . The Twins scored three runs in the eighth to make it 6 - 3 . Ryan Braun hit a sacrifice fly and Lyle Overbay had an RBI single . Ryan Braun hit a sacrifice fly in the bottom of the inning to make it 6 - 3 . Tyler Thornburg pitched the final two innings for the Twins .
ATLANTA -- The Seattle Mariners had a big night at the plate . Evan Gattis hit a three - run homer , Stefen Romero added a three - run shot and the Seattle Mariners beat the Atlanta Braves 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Buck had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh that gave the Mariners a 7 - 5 lead . It was the first pinch - hit homer of Romero 's career . Gattis hit a three - run homer in the first inning and added a three - run shot in the fourth to give the Mariners a 5 - 2 lead . It was the first homer of the season for Gattis , who hit a three - run shot off Gavin Floyd in the first game of the series . Gattis hit a three - run homer off Gavin Floyd in the first inning and added a three - run shot off Alex Wood ( 5 - 6 ) in the fourth to give the Mariners a 5 - 2 lead . Dominic Leone ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Fernando Rodney pitched a perfect ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . The Braves took a 4 - 0 lead in the first . Jason Heyward led off with a double and scored on Brad Miller 's single . Freddie Freeman followed with an RBI single , and James Jones followed with a three - run homer to make it 5 - 2 . Atlanta cut the lead to 5 - 5 in the second on Upton 's two - run homer off Erasmo Ramirez , who allowed five runs and eight hits in three innings . He struck out four and walked one .
LOS ANGELES -- Clayton Kershaw had a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth inning , and the Los Angeles Dodgers had a 2 - 0 lead on Jose Abreu 's two - run homer in the fourth inning and a two - run single by Justin Turner in the sixth inning . Kershaw ( 4 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits in eight innings , struck out nine and walked none . The right - hander struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth for his 17th save . Jose Quintana ( 3 - 5 ) gave up five runs and six hits in six - plus innings , struck out five and walked two . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts , including a 4 - 1 loss to the Dodgers on July 31 . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on a two - out , two - run homer by Jose Abreu , who hit a two - run shot in the fourth to give the White Sox a 2 - 0 lead . The Dodgers tied it in the bottom of the inning on Adrian Gonzalez 's RBI single , and Justin Turner 's two - run single with two outs in the sixth made it 5 - 2 . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on an RBI single by Drew Butera and a two - run homer by Jose Abreu . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on a two - out , two - run homer by Abreu .
CHICAGO -- Chris Sale pitched a two - hitter for his first career complete game , and the Chicago White Sox beat the San Diego Padres 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Sale ( 5 - 0 ) struck out nine and walked none in his second complete game of the season . He struck out nine and walked none in his second complete game of the season . Paul Konerko homered and drove in three runs , and Tyler Flowers also went deep for the White Sox . Eric Stults ( 2 - 6 ) allowed four runs and five hits in six innings for the Padres . He struck out six and walked one . Chase Headley hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Padres , who have lost five of six . Konerko hit a two - out , two - run double in the sixth to give the White Sox a 4 - 1 lead . Konerko hit a two - run double in the sixth to give the White Sox a 4 - 1 lead . It was Konerko 's second homer of the season and second in two days . It was the first homer allowed by Stults in five starts this season . Konerko hit a two - out , two - run double in the sixth to give the White Sox a 4 - 1 lead . Konerko 's two - run double off Kevin Quackenbush in the sixth gave the White Sox a 4 - 1 lead . It was Konerko 's second homer of the season and second in two days . It was his second homer of the season and second in two days . It was the second time this season the White Sox have hit back - to - back homers . Konerko hit a two - run double in the sixth to give the White Sox a 4 - 1 lead .
LOS ANGELES -- Andrew McCutchen and the Pittsburgh Pirates have been waiting for a big hit . Andrew McCutchen homered and drove in a run , Pedro Alvarez drove in three runs and the Pirates beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 5 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . McCutchen had three hits , including a solo homer , and drove in a run for the Pirates , who have won four of five . Turner homered in his first at - bat of the season , a solo shot in the third inning and a solo shot in the fourth that made it 3 - 1 . The Pirates tied it in the bottom half on Alvarez 's two - run single . The Pirates tied it in the second on a two - out RBI single by Russell Martin . The Pirates tied it in the bottom half on Alvarez 's two - out , two - run single . The Pirates tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Yasiel Puig . The Pirates tied it in the bottom half on a two - out homer by Josh Harrison , his second of the season , to cut the Dodgers ' lead to 3 - 2 . The Pirates tied it in the bottom half on a two - out , two - run single by Alvarez , who had two hits and drove in three runs . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by McCutchen and a two - run single by Pedro Alvarez . Greinke ( 8 - 2 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings , struck out seven and walked two .
CLEVELAND -- The Cleveland Indians have n't been able to find a way to make the playoffs . Mike Zunino hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning , Dustin Ackley also went deep and the Mariners beat the Cleveland Indians 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Mariners have won four straight and seven of nine . The Mariners have won six of seven . Seattle 's Chris Young gave up four runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . The right - hander , who had n't allowed more than three earned runs in any of his previous five starts , gave up four runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . The right - hander struck out one and walked two . Joe Beimel ( 3 - 1 ) got the final out in the seventh for the win . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 30th save . Bryan Shaw ( 4 - 3 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and one hit in two - thirds of an inning . Dustin Ackley hit a two - run homer and Jason Kipnis added a two - run shot for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Cleveland starter Zach McAllister allowed four runs and eight hits in 3 1/3 innings . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Logan Morrison . The Indians tied it in the second on a two - run homer by Kipnis . Cleveland tied it in the second on a two - run homer by Kipnis . Seattle tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Endy Chavez and a sacrifice fly by Logan Morrison .
CHICAGO -- Jake Arrieta pitched seven strong innings , and the Chicago Cubs beat the Colorado Rockies 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Arrieta ( 6 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings , struck out seven and walked two . The right - hander struck out seven , walked two and hit a batter . The Cubs have won four of their last five games and have won six of their last seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Pedro Hernandez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven .
HOUSTON -- Yoenis Cespedes had three hits and scored the go - ahead run in the ninth inning to help the Oakland Athletics to a 7 - 4 win over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . The A 's trailed 4 - 1 before scoring four times in the ninth . Yoenis Cespedes had an RBI single off Chad Qualls ( 1 - 2 ) and pinch - hitter Alberto Callaspo had a two - run single off Tony Sipp to make it 4 - 3 . Brandon Moss followed with an RBI single to make it 4 - 3 . Josh Fields followed with a two - run double to make it 7 - 4 . Evan Scribner ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Sean Doolittle pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save . Josh Reddick homered for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Houston starter Jeff Samardzija gave up four runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Houston starter Scott Feldman allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out one . Marwin Gonzalez hit a solo home run in the first inning for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Houston took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Reddick led off with a home run to right field . The A 's tied it in the fifth on an RBI single by Jose Altuve . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Reddick led off with a home run to left field . Oakland tied it in the fifth on a run - scoring single by Hernandez .
CINCINNATI -- Nick Ahmed had a two - run homer in the Arizona Diamondbacks ' 2 - 1 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Friday night . Nick Ahmed led off the 15th inning with a single off J. J. Hoover ( 1 - 8 ) , and Martin Prado drew a one - out walk from J. J. Hoover . Nick Ahmed sacrificed Prado to third , and Nick Ahmed was intentionally walked to load the bases . Nick Ahmed grounded out to end the inning . Oliver Perez ( 1 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Addison Reed worked around a leadoff walk in the 15th for his 25th save in 29 chances . Devin Mesoraco led off the second inning with his third homer of the season , and Miguel Montero drove in the Diamondbacks ' first run with a two - out single in the fourth . Arizona starter Homer Bailey allowed one run and five hits in eight innings , striking out three and walking one . Anderson allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Arizona 's Chase Anderson gave up one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Arizona 's Paul Goldschmidt extended his hitting streak to a career - high 14 games with a single in the first . He was 0 - for - 5 in his return to the lineup after missing two games because of a sore right shoulder . Paul Goldschmidt extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first inning . He was 0 - for - 5 in his return to the lineup after missing two games with a sore right shoulder .
CINCINNATI -- Tanner Roark and the Washington Nationals are on a roll . Roark pitched seven innings of three - hit ball , Denard Span had four hits and the Nationals beat the Cincinnati Reds 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Roark ( 10 - 6 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth for his 24th save in 28 chances . Alfredo Simon ( 12 - 5 ) gave up three runs , nine hits and two walks in 4 1/3 innings for the Reds , who have lost four of five . The Reds have lost five of six . The Nationals have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park this season . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Reds have lost seven of their last nine games . The Reds have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park this season . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park this season . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Reds have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park this season . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Reds have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park this season .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Billy Butler 's two - run pinch - hit homer in the bottom of the eighth inning lifted the Kansas City Royals to a 6 - 4 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Friday night . Butler 's two - run homer off John Axford in the bottom of the eighth gave the Royals a 6 - 4 lead . Butler 's two - run shot off John Axford in the bottom half gave the Royals a 6 - 4 lead . It was the first pinch - hit homer of Butler 's career , and Butler 's two - run shot off John Axford in the eighth gave the Royals a 6 - 4 lead . It was the first pinch - hit homer of Butler 's career and the first pinch - hit home run of his career . Santana hit a two - run homer off John Axford in the eighth to give the Royals a 6 - 4 lead . Aaron Crow pitched the ninth for his second save . Carlos Carrasco ( 3 - 4 ) took the loss , giving up one run and two hits in 1 1/3 innings . Carlos Santana hit two home runs for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Perez homered in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Indians a 4 - 2 lead . It was Santana 's second two - homer game of the season . The Royals tied it at 4 in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Jason Kipnis and a run - scoring double by Yan Gomes . Perez homered in the second inning to give the Indians a 1 - 0 lead .
TORONTO -- The Boston Red Sox have been waiting for the Boston Red Sox to get back to .500 . David Ortiz hit a three - run homer , R. A. Dickey won for the first time in four starts and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Red Sox 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Jose Bautista homered and drove in two runs , Xander Bogaerts had two hits and an RBI for the Red Sox , who took two of three from the Red Sox . Dickey ( 8 - 10 ) allowed four runs and nine hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out five . Casey Janssen pitched the ninth for his 15th save . Clay Buchholz ( 5 - 6 ) allowed five runs , four earned , and six hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out one . The Blue Jays took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Bautista and a run - scoring double by Xander Bogaerts . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on a run - scoring double by Josh Thole and a run - scoring double by Ryan Goins . The Blue Jays tied it in the fifth on a run - scoring double by Josh Thole and a run - scoring double by Colby Rasmus . Boston tied it at 4 in the sixth on a run - scoring double by Josh Thole and a run - scoring double by Ryan Goins . Toronto tied it in the sixth on an RBI double by Josh Thole and a run - scoring double by Ryan Goins . Toronto tied it in the sixth on an RBI double by Josh Thole and a run - scoring double by Ryan Goins . Toronto tied it in the sixth on an RBI double by Josh Thole and a run - scoring double by Ryan Goins . Boston tied it in the sixth on an RBI double by Colby Rasmus , but the Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half on Bautista 's RBI triple and a run - scoring double by Daniel Nava . Boston tied it in the sixth on an RBI double by Josh Thole and a run - scoring double by Ryan Goins .
PHOENIX -- Miguel Cabrera and the Detroit Tigers did n't need much offense . Cabrera hit a three - run homer in the eighth inning and the Detroit Tigers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 11 - 5 on Tuesday night . Didi Gregorius hit a two - run homer and Austin Jackson added a three - run double for the Tigers , who have won three of four . Detroit has won six of seven . The Tigers have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . Detroit 's Anibal Sanchez ( 7 - 4 ) gave up five runs and 11 hits in 6 1/3 innings . The right - hander struck out four and walked one . Detroit 's Trevor Cahill ( 1 - 7 ) gave up seven runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in four - plus innings . He walked none and struck out three . Cabrera hit a three - run homer off Matt Stites in the eighth to make it 11 - 5 , and Ian Kinsler and David Peralta had run - scoring singles off Matt Stites to make it 7 - 5 in the seventh . The Diamondbacks scored four runs in the second inning to take a 2 - 0 lead . Avila hit a two - run double and Jackson followed with a three - run double to give the Tigers a 2 - 0 lead . Arizona added three more in the fourth . Avila hit a two - run double and Gregorius followed with a two - run homer to make it 7 - 3 . Sanchez allowed five runs and 11 hits in 6 1/3 innings .
MILWAUKEE -- Jonathan Lucroy has been waiting for the Milwaukee Brewers this season . Lucroy hit a pair of solo homers , and the Brewers beat the Cincinnati Reds 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Lucroy led off the bottom of the ninth against Sam LeCure ( 1 - 2 ) with his second homer of the game , giving the Brewers a 4 - 3 victory over the Reds on Tuesday night . Francisco Rodriguez ( 4 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Jonathan Lucroy hit a pair of solo homers for the Reds , who have lost five of six . Ryan Braun homered for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Milwaukee starter Jimmy Nelson allowed three runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Milwaukee starter Homer Bailey gave up three runs and four hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Ryan Braun 's two - out solo homer and a two - out RBI double by Jay Bruce . The Reds tied it in the fourth when Billy Hamilton led off with a single , stole second and scored on Jay Bruce 's double . The Reds tied it in the fourth on a two - out RBI single by Brayan Pena . Milwaukee tied it at 2 in the fourth on Braun 's 21st homer of the season . Milwaukee tied it in the seventh on Ramon Santiago 's RBI groundout . Milwaukee tied it in the seventh on Ramon Santiago 's run - scoring fielder 's choice and Lucroy 's solo homer in the sixth .
NEW YORK -- Brian McCann and the New York Yankees got a big hit from their bullpen . Brian McCann singled home the winning run in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Yankees a 3 - 2 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Jacoby Ellsbury led off the ninth with a single off Aroldis Chapman ( 0 - 3 ) , stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch . Brian McCann followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 2 . David Robertson ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Yankees starter Hiroki Kuroda allowed an unearned run and three hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . Todd Frazier hit a tying solo homer in the eighth for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Cincinnati 's Johnny Cueto gave up two runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out seven , walked four and hit a batter . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on Derek Jeter 's RBI single and Skip Schumaker 's run - scoring double . Cincinnati tied it in the bottom half when Zack Cozart reached on an error by third baseman Ramon Santiago and scored on Brett Gardner 's double - play grounder . New York tied it in the bottom half on Ellsbury 's RBI single . Cincinnati tied it in the fifth when Zack Cozart reached on an error by third baseman Ramon Santiago , stole second and scored on Skip Schumaker 's double . The Yankees tied it in the bottom half on a two - out single by Ryan Ludwick and a throwing error by shortstop Ramon Santiago .
ATLANTA -- The Atlanta Braves are n't sure what to expect from the Philadelphia Phillies . Chris Johnson hit a two - run homer and Alex Wood pitched six strong innings to lead the Braves to an 8 - 2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . The Braves won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 6 - 1 against the Phillies this season . Atlanta has won four straight and eight of 10 . Wood ( 7 - 7 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter . Chris Johnson hit a two - run homer off Kyle Kendrick ( 4 - 10 ) in the second inning to give the Braves a 2 - 1 lead . John Mayberry Jr. put Atlanta ahead 2 - 0 in the second with his first homer of the season . Kendrick ( 4 - 10 ) gave up six runs -- six earned -- and five hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out one . Marlon Byrd hit a solo homer in the ninth off David Carpenter . The Phillies have lost five of six . The Phillies have lost five of six . The Phillies have lost five of six . The Phillies have lost six of seven . They have lost five of six . The Phillies have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Philadelphia 's Tommy La Stella , who had a three - run double in the third , doubled in two runs in the third . He had a three - run double in the third and a three - run homer in the third to give Atlanta a 6 - 1 lead . The Braves added three runs in the sixth . Justin Upton , who was hit by a pitch with the bases loaded , was hit by a pitch to load the bases . David Hale came on and walked Freddie Freeman to load the bases before walking Upton to load the bases . Justin Upton was hit by a pitch , loading the bases . David Carpenter relieved and walked Jason Heyward to force in a run . Simmons walked to force in a run , and Laird scored on a wild pitch to make it 8 - 1 .
PITTSBURGH -- The Pittsburgh Pirates have n't been able to find a way to win this season . The Pittsburgh Pirates have n't been able to find a way to keep the Rockies in the thick of the NL wild - card race . Starling Marte drove in two runs , Travis De La Rosa pitched six solid innings and the Pirates beat the Colorado Rockies 4 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight win . The Pirates have won five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Pirates have lost four of five . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost four of five . Colorado 's Francisco Liriano allowed three hits and three walks while striking out eight in five innings . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning on Corey Dickerson 's fielder 's choice . DJ LeMahieu 's two - out RBI single in the sixth gave the Pirates a 2 - 1 lead . The Rockies tied it in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Josh Harrison . Marte 's RBI single in the sixth gave the Pirates a 2 - 1 lead . The Rockies tied it in the seventh when Neil Walker drew a leadoff walk and scored on Travis Snider 's pinch - hit double . Jorge De La Rosa pitched six solid innings for the Rockies , allowing one run and four hits with three walks and two strikeouts . Jorge De La Rosa pitched the eighth and Mark Melancon worked the ninth for his 17th save . Jorge De La Rosa allowed one run and four hits in six innings for the Rockies . He struck out two and walked three .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have been waiting for Hyun-Jin Ryu to come off the disabled list . Ryu pitched two - hit ball over six innings , Yasiel Puig drove in the only run and the Dodgers beat the San Diego Padres 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Ryu ( 10 - 5 ) allowed two hits in six innings , struck out 10 and walked none . The right - hander was 0 - 2 with a < unk > ERA in his previous four starts . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth for his 27th save in 29 chances . Tyson Ross ( 7 - 10 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings , struck out a season - high nine and walked one . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.00 ERA in his last five starts . The Dodgers ' only run came in the sixth when Dee Gordon reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second and advanced to third on catcher Rene Rivera 's throwing error . Gordon stole third and scored on Puig 's single to center . The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but J. P. Howell struck out pinch - hitter Matt Kemp to end the threat . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but J. P. Howell struck out pinch - hitter Will Venable and got Miguel Rojas to ground into a double play . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but J. P. Howell struck out pinch - hitter Will Venable and got Brooks Conrad to hit into a double play to end the threat .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Yordano Ventura pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings , and the Kansas City Royals beat Justin Verlander and the Detroit Tigers 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Yordano Ventura ( 7 - 7 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings of one - hit relief , and Greg Holland worked a perfect ninth for his 25th save . Verlander ( 8 - 8 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out two . The Royals scored four runs in the seventh to take a 5 - 2 lead . Rajai Davis led off with a double and scored on Alcides Escobar 's single . Omar Infante followed with a two - run single to give the Royals a 4 - 2 lead . Eric Hosmer added an RBI double off Al Alburquerque to make it 5 - 2 . Verlander ( 8 - 8 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out two . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Miguel Cabrera 's sacrifice fly and J. D. Martinez 's run - scoring single . Royals starter Bruce Chen gave up two runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out two and did not walk a batter . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Austin Jackson led off with a double and scored on Alcides Escobar 's single . Alcides Escobar had an RBI single in the seventh and Eric Hosmer doubled in a run in the seventh for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Tigers starter Phil Coke gave up three hits in 1 1/3 innings .
CINCINNATI -- Alfredo Simon was n't surprised to see the Chicago Cubs get back on track . Simon pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Anthony Rizzo hit a solo homer and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Chicago Cubs 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Simon ( 12 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Aroldis Chapman struck out the side in the ninth for his 19th save in 20 chances . Dallas Cozart and Billy Hamilton had run - scoring triples in a four - run fifth inning off Dallas Beeler ( 0 - 2 ) , who allowed four runs and six hits in five innings . Anthony Rizzo hit a solo homer in the third inning for the Cubs , who have lost five of six . The Cubs have lost four of five . The Cubs have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Cubs have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Cubs have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Cubs have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park this season . The Cubs have lost five of their last six games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Cubs have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park this season . The Cubs have won 10 of their last 13 games against the Cubs , who have the worst record in the majors .
DENVER -- Troy Tulowitzki 's first two - homer game of the season helped the Colorado Rockies to a 6 - 3 win over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night . Tulowitzki hit a solo homer in the fourth inning and a solo shot in the eighth to help the Rockies win for the sixth time in seven games . Tulowitzki hit his first two home runs of the season , a solo shot in the eighth inning that gave the Rockies a 6 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for the Rockies , who have won five of six . Tulowitzki hit a solo homer in the fourth and a solo shot in the eighth . The Rockies have won three straight and five of six . The Padres have won six of their last seven games . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven .
BOSTON -- The Chicago White Sox did n't need much offense . Dayan Viciedo hit a three - run homer , Adam Dunn and Adam Dunn also went deep and the White Sox beat the Boston Red Sox 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Carroll ( 3 - 5 ) allowed one hit in 6 2/3 innings , striking out five and walking two . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.91 ERA in his last four starts . Dayan Viciedo hit a three - run homer off Clay Buchholz ( 3 - 5 ) , and Adam Dunn and Adam Dunn also went deep for the White Sox , who have won four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The Red Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The Red Sox were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Red Sox were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Red Sox were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . Buchholz allowed four runs and five hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking one . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Alexei Ramirez walked , stole second , took third on a wild pitch and scored on Dunn 's homer . Dunn led off the second with his 21st homer , a drive into the second row of the right - field seats . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the second , but Carroll grounded out .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Jon Singleton had a big day at the plate for the Houston Astros . Singleton homered and drove in four runs , Marwin Gonzalez had a three - run triple and the Astros beat the Texas Rangers 12 - 7 on Tuesday night . Singleton had three hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in four runs for the Astros , who have won four of five . Singleton had three hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in four runs . Adrian Beltre also homered for the Astros , who have won four of five . Houston starter Miles Mikolas ( 0 - 1 ) allowed a career - high nine runs and 12 hits in 3 1/3 innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Alex Rios had two hits , including a solo homer , and drove in a run for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Houston starter Jarred Cosart ( 9 - 6 ) allowed six runs and nine hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked two . Houston starter Scott Baker gave up three runs and three hits in 3 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander struck out two and walked two . The Rangers scored six runs in the second inning to take a 6 - 0 lead . Singleton led off with a double and scored on a single by Enrique Hernandez . Gonzalez followed with a run - scoring double to make it 6 - 0 . Presley 's solo homer in the fifth made it 10 - 6 .
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting for the Washington Nationals to get back to .500 . Ryan Zimmerman hit a tiebreaking RBI single in the eighth inning , and the Nationals beat the Chicago Cubs 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Tyler Clippard ( 6 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth for his 21st save in 23 chances . Denard Span led off the eighth with a double off Pedro Strop ( 1 - 4 ) and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's two - out single to right . Ryan Sweeney followed with a single , but Rafael Schierholtz was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second . Cubs starter Jake Arrieta gave up one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . Washington starter Jordan Zimmermann allowed seven hits in six scoreless innings , striking out five and walking one . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on Starlin Castro 's sacrifice fly . Washington tied it in the seventh on a two - out single by Anthony Rizzo . Washington tied it in the bottom of the inning on Ryan Zimmerman 's two - out RBI single off Drew Storen , who was making his major league debut . Storen gave up a run - scoring single to Ryan Zimmerman in the eighth , but the Cubs could n't hold the lead . Washington had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Brian Desmond grounded into a double play to end the threat . Washington tied it in the bottom of the seventh when Chris Coghlan led off with a double and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's single .
ATLANTA -- Arizona manager Kirk Gibson was n't surprised to see Wade Miley pitch for the first time in more than a month . Miley pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Paul Goldschmidt hit a two - run homer and the Diamondbacks beat the Atlanta Braves 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Miley ( 4 - 6 ) gave up five hits and one run in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Addison Reed pitched the ninth for his 20th save . Alex Wood ( 6 - 7 ) gave up two runs and three hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out two . Paul Goldschmidt put the Diamondbacks ahead 2 - 0 in the third with a two - run homer off Alex Wood . Atlanta cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the fourth on Chris Johnson 's run - scoring single . Chris Johnson 's RBI single in the fourth cut the lead to 2 - 1 . Chris Johnson 's RBI single in the fourth cut the lead to 2 - 1 , but Goldschmidt hit a two - run homer in the third to give the Diamondbacks a 2 - 0 lead . Goldschmidt hit a two - run homer off Wood in the third , his 14th of the season . Arizona cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Chris Johnson , who was thrown out trying to stretch his hit into a double . Goldschmidt 's homer in the third gave the Diamondbacks a 2 - 0 lead . Goldschmidt hit a two - run homer off Wood in the third , his third of the season .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Garrett Richards pitched into the eighth inning and Albert Pujols had two hits and drove in two runs , leading the Los Angeles Angels to a 6 - 1 victory over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . Garrett Richards ( 10 - 2 ) allowed one run and six hits in 7 1/3 innings , striking out a season - high 11 for the Angels , who have won four of five . Kole Calhoun had three hits , including a solo homer , and drove in a run for the Astros , who have won four of five . Houston starter Collin McHugh ( 4 - 8 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in four - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Angels scored three runs in the third inning to take a 3 - 0 lead . Albert Pujols hit a two - run single and Josh Hamilton followed with a run - scoring fielder 's choice . McHugh ( 4 - 8 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in four - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . Calhoun homered in the seventh off David Martinez to make it 4 - 1 . The Angels added a run in the eighth on Howie Kendrick 's run - scoring fielder 's choice . Howie Kendrick drove in a run with a bases - loaded grounder in the eighth , and Carlos Corporan drove in a run with an infield hit in the eighth . Corporan had an RBI single in the seventh for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Houston has lost six of seven .
ST. LOUIS -- The Miami Marlins had a chance to take the lead in the ninth inning . Casey McGehee hit a two - out , two - run single and scored on pinch - hitter Jeff Baker 's single to lead the Miami Marlins to a 6 - 5 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Miami has won four of five . The Marlins have won four of five . Miami has won four of five . The Marlins have won five of six and are 5 - 1 against St. Louis this season . Christian Yelich hit a three - run homer in the sixth for St. Louis , which has lost three of four . Allen Craig hit a two - run homer and Jhonny Peralta added a solo shot for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Cardinals starter Shelby Miller gave up three runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out one . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Yelich 's two - out , three - run homer off Andrew Heaney . Yelich hit a three - run homer in the sixth to make it 4 - 1 . Craig hit a solo homer in the fourth to make it 5 - 1 . Craig hit a two - out solo homer in the fourth to make it 5 - 1 . Craig hit a two - out solo homer in the fourth to make it 5 - 1 . Craig hit a two - out solo homer in the fourth to make it 5 - 1 . Craig hit a two - out homer in the fourth to make it 5 - 1 .
MIAMI -- The Philadelphia Phillies had a chance to score in the bottom of the ninth inning on a wild pitch by Steve Cishek ( 4 - 4 ) , and the Phillies rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the Miami Marlins on Tuesday night . The Phillies took a 4 - 3 lead in the eighth when Steve Cishek ( 4 - 4 ) walked Ben Revere and Giancarlo Stanton to lead off the inning . Revere scored on Jeff Baker 's pinch - hit triple off the wall in right - center to give the Phillies a 4 - 3 lead . Jimmy Rollins drove in the go - ahead run with a fielder 's choice , and Casey McGehee had an RBI groundout . Jake Diekman ( 3 - 2 ) gave up two runs in the eighth to get the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his 19th save in 22 chances . The Phillies ' Kyle Kendrick allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Phillies scored three runs in the sixth to take a 3 - 2 lead . Marcell Ozuna led off with a double and scored on Cesar Hernandez 's fielder 's choice . Christian Yelich followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 . Rupp 's two - out , two - run double in the sixth put the Phillies ahead 3 - 2 . Rupp 's two - run double in the sixth put the Phillies ahead 3 - 2 . Rupp 's two - out , two - run double in the sixth gave the Phillies a 3 - 2 lead . The Marlins tied it in the eighth on a run - scoring double by Chase Utley and a run - scoring groundout by Jeff Baker .
HOUSTON -- Seattle manager Lloyd McClendon has been impressed with his team 's recent success . Chris Young allowed two hits in seven innings and the Mariners beat the Houston Astros 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Young ( 8 - 4 ) allowed two runs and two hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Fernando Rodney pitched a perfect ninth for his 24th save . Brad Peacock ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Astros . He struck out six and walked two . Enrique Hernandez hit a solo home run in the fifth for the Astros , who have lost five of six . Logan Morrison hit a two - run double and Kyle Seager had a two - run double in the sixth to push the lead to 5 - 2 . Logan Morrison hit a two - run double and John Buck added an RBI single in the sixth to push the lead to 5 - 2 . Marwin Gonzalez hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Mariners , who have lost five of six . Houston starter Anthony Bass allowed a run and three hits in 1 2/3 innings . He struck out two , walked one and threw a wild pitch . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Morrison 's two - run double and a two - run double by Kyle Seager . The Astros took a 4 - 2 lead in the sixth on a two - run double by Kyle Seager and a two - run double by Logan Morrison . Houston added a run in the seventh on Seager 's RBI single .
SEATTLE -- Bryce Harper has been the Seattle Mariners ' most consistent starter . Harper hit two of Seattle 's four home runs , including a solo shot in the fourth inning , and the Mariners beat the Washington Nationals 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Harper hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a solo shot in the fourth to give the Mariners a 4 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Harper , who hit a two - run shot off Tanner Roark ( 12 - 9 ) to give the Mariners a 4 - 3 lead in the fifth . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Harper , who had been mired in an 0 - for - 18 slump . He also had a solo shot in the third inning off Tanner Roark ( 13 - 6 ) , who allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked none . Iwakuma ( 13 - 6 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked none . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 39th save . Tanner Roark ( 12 - 9 ) allowed four runs and 11 hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Harper hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a solo shot in the fourth to give the Mariners a 4 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Harper , who went 3 - for - 4 with a homer and two RBIs . He has hit safely in all eight of his games against the Nationals this season . The Mariners have lost four of five . Ackley had an RBI single in the third and a three - run homer in the fifth to give the Mariners a 4 - 3 lead . It was his first home run since May 21 , a span of 69 at - bats . Harper hit a solo homer in the third inning and added a solo shot in the fourth . It was his second multihomer game of the season and his first since May 21 . He also hit a two - run shot in the ninth inning of Tuesday 's 3 - 2 win over the Nationals . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Harper .
CHICAGO -- The Cleveland Indians have n't been able to find a way to get back in the AL Central race . Carlos Carrasco pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Jose Abreu had an RBI single and the Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Carrasco ( 6 - 4 ) allowed one run and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Cleveland 's John Danks ( 9 - 9 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Jose Abreu had an RBI single in the third for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Michael Bourn had three hits and scored a run for Chicago , which has lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jose Abreu 's RBI single . Jose Abreu 's RBI single in the third gave the Indians a 1 - 0 lead . The White Sox tied it in the third on Jason Kipnis ' two - out RBI single . The White Sox tied it in the sixth . Alexei Ramirez led off with a single , stole second and went to third on catcher Roberto Perez 's throwing error . Michael Brantley followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 1 . The White Sox tied it in the seventh on Adam Eaton 's two - out single and Dayan Viciedo 's sacrifice bunt . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Allen struck out Carlos Santana to end the threat .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Madison Bumgarner pitched a one - hitter for his first career no - hitter , and the San Francisco Giants beat the Colorado Rockies 3 - 0 on Friday night . Bumgarner ( 15 - 9 ) struck out a career - high 13 in his first complete game of the season , and Buster Posey hit a pair of two - run homers for the Giants , who have won five of six . Bumgarner has a career - high 13 strikeouts in his last two outings . The right - hander struck out a career - high 13 and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Buster Posey hit a pair of two - run homers for the Rockies , who have won four of five . San Francisco has won five of six and is a season - high 16 games over .500 . The Rockies have won 10 of their last 13 games against the Rockies , who have the best record in the majors at 21 - 11 . The Rockies have lost six of seven and are a season - high 16 games over .500 . The Rockies have lost seven of their last 10 games . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost seven of their last 10 games . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Jorge De La Rosa ( 13 - 9 ) allowed two runs -- two earned -- and four hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked two . Jorge De La Rosa struck out five in five innings for the Rockies . He allowed two runs and four hits .
PHILADELPHIA -- Darin Ruf hit a solo homer in the eighth inning and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Cole Hamels allowed three runs and eight hits in seven innings for the Phillies , who have won five of six . Freddy Galvis hit a two - run homer for the Nationals , who have lost five of six . Asdrubal Cabrera hit a solo homer in the eighth for the Nationals , who have lost five of six . Ken Giles ( 3 - 1 ) struck out the side in the eighth for the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched a perfect ninth for his 33rd save in 37 chances . The Phillies have lost three straight and six of seven . Tyler Clippard ( 7 - 3 ) took the loss , allowing a run in the eighth . Nationals starter Gio Gonzalez gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Nationals took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth . Grady Sizemore led off with a single and Galvis followed with a drive into the left - field seats for a 2 - 0 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Hamels this season . Wilson Ramos ' RBI single in the seventh cut it to 3 - 2 , but Ruf hit a solo homer in the eighth to make it 3 - all . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the sixth . Anthony Rendon led off with a double and scored on Kevin Frandsen 's single to right . Hamels allowed three runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one .
TORONTO -- Yoenis Cespedes hit a tiebreaking single in the 10th inning , and the Boston Red Sox beat the Toronto Blue Jays 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Yoenis Cespedes hit a run - scoring single off Aaron Sanchez ( 2 - 1 ) with two outs in the bottom half , and Edwin Encarnacion hit a two - out , two - run double off Koji Uehara ( 6 - 4 ) . Koji Uehara ( 6 - 4 ) got two outs for the win , and Craig Breslow got three outs for his first save of the season . Dustin Pedroia hit a two - run homer and Mookie Betts also went deep for the Red Sox , who have won three of four . Toronto has won six of seven . The Red Sox lost for the seventh time in nine games and fell to .500 for the first time since April 26 . Boston has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Boston has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Boston has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Boston 's J. A. Happ gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Toronto starter Clay Buchholz allowed three runs and four hits in 8 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out four . Toronto 's Jose Reyes led off the ninth with a single , stole second and scored on Adam Lind 's fielder 's choice . Cespedes followed with an RBI single , and Edwin Encarnacion hit a two - out , two - run double off Koji Uehara ( 6 - 4 ) . Koji Uehara ( 6 - 4 ) got the final two outs in the ninth for the win .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The New York Yankees are on their longest winning streak of the season . Jacoby Ellsbury hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning , Michael Pineda pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Yankees beat the Kansas City Royals 8 - 1 on Tuesday night . Derek Jeter had a pair of RBI singles and Mike Moustakas hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot in the third inning off James Shields ( 12 - 7 ) . Ellsbury had three hits , including a two - run homer in the ninth . Pineda ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Martin Prado homered and Ichiro Suzuki had two hits and scored two runs for the Yankees . Stephen Drew also homered for the Royals , who have lost six of seven . Shields ( 12 - 7 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Yankees scored in the third when Ichiro Suzuki led off with a single , stole second and scored on Jeter 's groundout . Ellsbury 's two - run homer in the ninth gave New York a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Shields this season . The Yankees added a run in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Brian McCann . Ellsbury added a two - run homer in the ninth . It was the first home run allowed by Shields this season . It was the third time this season the Royals have hit back - to - back home runs . The Royals have scored at least 10 runs in each of their past seven games .
DENVER -- Nolan Arenado and Michael McKenry helped the Colorado Rockies to a 7 - 4 victory over the Miami Marlins on Tuesday night . Arenado hit a two - run homer in the first inning and McKenry connected in the second to give the Rockies a 3 - 0 lead . It was McKenry 's first home run of the season . He also drew a bases - loaded walk in the second . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Nolan Arenado , who was hit by a pitch from Brad Hand ( 2 - 6 ) . McKenry hit a solo homer in the first , his first of the season . The Rockies took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Drew Stubbs and a run - scoring single by Christian Bergman ( 1 - 2 ) , who allowed four runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . Hand ( 2 - 6 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Arenado hit a two - run homer and DJ LeMahieu followed with a two - run double to make it 5 - 2 . Bergman ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out one and walked two . LaTroy Hawkins pitched the ninth for his 20th save in 22 chances . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by McKenry and a two - run shot by Arenado .
NEW YORK -- Brian McCann and the New York Yankees have been waiting for the long ball . Brian McCann hit a three - run homer with two outs in the bottom of the 10th inning , lifting the Yankees to a 7 - 4 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Carlos Beltran drew a one - out walk in the 10th against Jake Petricka ( 0 - 3 ) , and Chase Headley drew a one - out walk . Carlos Beltran walked to load the bases and McCann hit a 1 - 1 pitch into the right - field seats for his first career game - ending homer . David Huff ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 10th to earn the win . Yankees starter Chris Sale allowed four runs -- three earned -- and four hits in six innings . The right - hander struck out seven and walked three . Conor Gillaspie hit a two - run homer in the sixth , and Alexei Ramirez and Avisail Garcia also went deep for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost six of seven . They dropped to 2 - 6 on their 10 - game homestand . The White Sox have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Yankees this season . The White Sox have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Yankees this season . The White Sox have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Yankees this season . The White Sox have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Yankees this season .
PHILADELPHIA -- Matt Carpenter drove in the go - ahead run with a sacrifice fly in the 12th inning , lifting the St. Louis Cardinals to a 6 - 5 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Matt Carpenter drove in the go - ahead run with a sacrifice fly in the 12th inning , and the Cardinals beat the Phillies 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Matt Carpenter had a two - run single in the eighth and Marlon Byrd had a two - run single off Ken Giles ( 2 - 1 ) to give the Cardinals a 5 - 2 lead in the eighth . Trevor Rosenthal pitched a perfect 12th for his 38th save in 41 tries . The Phillies scored three runs in the sixth to take a 5 - 2 lead . Carlos Ruiz had a two - run double and Jhonny Peralta homered for the Cardinals , who have won five of six . Howard hit his 22nd homer in the sixth to cut the Phillies ' lead to 5 - 3 . The Phillies tied it at 5 in the eighth on a two - run single by Matt Carpenter and a two - run single by Matt Carpenter . Seth Maness ( 5 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Randy Choate gave up a two - run single to Matt Carpenter in the eighth , but the Phillies rallied in the bottom half . Daniel Descalso led off with a walk and went to third on Jimmy Rollins ' single to right . Descalso scored on Marlon Byrd 's two - run single to tie it at 5 . Chase Utley reached on a one - out single and scored on Matt Carpenter 's sacrifice fly . The Phillies tied it at 5 on Ryan Howard 's solo homer in the sixth . Cardinals starter David Buchanan gave up two runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out none .
LOS ANGELES -- Dan Haren pitched seven strong innings , Curtis Granderson homered and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the New York Mets 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Haren ( 11 - 10 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings , struck out six and walked none . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last five starts . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games , and the Mets have won six of their last seven . The Mets have lost five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Mets have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Mets have lost five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Mets have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Mets scored in the third on a two - out single by David Wright , but the Mets tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Dee Gordon . The Mets tied it in the bottom half on Matt Kemp 's two - out , two - run double off Jonathon Niese ( 7 - 9 ) , who gave up five runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three .
PHILADELPHIA -- Cole Hamels ( 7 - 6 ) allowed three runs and nine hits in five innings to lead the Philadelphia Phillies to a 4 - 3 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . Hamels ( 3 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in four innings . He struck out five and walked two . Hamels ( 7 - 6 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked one . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his 30th save . James Paxton ( 3 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in four innings . He struck out five and walked two . Kendrys Morales homered for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Seattle took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning on Logan Morrison 's RBI double and Ben Revere 's run - scoring groundout . The Phillies tied it in the fourth on Jimmy Rollins ' two - out double and a run - scoring single by Logan Morrison . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Marlon Byrd 's RBI single . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Kyle Seager walked , stole second and scored on Marlon Byrd 's two - out single . The Phillies tied it in the fourth on an RBI double by Logan Morrison and a run - scoring single by Chase Utley . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Marlon Byrd . The Phillies tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Morrison .
WASHINGTON -- Stephen Strasburg and the Washington Nationals are on a roll . Strasburg allowed one run over eight innings , Ian Desmond had three hits and drove in four runs and the Nationals beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 8 - 1 on Tuesday night . Strasburg ( 10 - 10 ) allowed one run and three hits in eight innings . He struck out four and walked one . Anderson ( 7 - 5 ) gave up six runs and six hits in two - plus innings . He walked three and struck out two . David Peralta hit a solo home run in the first inning for the Diamondbacks , who have lost five of six . Cabrera 's two - out , two - run single in the sixth gave the Nationals a 8 - 1 lead . Jayson Werth had three hits and drove in a run for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Strasburg ( 10 - 10 ) allowed one run and three hits in eight innings . He struck out four and walked one . Washington 's Eury De La Rosa gave up two runs and five hits in four innings . He struck out four and walked two . Eury De La Rosa gave up two runs and five hits in four innings for Arizona . He struck out four and walked two . Eury De La Rosa gave up two runs and five hits in four innings for the Diamondbacks . He struck out four and walked two . Desmond 's two - run single in the third gave the Nationals a 6 - 1 lead . Werth had three hits , including a two - run single in the sixth that made it 8 - 1 .
DENVER -- Drew Stubbs hit a three - run homer with two outs in the ninth inning to lift the Colorado Rockies to a 10 - 9 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . It was the first game - ending homer of the season for Stubbs , who hit a three - run homer in the ninth inning to give the Rockies a 9 - 3 win over the Reds on Tuesday night . Stubbs had three hits , including a three - run homer off J. J. Hoover ( 1 - 9 ) in the ninth . Jay Bruce had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Zack Cozart added a two - run single for the Rockies , who have won six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Cincinnati 's Mat Latos gave up three runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out seven , walked three and hit a batter . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run homer by Charlie Blackmon and a solo shot by Kristopher Negron . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Billy Hamilton led off with a double and scored on Zack Cozart 's single . Arenado followed with an RBI single to make it 5 - 3 . Dickerson 's solo homer in the sixth made it 4 - 3 , and Bruce 's two - run shot in the fourth made it 6 - 3 .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Mike Carp and the Texas Rangers finally got a chance to win it . Carp had a pinch - hit single in the bottom of the ninth inning , and the Rangers rallied to beat the Los Angeles Angels 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Carp 's pinch - hit single in the bottom of the ninth gave the Rangers a 2 - 1 lead , and Adam Rosales followed with an RBI single to tie the game . Street ( 1 - 1 ) came on in the bottom of the ninth and gave up a single to Adrian Beltre , who scored on a single by Adam Rosales . Street ( 1 - 1 ) came on in the bottom of the ninth and gave up a single to Alex Rios and a walk to Adrian Beltre . Adam Rios followed with an RBI single to tie the game at 2 , and Carp drove a 2 - 0 pitch into the left - field seats . Neftali Feliz ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Texas has won four of five . The Angels have lost four of five . The Angels , who have lost four of five , fell to 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost four of five . The Angels have lost four of five . The Angels have lost four of five . Angels starter Nick Tepesch gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out one . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the second when Kole Calhoun drove in a run with a groundout .
ST. LOUIS -- The St. Louis Cardinals have n't been able to do much this season . Lance Lynn pitched six strong innings , Will Venable drove in the go - ahead run and the Cardinals beat the San Diego Padres 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Lynn ( 13 - 8 ) allowed one run and six hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Cardinals have won four of their last five games . Pat Neshek worked the ninth for his fourth save . Tyson Ross ( 11 - 11 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings for San Diego . He walked four and struck out two . The Padres scored twice in the first inning off Tyson Quentin . Kolten Wong had an RBI single and Will Venable an RBI double to cut the deficit to 3 - 1 . Jhonny Peralta had a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the first and a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the fourth . Will Venable 's RBI double in the fifth cut the Cardinals ' lead to 3 - 1 . It was the first time this season the Padres had scored at least three runs in a game . The Padres scored twice in the first on a run - scoring double by Matt Adams and a run - scoring double by Kolten Wong . The Padres added a run in the fourth on an RBI double by Will Venable and a run - scoring single by Jhonny Peralta . San Diego cut the lead to 3 - 1 in the fifth on a run - scoring double by Jhonny Peralta , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a triple .
MIAMI -- Aaron Hill hit a two - run homer in the first inning , Trevor Cahill pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the Miami Marlins 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cahill ( 3 - 8 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . Addison Reed pitched a perfect ninth for his 29th save in 34 chances . Brad Hand ( 2 - 5 ) allowed three runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked two . Cliff Pennington and Aaron Hill hit back - to - back home runs in the first inning to give the Marlins a 2 - 0 lead . Hill hit a two - run homer in the first inning , and Garrett Jones drove in a run with a single in the fourth . The Diamondbacks scored three runs in the first inning to take a 3 - 0 lead . Mark Trumbo led off with a double and scored on Giancarlo Stanton 's single . Hill followed with a two - run homer , his third of the season , to make it 2 - 0 . The Marlins answered with three runs in the bottom half . Christian Yelich led off with a double and scored on a single by Garrett Jones , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a triple . Hill hit a two - run homer in the first for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Cahill ( 3 - 8 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Marlins scored three runs in the first inning off Brad Hand ( 2 - 5 ) , who allowed three runs and five hits in seven innings .
DETROIT -- Nick Castellanos and Travis Snider hit back - to - back home runs in the sixth inning , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Nick Castellanos and Alex Avila also homered for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Nick Hardy hit a go - ahead triple in the fifth , and Victor Martinez added a two - run single in the seventh to make it 8 - 4 . Blaine Hardy ( 2 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Detroit starter Vance Worley ( 5 - 2 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Travis Snider hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Pittsburgh starter Buck Farmer allowed four runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Jordy Mercer 's triple and Russell Martin 's RBI double . Castellanos hit a two - out triple in the third to give the Tigers a 1 - 0 lead . Detroit tied it in the bottom half on Jordy Mercer 's triple and Snider 's two - run homer . The Tigers tied it in the bottom of the inning on a sacrifice fly by Russell Martin . Detroit tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Josh Harrison . The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the inning on a sacrifice fly by Russell Martin . Detroit tied it in the bottom of the inning on Martinez 's two - out RBI triple .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres are on a roll . Rymer Liriano hit a two - run homer and Ian Kennedy pitched six strong innings to lead the Padres to a 5 - 3 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . DJ LeMahieu and Abraham Almonte homered for the Padres , who have won five of six . Kennedy ( 9 - 10 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings , struck out eight and walked two . The right - hander struck out eight and walked two . Joaquin Benoit pitched the ninth for his seventh save in nine chances . Jedd Gyorko had a career - high four hits for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Colorado starter Tyler Matzek ( 2 - 8 ) allowed five runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out a season - high nine and walked two . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Charlie Blackmon 's RBI single . Rene Rivera 's RBI single tied the game at 1 in the third . The Padres tied the game at 1 in the third on Justin Morneau 's RBI double and a two - run homer by Rymer Liriano . The Padres tied the game at 1 in the third on Yasmani Grandal 's sacrifice fly . LeMahieu led off the fifth with a home run to left - center off Tyler Matzek ( 2 - 8 ) . It was LeMahieu 's fourth of the season and second in two games . The Padres tied the game at 3 in the fifth on a two - run homer by Rymer Liriano . It was the second time this season the Rockies have hit back - to - back home runs . Colorado tied the game at 1 in the third on Rene Rivera 's RBI single .
CHICAGO -- Kyle Hendricks did n't have his best stuff . The right - hander took a no - hitter into the eighth inning , Anthony Rizzo homered and the Chicago Cubs beat the Milwaukee Brewers 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Hendricks ( 4 - 1 ) allowed six hits , struck out five and walked one in 7 1/3 innings . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last five starts . Hendricks is the first Cubs pitcher to win his first four decisions in a season since Dwight Gooden in 1988 , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Hendricks is the first Cubs pitcher to win his first four decisions in a season since Dwight Gooden in 1988 , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Hendricks is the first Cubs pitcher to win his first four decisions in a season since Dwight Gooden in 1988 , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Hendricks is the first Cubs pitcher to win his first four decisions in a season since Dwight Gooden in 1988 , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Hendricks is the first Cubs pitcher to win his first four decisions in a season since Dwight Gooden in 1988 , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Hendricks is the first Cubs pitcher to win his first four decisions in a season since Dwight Gooden in 1988 , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Hendricks is the first Cubs pitcher to win his first four decisions in a season since Dwight Gooden in 1988 , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Hendricks is the first Cubs pitcher to win his first four decisions in a season since Dwight Gooden in 1988 , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Hendricks is the first Cubs pitcher to win his first four decisions in a season since Dwight Gooden in 1988 , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Hendricks is the first Cubs pitcher to win his first four decisions in a season since Dwight Gooden in 1988 , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Hendricks is the first Cubs pitcher to win his first four decisions in a season since Dwight Gooden in 1988 , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Hendricks is the first Cubs pitcher to win his first four decisions in a season since Dwight Gooden in 1988 , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Hendricks is the first Cubs pitcher to win his first four decisions in a season since Dwight Gooden in 1988 , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Hendricks is the first Cubs pitcher to win his first four decisions in a season since Dwight Gooden in 1988 , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Hendricks is the first Cubs pitcher to win his first four decisions in a season since Dwight Gooden in 1988 , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Hendricks is the first Cubs pitcher to win his first four decisions in a season since Dwight Gooden in 1988 , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Hendricks is the first Cubs pitcher to win his first four decisions in a season since Dwight Gooden in 1988 , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Hendricks is the first Cubs pitcher to win his first four decisions in a season since Dwight Gooden in 1988 , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Hendricks is the first Cubs pitcher to win his first four decisions in a season since Dwight Gooden in 1988 , according to the Elias Sports Bureau .
ATLANTA -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are on their longest winning streak of the season . Carl Crawford had three hits and drove in two runs , Kevin Correia pitched six strong innings and the Dodgers beat Julio Teheran and the Atlanta Braves 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Correia ( 6 - 13 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings , striking out five and walking one . The right - hander is 6 - 0 in his last eight starts against the Braves , including a 1 - 0 win over the Dodgers in his last start . Correia ( 6 - 13 ) gave up four hits and one run in six innings , striking out five and walking one . The right - hander is 6 - 0 in his last seven starts , including a 1 - 0 record at Turner Field . The right - hander , who began the season on the disabled list with a strained right elbow , has allowed two runs or less in five of his last six starts . Julio Teheran ( 10 - 9 ) gave up nine hits and five runs in 7 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out six . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Emilio Bonifacio led off with a single , stole second and scored on Adrian Gonzalez 's single . Justin Upton 's RBI single in the bottom half gave the Dodgers a 1 - 0 lead . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Puig 's two - base throwing error and Crawford 's RBI single . Crawford had an RBI single in the sixth and a run - scoring single in the eighth .
HOUSTON -- Texas Rangers manager Ron Washington wanted to keep his team in the AL wild - card race after the Astros beat the Houston Astros 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Adrian Beltre and Shin-Soo Choo homered , and Nick Martinez ( 2 - 8 ) allowed two runs and five hits in five innings to win his second straight start . The right - hander struck out six , walked two and threw 102 pitches in five innings . Texas starter Dallas Keuchel ( 10 - 8 ) gave up five runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked three . Texas took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a sacrifice fly by Jason Castro and a sacrifice fly by Chris Carter . The Rangers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Alex Rios and a sacrifice fly by Elvis Andrus . Beltre led off the sixth with a solo homer to make it 6 - 2 . Choo led off the seventh with his 22nd homer to make it 6 - 2 . Martinez ( 2 - 8 ) allowed two runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI fielder 's choice by Jason Castro . The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Chris Carter . Texas took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Jason Castro and a run - scoring single by Elvis Andrus . The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Chris Carter .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- The Tampa Bay Rays are on their longest winning streak of the season . Jeremy Hellickson pitched seven strong innings , Kevin Kiermaier hit a two - run homer and the Rays beat the Oakland Athletics 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Hellickson ( 1 - 1 ) allowed one run and two hits , struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Eric Sogard homered and drove in a run for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Gray ( 12 - 5 ) gave up a season - high seven runs and 10 hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . Desmond Jennings hit a two - run single and Ben Zobrist had three hits and drove in a run for the Rays , who have won three of their last four . Tampa Bay has won four of five . The A 's have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games ahead of the A 's for the second AL wild - card spot . The A 's have lost six of seven . The A 's have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games ahead of the A 's for the second AL wild - card spot . The A 's have lost six of seven . The A 's have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games ahead of the A 's for the second AL wild - card spot .
NEW YORK -- Brian McCann and the New York Yankees took advantage of Justin Verlander 's pitch count . Brian McCann hit a tiebreaking homer in the seventh inning and the Yankees beat the Detroit Tigers 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 10 - 10 ) allowed two runs -- two earned -- and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Adam Warren ( 2 - 5 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win and Blaine Hardy gave up a run - scoring single to Brian McCann in the eighth . Chase Headley homered for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Verlander ( 10 - 10 ) allowed two runs -- two earned -- and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Miguel Cabrera 's sacrifice fly , but the Tigers tied it in the bottom half on Chase Headley 's second homer of the season . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jacoby Ellsbury led off with a single , stole second and scored on a wild pitch . Yankees starter Chris Capuano allowed an unearned run and five hits in 6 2 - 3 innings . He struck out eight and walked one . New York 's Mark Teixeira hit an RBI single off Blaine Hardy in the eighth , and McCann added a run - scoring infield hit in the eighth to make it 3 - 1 . Shane Greene ( 1 - 1 ) got the last out in the eighth for the Yankees , who have won four of five .
SAN DIEGO -- San Diego 's Will Venable hit a game - ending RBI single with one out in the 12th inning , lifting the San Diego Padres to a 3 - 2 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . Yangervis Solarte drew a one - out walk from Kimbrel ( 0 - 3 ) in the 12th , advanced on a sacrifice and scored on Will Venable 's single to right . Will Venable singled in Yangervis Solarte to give the Padres a 2 - 1 lead . Tim Stauffer ( 3 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Dale Thayer , Joaquin Benoit and Anthony Varvaro combined for 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief for the Padres , who have won four of five . Padres starter Ian Kennedy gave up one run and two hits in five innings , struck out seven and walked five . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on Freddie Freeman 's RBI double , but the Padres tied it in the bottom half on Chris Johnson 's two - out RBI single . The Braves tied it at 1 in the bottom half on a two - out single by Chris Johnson . The Braves tied it at 1 in the bottom half on a two - out single by Chris Johnson . The Braves tied it at 1 in the bottom of the seventh on a two - out single by Tommy Medica . The Braves tied it at 1 in the bottom of the seventh on an RBI single by Chris Johnson . The Braves tied it at 1 in the bottom of the seventh on Chris Rivera 's two - out single . The Braves tied the game at 1 in the bottom of the seventh on an RBI single by Chris Johnson .
CLEVELAND -- The Cleveland Indians have n't had a winning record since the All-Star break . The Indians have n't been able to do much this season . The Indians have won the first two games of the three - game series , and the Rangers have won the first two games of the three - game series . The Rangers have won the first two games of the four - game series . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost six of seven . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost six of seven . Cleveland 's Miles Mikolas ( 1 - 4 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . The right - hander struck out six and walked two . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth . Carlos Santana drew a one - out walk and Nick Swisher followed with an RBI single . Lonnie Chisenhall 's RBI single made it 2 - 0 , and Kipnis ' throwing error on a potential inning - ending double - play grounder by Jason Kipnis gave the Rangers a 2 - 0 lead . Scott Atchison ( 4 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . Cody Allen pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 15 chances . The Rangers have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the AL Central-leading White Sox . The Rangers have lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost five of six and are 2 1/2 games behind first - place Detroit in the AL Central . The Rangers have lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost six of seven .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- The Kansas City Royals are doing their best to keep the Oakland Athletics in the thick of the AL Central . Jeremy Guthrie pitched three - hit ball over six innings , Raul Ibanez homered and the Royals beat the Oakland Athletics 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Guthrie ( 7 - 9 ) allowed three hits , struck out six and walked two . Greg Holland pitched the ninth for his 30th save . Gray ( 12 - 4 ) allowed only three hits and one run in seven innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The A 's lost for the seventh time in eight games . Raul Ibanez homered for the A 's , who have lost five of six . Oakland has lost six of seven . The A 's lost for the seventh time in nine games and fell to 1 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . Oakland has lost six of seven . The A 's have lost six of seven and are 1 - 4 on their current 10 - game road trip . The A 's lost their fourth straight game and fell to 1 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . A 's starter Sonny Gray ( 12 - 4 ) gave up one run and three hits in seven innings , struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The A 's have lost five of their last six games . Ibanez hit a solo homer in the fifth off Gray , who allowed just three hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked none .
CLEVELAND -- The Cleveland Indians are starting to feel good about themselves . David Murphy had four hits , including a two - run double , and Mike Aviles drove in three runs to lead the Indians to a 12 - 2 win over the Texas Rangers on Tuesday night . The Indians have won five of six and have the worst record in the majors . David Murphy had a career - high four hits , including a two - run double , and Lonnie Chisenhall also homered for the Indians , who have won four of five . Cleveland 's Jerome Williams ( 2 - 5 ) gave up a career - high 10 runs and 13 hits in four - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The right - hander allowed a season - high 10 hits and walked three . The right - hander has lost his last three starts and is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Indians have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . The Rangers have lost six of seven . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost six of seven . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost six of seven . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost seven of their last 10 games . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost seven of their last 10 games . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost six of their last seven .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Atlanta Braves have been waiting for the Atlanta Braves to get back to the playoffs . Luis Avilan pitched two scoreless innings and Craig Kimbrel got the final three outs for his major league - leading 47th save in a 2 - 1 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Atlanta 's Cole Hamels ( 9 - 9 ) gave up two runs and three hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Emilio Bonifacio led off the game with a home run and Freddie Freeman drove in a run with a single to give the Braves a 2 - 0 lead in the first . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Phil Gosselin 's two - out walk and Freddie Freeman 's RBI single . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Chris Johnson led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch . Freddie Freeman followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 . Luis Avilan ( 4 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Hamels ( 9 - 9 ) gave up two runs and three hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Phillies jumped on Hamels for two runs in the first . Freddy Galvis led off with a double and scored on Freddie Freeman 's two - out single to right . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Bonifacio 's leadoff homer and Freddie Freeman 's RBI single . Bonifacio led off the game with a single , stole second and scored on Freddie Freeman 's single .
DETROIT -- Eduardo Escobar and the Minnesota Twins have been waiting for the Detroit Tigers to find a way to win . Escobar had four hits , including a grand slam , and drove in six runs to lead the Twins to a 12 - 3 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . The Twins have won four of five . Escobar hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a two - run single in the fifth to give the Twins a 6 - 1 lead . Escobar hit a two - out , two - run homer in the eighth to give the Twins a 12 - 2 lead . It was the first time the Twins had scored at least six runs in a game this season . Escobar hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the fifth . Escobar hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the fifth . Escobar hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the fifth . Escobar hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the fifth . Escobar hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the fifth . Escobar hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the fifth . Escobar hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the fifth . Escobar hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the fifth . Escobar hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the fifth . Escobar hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the fifth . Escobar hit a two - run homer in the eighth , and Escobar added a sacrifice fly in the eighth . Ricky Nolasco ( 6 - 12 ) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . Kyle Lobstein ( 1 - 2 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings for the Tigers . He struck out four and walked two .
PHILADELPHIA -- Jonathan Papelbon got the last three outs for his 39th save of the season and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Atlanta Braves 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Marlon Byrd drove in the go - ahead run with a groundout in the seventh inning , and Chris Johnson hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Phillies a 4 - 0 lead . Cody Asche had two hits and drove in a run for the Braves . Jordan Walden ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss . Braves starter Ervin Santana gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a run - scoring single by Freddie Freeman and a run - scoring single by Justin Upton . Johnson hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 4 - 0 . Freddy Galvis hit an RBI single in the bottom half to cut it to 4 - 2 . Ben Revere drove in a run with a fielder 's choice grounder in the sixth . Luis Garcia ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless sixth to earn the win . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on Justin Upton 's RBI single . Justin Upton 's RBI single in the first gave the Braves a 2 - 0 lead . Johnson hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Braves a 4 - 0 lead . Johnson 's two - run homer in the fourth made it 2 - 0 . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Asche and a run - scoring single by Justin Upton .
DETROIT -- Victor Martinez and Miguel Cabrera hit back - to - back home runs in the fourth inning , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Minnesota Twins 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Victor Martinez hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Miguel Cabrera added a solo shot in the fourth . Scherzer ( 18 - 5 ) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked four . Joe Nathan pitched a perfect ninth for his 34th save . Trevor May ( 3 - 6 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings for the Twins . He struck out seven and walked one . Victor Martinez hit a two - run homer in the first inning for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer hit a two - run double in the fifth for the Twins , who have lost four of five . The Twins have lost six of seven . Minnesota has lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . Minnesota has lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . Minnesota has lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . Minnesota 's Eduardo Escobar went 0 - for - 4 , ending his career - best hitting streak at 20 games -- longest in the majors this season -- and is hitless in his last 16 at - bats . The Twins have scored only 10 runs in their last six games . Minnesota 's Torii Hunter extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first . He was replaced by Eugenio Suarez in the fifth .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels have been waiting for a long time to get back to the Bay Area . Josh Reddick had two hits and drove in two runs , Hector Santiago pitched three - hit ball into the sixth inning and the Angels beat Jon Lester and the Oakland Athletics 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Howie Kendrick hit a two - run double and Albert Pujols added a sacrifice fly for the Angels , who have won four of five . Angels starter Jon Lester ( 16 - 11 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Huston Street got the final three outs for his major league - leading 41st save in 41 chances . The Angels have won four straight and seven of nine . The Angels have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games ahead of the Los Angeles Angels for the second AL wild - card spot . Santiago ( 6 - 9 ) allowed three hits and two walks in 5 1/3 innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out three , walked two and threw 55 of his 88 pitches for strikes . The right - hander has won his last three starts against the A 's , who have won four of five . The A 's lost for just the second time in their last 10 games at Angel Stadium . The A 's dropped to 1 - 6 on their nine - game West Coast trip and have lost six of their last seven . Lester allowed five runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked none .
CLEVELAND -- The Kansas City Royals have been waiting for a long time in the AL Central . Yordano Ventura pitched seven shutout innings , Alex Gordon and Billy Butler each had two hits and the Royals beat the Cleveland Indians 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Ventura ( 14 - 10 ) allowed four hits in seven innings , struck out six and walked four . The right - hander struck out six , walked four and hit a batter . The right - hander struck out six , walked four and hit a batter . Alex Gordon had two hits and two RBIs for the Royals , who have won four of five . Danny Salazar ( 6 - 8 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . The right - hander struck out eight and walked three . Salvador Perez 's two - run double in the fifth gave the Royals a 5 - 0 lead . Omar Infante hit a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fifth to give the Royals a 5 - 0 lead . Salvador Perez 's two - run double in the seventh gave the Royals a 7 - 0 lead . Kansas City added a run in the eighth on an error by third baseman Mike Aviles and a throwing error by third baseman Jose Ramirez . The Indians have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place Chicago White Sox in the AL Central . The Indians have lost six of their last seven games . The Indians have lost six of their last seven games and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand .
TORONTO -- R. A. Dickey 's knuckleball was n't much better . Edwin Encarnacion and Dalton Pompey homered , R. A. Dickey pitched seven innings and the Toronto Blue Jays beat Felix Hernandez and the Seattle Mariners 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 14 - 12 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out six . Hernandez ( 14 - 6 ) allowed eight runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out five . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jose Reyes led off with a double and scored on Cano 's two - out single . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Encarnacion hit a two - out RBI single , and Pompey led off the bottom half with his first home run of the season . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on Cano 's two - out , two - run single . The Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half on Encarnacion 's RBI single , but the Blue Jays answered with three runs in the bottom half . Encarnacion drew a bases - loaded walk and Encarnacion followed with a bases - loaded walk . Adam Lind followed with an RBI single , and Encarnacion drew a bases - loaded walk to force in a run . Ryan Goins followed with a sacrifice fly , and Encarnacion drew a bases - loaded walk to make it 8 - 2 . Dickey allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out six .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Kyle Gibson has been the Minnesota Twins ' most consistent starter this season . The right - hander pitched seven strong innings , and the Twins beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Gibson ( 13 - 11 ) allowed one run and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the third time this season . The right - hander is tied for the major league lead in wins , and the Twins have won six of their last seven games . The Twins have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place Los Angeles Dodgers in the NL West . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . The Diamondbacks have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place Los Angeles Dodgers in the NL West . The Diamondbacks have lost six of their last seven games . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . Chafin ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in three - plus innings . He struck out five and walked two . Chris Parmelee had a two - run single in the second for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Inciarte had a career - high four hits , including a two - out RBI single in the ninth . Inciarte had a career - high four hits , including a run - scoring single in the ninth . He had a run - scoring single in the ninth .
MIAMI -- Henderson Alvarez did n't need much help from his offense . Alvarez pitched five - hit ball into the eighth inning , and the Miami Marlins beat the Philadelphia Phillies 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Alvarez ( 12 - 6 ) allowed five hits and struck out two in 7 2/3 innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out two and walked one . Steve Cishek pitched the ninth for his 38th save in 41 chances . Cole Hamels ( 9 - 8 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Phillies scored twice in the fourth to take a 1 - 0 lead . Christian Yelich led off with a double and scored on Casey McGehee 's sacrifice fly . Alvarez ( 12 - 6 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked one . The Phillies scored twice in the fourth to take a 1 - 0 lead . Jeff Baker led off with a double and scored on a single by Ed Lucas . Casey McGehee followed with a sacrifice fly to make it 2 - 0 . Hamels allowed two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out four , walked one and hit a batter . Miami 's Ryan Howard went 0 - for - 4 , ending his career - best hitting streak at 14 games -- longest in the majors this season . Howard was 0 - for - 4 in his return to the lineup after missing two games because of a bruised right shoulder . Howard was 0 for 4 with a strikeout .
CHICAGO -- Welington Castillo had a chance to get his first career game - winning hit . Castillo hit a two - out , two - run single with two outs in the 10th inning , lifting the Chicago Cubs to a 4 - 3 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Castillo 's two - out , two - run homer off Pat Neshek ( 7 - 2 ) gave the Cubs a 2 - 0 lead in the second inning . It was Castillo 's second career game - ending homer . Zac Rosscup ( 1 - 0 ) struck out two in a perfect 10th to earn his first major league win . Cubs starter Kyle Hendricks gave up three runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Matt Szczur hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Cardinals starter Shelby Miller allowed three runs and five hits in 4 1/3 innings . The right - hander struck out eight and walked two . The Cardinals took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring groundout by Jon Jay and a two - run homer by Matt Szczur . The Cardinals tied it at 3 in the sixth on a two - run homer by Matt Holliday , but the Cardinals tied it in the bottom half on Jon Jay 's RBI groundout and Castillo 's two - run homer . The Cardinals tied it at 3 in the sixth on a two - run homer by Matt Szczur , his third of the season . The Cubs tied it at 3 in the sixth on Jon Jay 's RBI groundout and Castillo 's two - run homer .
ATLANTA -- The New York Mets are on their longest winning streak of the season . Jacob deGrom struck out 10 in six innings , Anthony Recker drove in three runs and the New York Mets beat the Atlanta Braves 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . deGrom ( 9 - 6 ) allowed two runs , one earned , and three hits in six innings . He struck out 10 , walked three and hit a batter . Ruben Tejada hit a solo homer and drove in two runs for the Braves . Ervin Santana ( 14 - 10 ) gave up five runs , six hits and two walks in five innings for the Braves , who have lost five of six . The Mets have lost five of six . The Mets have lost five of six . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Braves , who began the day with the second - worst record in the majors , lost for only the second time in their last 12 games at Turner Field . New York has lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Braves , who began the day with the second - worst record in the majors , lost for only the second time in their last 12 games at Turner Field . New York has lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven .
NEW YORK -- The New York Yankees are on their longest winning streak since a seven - game slide at Yankee Stadium . Jose Bautista homered and drove in a run , Marcus Stroman pitched six strong innings and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the New York Yankees 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Edwin Encarnacion had three hits and drove in a run for the Blue Jays , who have won four of five . Toronto has won five of six and is a season - high 16 games over .500 . Stroman ( 11 - 6 ) gave up two runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in six innings . He struck out seven and did not walk a batter for the second time this season . Casey Janssen got two outs for his 24th save . Chris Capuano ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs , five hits and four walks in 5 2/3 innings for the Yankees , who have lost five of six . The Blue Jays have lost five of six and are 2 - 7 against the Blue Jays this season . New York has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Blue Jays have lost six of their last seven games . New York has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of their last seven games . New York has lost six of seven .
HOUSTON -- The Seattle Mariners have n't been able to find a way to get back to the postseason . Mike Zunino hit a three - run homer , Taijuan Walker pitched effectively into the sixth inning and the Mariners beat the Houston Astros 10 - 5 on Tuesday night . Kyle Seager hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning and Dustin Ackley added a solo shot in the eighth for the Mariners . Walker ( 2 - 2 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Walker ( 2 - 2 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Brad Peacock ( 4 - 9 ) gave up seven runs -- two earned -- and six hits in 3 1/3 innings for Houston . He walked four and struck out two . Robinson Cano had three hits and drove in a run for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Houston scored in the first inning on a two - out RBI single by Dexter Fowler . The Mariners added a run in the fifth on an RBI single by Jake Marisnick and a run - scoring single by Jonathan Villar . Ackley led off the eighth with his second homer of the game , a solo shot to right field that made it 9 - 3 . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Ackley , who hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning Friday night to give the Mariners a 7 - 2 win over the Astros . Ackley hit a solo homer in the third inning and added a solo shot in the eighth . It was his second multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Zunino hit a three - run homer in the fourth to make it 8 - 1 . It was the first home run allowed by Walker in his last five starts . The Mariners added a run in the fifth on an RBI single by Dexter Fowler and a run - scoring single by Jonathan Villar .
MIAMI -- Gio Gonzalez did n't need much help from the Washington Nationals . Gonzalez allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings to lead the Washington Nationals to a 6 - 2 victory over the Miami Marlins on Tuesday night . Gonzalez ( 9 - 10 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Gonzalez ( 9 - 10 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Marlins have lost six of seven . Brad Hand ( 3 - 8 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked none . The Nationals scored three runs in the fourth to take a 6 - 1 lead . Anthony Rendon led off with a single , stole second and scored on Ian Desmond 's single . Wilson Ramos followed with an RBI double , and Jeff Baker singled in a run to make it 6 - 1 . Jayson Werth 's RBI double in the fifth made it 6 - 1 and chased Hand , who allowed six runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked none and struck out four . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Wilson Ramos and a run - scoring single by Kevin Frandsen . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Asdrubal Cabrera and a run - scoring double by Wilson Ramos . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Kevin Frandsen .
PITTSBURGH -- Gerrit Cole pitched seven strong innings , and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Boston Red Sox 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cole ( 10 - 5 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking none . The right - hander struck out seven and walked none . Mark Melancon pitched the ninth for his 30th save in 32 opportunities . Starling Marte hit a solo home run for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Brandon Workman ( 1 - 10 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in five innings for the Red Sox . He struck out six and walked three . Ike Davis drew a bases - loaded walk in the first inning to give the Pirates a 1 - 0 lead . Mookie Betts ' RBI single in the fourth gave the Pirates a 2 - 1 lead , but Marte 's solo homer in the fifth pushed the lead to 3 - 1 . Marte 's solo homer in the fifth made it 3 - 1 . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Travis Snider drew a one - out walk and scored on a single by Chris Stewart . The Red Sox tied it in the third on a sacrifice fly by Xander Bogaerts . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Travis Snider walked , stole second , took third on a wild pitch and scored on Ike Davis ' bases - loaded walk . Pittsburgh took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Mookie Betts , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a triple .
CHICAGO -- Kyle Hendricks did n't need much run support for the Chicago Cubs . Hendricks pitched seven strong innings , and the Cubs beat the Cincinnati Reds 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Hendricks ( 7 - 2 ) allowed one run and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the third time this season . Hendricks is the first Cubs pitcher to win his first six decisions since Roger Clemens did it in 1988 . Hendricks is the first Cubs pitcher to win his first seven decisions since Roger Clemens did it for the Chicago White Sox in 1988 . Hendricks is the first Cubs pitcher to win his first seven decisions in a season since Roger Clemens did it in 2001 , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Hendricks is the first Cubs pitcher to throw seven innings in a game this season . The Cubs have won five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . They have lost five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Reds have lost six of seven . Daniel Corcino ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and three hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Reds . He walked four and struck out six . The Reds took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Ryan Kalish and a run - scoring double by Yorman Rodriguez . The Cubs tied it in the second on a run - scoring double by Chris Kalish and a run - scoring double by Chris Kalish .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals have been waiting for Lorenzo Cain to hit a home run . Cain hit a three - run homer , Yordano Ventura pitched seven strong innings and the Kansas City Royals beat the Chicago White Sox 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Alcides Escobar and Alexei Ramirez also homered for the Royals , who have won four of five . Ventura ( 13 - 10 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Ventura ( 13 - 10 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking two . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.30 ERA in his past six starts . The Royals have won five of their past six games . The White Sox have lost six of seven . Sale ( 12 - 4 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out six . The White Sox scored four runs in the third inning to take a 5 - 1 lead . Norichika Aoki led off with a single and Lorenzo Cain followed with a three - run homer to right - center off Sale to give the Royals a 5 - 1 lead . It was Cain 's first home run since July 21 , a span of 51 at - bats . Escobar 's solo shot in the fourth made it 5 - 1 , and Cain 's three - run shot in the third gave the Royals a 5 - 1 lead . It was the first home run Sale has allowed in his past 10 starts . The White Sox added a run in the seventh on a throwing error by Ramirez at third base .
PITTSBURGH -- Francisco Liriano did n't need much run support for the Pittsburgh Pirates . Liriano pitched six solid innings , Ike Davis hit a three - run homer and the Pirates beat the Boston Red Sox 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Liriano ( 6 - 10 ) gave up one run and three hits in six innings , walking five and striking out two . The right - hander is 6 - 0 in his past eight starts against the Red Sox , who have lost three of four . The Pirates have won four of five and have won six of their past seven games . Gregory Polanco and Neil Walker homered for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Clay Buchholz ( 8 - 9 ) allowed five runs -- four earned -- and six hits in four innings for the Red Sox , who have lost three of four . The Red Sox scored four runs in the second inning to take a 4 - 0 lead . Barmes hit a two - run double and Josh Harrison followed with a run - scoring single to make it 4 - 0 . Walker led off the third with his 19th homer of the season and second in two days . Davis hit a three - run shot in the fifth to give the Pirates a 9 - 1 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Liriano in his last five starts . Davis hit a three - run homer in the fifth to give the Pirates a 9 - 1 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Buchholz in his last five starts . Davis hit a three - run homer in the fifth to make it 9 - 1 .
SAN DIEGO -- Andrew Cashner pitched a two - hitter for his first career shutout , and the San Diego Padres beat the Philadelphia Phillies 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Cashner ( 4 - 7 ) struck out seven and walked one . He struck out seven and walked one in his second complete game of the season . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 2.20 ERA in his last five starts . Cashner , who was acquired in a trade with the Los Angeles Dodgers in December , struck out seven and walked one . The Phillies have won five of six and have won six of seven . Jerome Williams ( 5 - 7 ) gave up an unearned run and three hits in 7 2/3 innings , struck out six and walked two . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . Cashner ( 4 - 7 ) struck out seven and walked one in his second career shutout . He struck out seven and walked one . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Philadelphia has lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Philadelphia 's Cody Asche was ejected by plate umpire Angel Campos after he was called out on a close play at first base in the second inning . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the second , but Cashner retired the next two batters to end the threat . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Rene Rivera hit a leadoff double and scored on Will Venable 's two - out walk .
NEW YORK -- Jacob deGrom struck out a career - high 13 in seven innings , and the Miami Marlins beat the New York Mets 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Jacob deGrom struck out 13 in seven innings and Travis d'Arnaud hit a tiebreaking double in the seventh to give the Marlins a 6 - 5 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Wilmer Flores hit a two - run double in the first , and Jordany Valdespin had a two - run single in the seventh to give the Mets a 5 - 3 lead . Adeiny Hechavarria had a two - run single off A. J. Ramos , and Jeff Mathis followed with an RBI single to make it 6 - 5 . Murphy ( 2 - 5 ) took the loss , allowing four hits and three runs in one - third of an inning . Sam Dyson ( 3 - 1 ) got the final out in the seventh for the win . Steve Cishek pitched a perfect ninth for his 36th save in 39 chances . New York had won four in a row , including a three - game sweep at the hands of the Mets . New York took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on Wilmer Flores ' two - out , two - run double . New York took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Wilmer Flores ' two - out , two - run double . Wilmer Flores hit a two - run double in the first to give the Mets a 2 - 0 lead . New York took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out , two - run single by Travis d'Arnaud and a two - run double by Wilmer Flores . New York tied it in the seventh on a two - run single by Daniel Murphy and a two - run single by Jordany Valdespin .
PHOENIX -- Mark Trumbo hit a three - run homer in the third inning , and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the San Francisco Giants 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Trumbo hit a three - run homer off Ryan Vogelsong ( 8 - 11 ) in the third inning and added a two - out RBI single in the seventh to give the Diamondbacks a 5 - 1 lead . Miley ( 8 - 11 ) allowed one run and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the third time this season . The Giants have won five of their last six games against the Giants at Chase Field . The Giants have lost six of seven . Vogelsong allowed four runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . Miley ( 8 - 11 ) allowed one run and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the third time this season . The Giants have won five of their last six games . The Giants have lost six of seven . Vogelsong allowed four runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . The Giants scored a run in the seventh on Buster Posey 's run - scoring single off Juan Gutierrez , who gave up a run - scoring double to Cliff Pennington and a run - scoring double to Joe Panik . Evan Marshall gave up a run - scoring triple to Brandon Crawford in the seventh , and Evan Marshall gave up a run - scoring triple to A. J. Pollock in the eighth . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Evan Marshall struck out Cody Ross to end the threat .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals have been waiting for a long time in the past week . Jeremy Guthrie pitched eight innings of three - hit ball , Omar Infante had three hits and drove in two runs , and the Kansas City Royals beat the Boston Red Sox 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Guthrie ( 11 - 11 ) allowed an unearned run and three hits in eight innings . He struck out two and walked one . The Royals have won six of their past eight games and have won seven of their past nine games . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Rubby De La Rosa ( 4 - 7 ) gave up five runs and six hits in four - plus innings for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Rubby De La Rosa gave up five runs and six hits in four innings for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Rubby De La Rosa gave up five runs , five earned , and six hits in four innings for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . The Red Sox scored 2 - 0 in the first inning on a sacrifice fly by Yoenis Cespedes and a run - scoring double by Salvador Perez . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Norichika Aoki and a run - scoring double by Alex Gordon . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Alcides Escobar led off with a single , stole second and scored on Yoenis Cespedes ' sacrifice fly . Omar Infante had three hits and two RBIs for the Royals .
PHILADELPHIA -- Francisco Liriano did n't have his best stuff . Liriano struck out a career - high 12 in eight dominant innings , and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Philadelphia Phillies 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Liriano ( 5 - 10 ) allowed four hits , struck out a season - high 12 and walked two in eight innings to win for the first time in four starts . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last six starts . Liriano has allowed two runs or fewer in four of his last five starts . The Pirates have won five of six and have the worst record in the majors at 21 - 11 . Burnett ( 8 - 16 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Phillies have lost four straight and seven of nine . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Phillies have lost four straight and eight of 10 . They 've lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Phillies have lost four straight and eight of 10 . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Phillies have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand .
SEATTLE -- Jonathan Villar had a big hit for the Houston Astros . Villar hit a tiebreaking single with two outs in the ninth inning and the Astros beat the Seattle Mariners 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Jonathan Villar added a two - out RBI single off Yoervis Medina ( 4 - 3 ) to give the Astros a 2 - 1 lead in the ninth . McHugh ( 9 - 9 ) allowed one run and two hits in eight innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Josh Fields pitched the ninth for his fourth save . Yoervis Medina ( 4 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up two hits and one run in one - third of an inning . The Mariners have lost four of five . Seattle starter Roenis Elias gave up one run and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Mariners had a chance to score in the fourth when Singleton doubled with one out and went to third on a wild pitch . But McHugh struck out Kendrys Morales and Matt Seager to end the threat . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Singleton 's two - out double to left - center that scored Jake Marisnick , who reached on a fielder 's choice . Houston went ahead 1 - 0 in the fourth on Singleton 's two - out double to left - center . Singleton 's RBI double in the fourth gave Houston a 1 - 0 lead . Morrison tied it at 1 in the eighth with his 18th home run of the season , a line drive into the left - field seats .
PHILADELPHIA -- Maikel Franco was n't surprised to see the Philadelphia Phillies ' struggling offense . Maikel Franco drove in the go - ahead run with a single in the seventh inning and the Phillies beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Maikel Franco drove in the go - ahead run with a single off Justin Wilson ( 3 - 4 ) to give the Phillies a 4 - 3 lead in the seventh . Justin De Fratus ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched a scoreless ninth for his 36th save in 41 tries . Galvis had three hits , including a solo homer in the fifth that gave the Phillies a 3 - 2 lead . Russell Martin had two hits and drove in two runs for the Pirates , who have won five of six . Edinson Volquez gave up three runs and six hits in six innings for the Pirates , who have lost five of six . Edinson Volquez gave up three runs and six hits in six innings for the Pirates . He struck out five and walked two . Pittsburgh starter David Buchanan allowed three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jordy Mercer 's two - out RBI double . The Pirates tied it in the second on Martin 's two - out , two - run double . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the second when Galvis led off with a double and scored on Jordy Mercer 's double to right - center . Galvis led off the fifth with a double and scored on Martin 's two - out double to make it 2 - 1 . The Pirates took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Martin 's two - run double .
SEATTLE -- The Seattle Mariners have been waiting for Brad Miller and the Houston Astros to find a way to win . Brad Miller hit a go - ahead , three - run triple in the eighth inning and the Mariners beat the Houston Astros 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Brad Miller hit a go - ahead , two - run triple off Mike Foltynewicz ( 0 - 1 ) in the eighth , and Austin Jackson followed with an RBI single to give the Mariners a 4 - 1 lead . Danny Farquhar ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his major league - leading 44th save . Seattle starter Felix Hernandez allowed five hits and four walks in six innings . He struck out eight , including the side in the sixth . The Astros had runners on second and third with one out in the seventh , but Hernandez struck out Kendrys Morales and Matt Seager to end the threat . The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Rodney struck out Jon Singleton and got Robinson Cano to ground into a game - ending double play . It was the first time the Mariners had scored more than three runs in a game this season . Miller had a two - run triple in the eighth inning to give the Mariners a 3 - 1 lead . Miller had a two - run triple in the eighth to give the Mariners a 3 - 1 lead . Miller added a two - run triple off Tony Sipp in the eighth to give Seattle a 3 - 1 lead . Austin Jackson added an RBI single in the eighth .
CHICAGO -- Gerrit Cole gave the Pittsburgh Pirates a much - needed win . Neil Walker and Jordy Mercer hit two - run homers , Gerrit Cole pitched six strong innings and the Pirates beat the Chicago Cubs 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . Cole ( 8 - 5 ) allowed nine hits and four runs in six innings . He struck out eight and walked none . Neil Walker had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Andrew McCutchen and Mike Olt also went deep for the Pirates , who have won four of five . Cubs starter Travis Wood ( 8 - 12 ) was tagged for seven runs and nine hits in 1 2/3 innings . He struck out a season - high five and walked one . The Pirates scored three runs in the second inning to take a 7 - 0 lead . Neil Walker hit a two - run homer in the second and Jordy Mercer hit a two - run shot in the second for a 5 - 0 lead . It was the first time the Pirates had scored at least 10 runs in a game this season . Mercer hit a two - run homer in the second inning and McCutchen added a solo shot in the second for a 5 - 0 lead . It was the first homer for McCutchen , who hit a two - run shot in the first inning of the Cubs ' 3 - 2 win over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday . The Pirates added two more runs in the fourth on RBI singles by Jose Tabata and Gaby Sanchez and a two - run single by Matt Szczur . Olt 's RBI single in the fifth made it 8 - 1 and chased Wood , who allowed one run and six hits .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Tampa Bay Rays are on their longest winning streak of the season . Nelson Cruz 's RBI single with two outs in the bottom of the ninth inning lifted the Rays to a 3 - 2 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . Drew Smyly allowed one run and four hits in six innings for the Rays , who have won four of five . Chris Davis homered for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore starter Kevin Gausman gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . The right - hander struck out seven and walked four . Brad Boxberger ( 5 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Rays starter Drew Smyly allowed one run and four hits in six innings . The right - hander struck out eight and walked two . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Wil Myers ' two - out RBI single . Baltimore went up 2 - 1 in the third on a sacrifice fly by Evan Longoria . The Rays took a 2 - 1 lead in the third when Ben Zobrist drew a leadoff walk and scored on Wil Myers ' two - out single . The Rays took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a two - out RBI single by Nelson Cruz . The Rays tied it at 1 in the third on a two - out RBI single by Wil Myers . Baltimore went ahead 2 - 1 in the third when Ben Zobrist drew a leadoff walk and scored on Wil Myers ' two - out single to center . Baltimore went ahead 2 - 1 in the third on a two - run homer by Davis .
CINCINNATI -- Johnny Cueto had a lot of success against the New York Mets . Cueto allowed one run in seven innings , Todd Frazier homered and the Cincinnati Reds beat the New York Mets 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Cueto ( 17 - 8 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings , striking out eight and walking two . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 2.23 ERA in his last six starts . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Mets have won five of their last six games . They 've won five of their last six games . The Mets have won five of their last six games . The Mets have won five of their last six games . The Mets have won five of their last six games . The Mets have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . Gee ( 6 - 7 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning on Travis d'Arnaud 's two - out double and a run - scoring single by Dilson Herrera . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on David Wright 's two - out single . Frazier tied it in the bottom half with a one - out homer into the right - field seats . It was his second of the season . Frazier tied it in the bottom of the inning with a one - out drive into the right - field seats on a 1 - 1 pitch from Gee . It was his second of the season . Frazier tied it in the bottom of the inning with a one - out drive into the right - field seats on a 1 - 1 pitch from Gee . It was his second homer of the season and second in two days . Frazier tied it in the bottom of the inning with a solo shot into the right - field seats on a 1 - 1 pitch from Gee . It was his second of the season . Frazier tied it in the bottom of the inning with a two - out homer into the right - field seats on a 1 - 1 pitch from Gee . It was his second homer of the season and first since July 8 .
ST. LOUIS -- Ryan Howard and the St. Louis Cardinals are on a roll . Howard hit his major league - leading 42nd home run , Carlos Martinez won his third straight start and the Cardinals beat the Philadelphia Phillies 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Ryan Howard and Ryan Howard also homered for the Cardinals , who have won three of four . Martinez ( 3 - 0 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked three . Trevor Rosenthal pitched the ninth for his eighth save in nine chances . The Phillies have won four of five . Harang ( 2 - 2 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Ryan Howard hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Phillies , who have lost five of six . The Cardinals have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Phillies have lost four of five . Harang allowed five runs , five earned , and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Odubel Herrera 's two - out RBI single . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Kolten Wong and a run - scoring single by Peter Bourjos .
MIAMI -- The Miami Marlins had a chance to take the lead in the eighth inning . Juan Lagares hit a three - run double and Michael Morse followed with an RBI single to give the Marlins a 4 - 3 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Bryan Morris ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win , and Steve Cishek pitched a scoreless ninth for his second save . Carlos Torres ( 1 - 1 ) walked Martin Prado with one out in the eighth , and Marcell Ozuna singled to load the bases . Michael Morse followed with an RBI single to put the Marlins ahead 4 - 3 . The Mets have won five of their past six games . David Phelps gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Mets starter Rafael Montero allowed three runs -- three earned -- and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Mets took a 3 - 0 lead in the sixth . Dee Gordon led off with a double and scored on a single by Daniel Murphy . Stanton followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 0 . Lagares ' three - run double in the seventh tied the score 3 - 3 , and the Mets tied it in the bottom half on a run - scoring single by J. T. Realmuto and a throwing error by shortstop Curtis Granderson . Mets starter Rafael Montero allowed three runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth on an RBI single by Daniel Murphy .
BALTIMORE -- On a night when the Boston Red Sox got a glimpse of their future , David Ortiz and the Boston Red Sox are n't sure . Ortiz hit a three - run homer , Jimmy Paredes hit a two - run shot and the Red Sox beat the Baltimore Orioles 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Hanley Ramirez also homered for the Red Sox , who trailed 2 - 0 in the fifth inning before rallying for a 7 - 4 victory . The Red Sox took a 4 - 2 lead in the fifth on a three - run homer by Brock Holt and a three - run shot by Ortiz . It was the first home run by a Red Sox player since Ortiz hit a three - run shot in the eighth off Junichi Tazawa . Koji Uehara worked the ninth for his third save . The Red Sox trailed 4 - 3 in the eighth before Chris Davis hit a solo homer off Alexi Ogando ( 1 - 0 ) , who was recalled from Triple-A Norfolk before the game . Matusz ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing an unearned run and a walk in one - third of an inning . Alexi Ogando ( 1 - 0 ) got the final out in the seventh for his first major league win . Rick Porcello gave up four runs and six hits in six innings for the Orioles , who have lost five of six . Baltimore starter Miguel Gonzalez gave up four runs and eight hits in six innings , striking out one and walking one . The Orioles took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Manny Machado led off with a double and scored on a single by Paredes . Ortiz followed with a three - run homer to make it 4 - 2 . Baltimore tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Cabrera .
TORONTO -- The Toronto Blue Jays have been waiting for Manny Machado to come off the disabled list . Machado hit two home runs , including a three - run shot in the ninth inning , and the Blue Jays rallied to beat the Baltimore Orioles 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Machado hit a three - run shot off Miguel Castro in the ninth , and Travis Snider hit an RBI single off Liam Hendriks to make it 7 - 2 . Hutchison ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and four hits in eight innings to win for the first time in four starts . He walked none and struck out seven . Josh Donaldson hit a two - run homer and Kevin Pillar added a two - run double as the Blue Jays won for the fourth time in five games . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Tillman gave up seven runs , five earned , and five hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out three . Tillman ( 2 - 2 ) allowed seven runs , five earned , and five hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out three . Donaldson hit a two - run shot off Tillman in the third , his second homer of the season . Donaldson hit a two - run shot in the third , his 19th , and Pillar added a two - run double in the fourth . Donaldson hit a two - run homer in the third , and Russell Martin added an RBI double in the fifth . Machado hit a two - run homer off Miguel Castro in the ninth .
CHICAGO -- The Kansas City Royals had a chance to take a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the ninth inning , but the Kansas City Royals could n't do much against the White Sox . Eric Hosmer hit a go - ahead double in the 13th inning , and the Royals beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Royals starter Chris Sale allowed two runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out two and walked one . Royals starter Yordano Ventura gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out a season - high eight and walked one . The White Sox , who have lost five of six , tied it at 2 in the bottom of the fifth . Kendrys Morales hit a two - run single and Jose Abreu had an RBI double off Jake Petricka ( 0 - 1 ) to tie it at 2 in the fifth . Alexei Ramirez 's RBI single in the fourth tied it at 1 , but the Royals tied it in the bottom half on Eric Hosmer 's two - out , two - run single . Hosmer had three hits , including a two - run single in the first and a two - run single in the fifth . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Alex Gordon and a two - run single by Jose Abreu . Kansas City tied it in the bottom half on a two - out single by Mike Moustakas , but the White Sox tied it in the bottom half on an RBI double by Salvador Perez and a run - scoring single by Alexei Ramirez .
SEATTLE -- Mike Zunino and the Seattle Mariners have been waiting for a long time . Zunino hit his first home run of the season , J. A. Happ pitched into the eighth inning and the Seattle Mariners beat the Houston Astros 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Mike Zunino hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot off Fausto Carmona ( 0 - 2 ) in the third inning and a solo shot in the seventh . Chris Carter homered off Happ in the seventh to pull the Astros to 3 - 2 . Happ ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his fourth save in four chances . The Astros have lost five of six . The Astros have lost six of seven . The Astros have lost six of seven . The Astros have lost six of seven . The Astros have lost six of seven . The Astros have lost six of seven . The Astros have lost six of seven . The Astros have lost six of seven . The Astros have lost six of seven . The Astros have lost six of seven . The Astros have lost six of seven . The Astros have lost six of seven . The Astros have lost six of seven . The Astros have lost six of seven . The Astros have lost six of seven . The Astros have lost six of seven . The Astros have lost six of seven . The Astros have lost six of seven . The Astros have lost six of seven . The Astros have lost six of seven .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Mike Pelfrey and the Minnesota Twins finally got a win . Pelfrey pitched seven innings of five - hit ball , Brian Dozier had two hits and an RBI and the Twins beat the Kansas City Royals 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Pelfrey ( 1 - 0 ) allowed five hits , struck out four and walked two in his first start of the season . Glen Perkins pitched a perfect ninth for his third save . Jeremy Guthrie ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and six hits in five innings for Kansas City . He walked six and struck out three . Brian Dozier had two hits and an RBI for the Twins , who have lost five of six . The Royals have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . They have lost seven of their past nine games . The Royals have lost six of seven . They have lost six of their past seven games and are 0 - 4 against the Twins this season . The Royals have lost seven of their past nine games and are 0 - 4 against the Twins this season . They are 0 - 4 against the Twins this season . They are 0 - 4 against the Twins this season . The Royals are 0 - 4 in their past seven games . They are 0 - 4 against the Twins this season . The Royals are 0 - 4 in their past seven games . They are 0 - 4 against the Twins this season .
TORONTO -- The Toronto Blue Jays have been waiting for someone to get back on track . Edwin Encarnacion hit two of Toronto 's four home runs , Mark Buehrle pitched six innings and the Blue Jays routed the Orioles 13 - 6 on Tuesday night . Baltimore has won six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore 's Bud Norris ( 0 - 2 ) allowed nine runs and six hits in 2 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked three and struck out two . Jose Bautista hit a two - run homer and Ryan Goins had a two - run single for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . The Blue Jays jumped on Norris for three runs in the second . Donaldson hit an RBI double and Encarnacion followed with his second homer of the game , a drive into the second deck in left . It was the second multihomer game of the season for Encarnacion , who hit a three - run drive in the ninth inning of a 6 - 4 win over the New York Yankees on opening day . The Blue Jays scored six runs in the second inning , including a two - run single by Manny Machado and a two - run single by Kevin Pillar . The Blue Jays added three more in the third . Donaldson hit an RBI double and Encarnacion followed with his second homer of the game , a drive off the facing of the second deck in left . It was the second multihomer game of the season for the Blue Jays , who have scored 10 runs in their past three games . The Blue Jays scored six runs in the second , including a two - run single by Kevin Pillar , and a two - run single by Jose Reyes . Buehrle ( 3 - 0 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out two .
PITTSBURGH -- Gerrit Cole 's first win in nearly a month was a big boost for the Pittsburgh Pirates . Cole allowed two runs and four hits in six innings , Pedro Alvarez homered and the Pirates beat the Milwaukee Brewers 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cole ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs , one earned , and four hits in six innings with six strikeouts and one walk . The right - hander struck out six and walked one . Mark Melancon pitched the ninth for his second save . Matt Garza ( 1 - 2 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game road trip . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game road trip . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game road trip . The Brewers have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game road trip . The Brewers have lost five of six and are 1 - 4 on their nine - game road trip . The Brewers have lost four of five and are 1 - 4 on their nine - game road trip . The Brewers have lost four of five and are 1 - 4 on their nine - game road trip . The Brewers have lost four of five and are 1 - 4 on their nine - game road trip . The Brewers have lost four of five and are 1 - 4 on their nine - game homestand .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros have been waiting for C. J. Cron to come off the disabled list . Cron hit a two - run homer , Scott Feldman pitched six solid innings and the Houston Astros beat the Los Angeles Angels 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Cron hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning and Albert Pujols added a solo shot in the eighth for the Astros . Feldman ( 1 - 2 ) allowed two runs and six hits with three strikeouts and no walks . The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in four of his five starts this season . Luke Gregerson pitched a perfect ninth for his second save . Garrett Richards ( 0 - 1 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- and five hits with four strikeouts in five innings for Los Angeles . He walked four and struck out four . Luis Valbuena hit a two - run homer in the third inning for the Angels , who have lost four of their last five . The Angels have lost five of six . The Angels have lost five of six . The Angels have lost five of six . The Angels have lost five of six . The Angels have lost five of six . The Angels have lost five of six . The Angels have lost four of five . The Angels have lost five of six . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels had a chance to score in the second inning when David Freese led off with a double and scored on a single by Jason Castro to make it 3 - 2 . Cron followed with a two - run homer to left field to make it 2 - 2 . The Astros added a run in the fifth when Jed Lowrie hit a two - out single to right . Butera was charged with an error , but the ball bounced off his glove for an error . Jed Lowrie followed with a sharp single to right field to make it 3 - 2 . Cron followed with a two - run homer to make it 2 - 2 .
ST. LOUIS -- The St. Louis Cardinals have been waiting for someone to get back to the postseason . Jason Heyward and Zack Cozart each hit a home run , Carlos Martinez pitched six strong innings and the Cardinals beat the Cincinnati Reds 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Jason Heyward and Zack Cozart also homered for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Matt Carpenter had two hits and drove in two runs for the Reds . Martinez ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . Trevor Rosenthal pitched the ninth for his fourth save . Homer Bailey ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked three and did n't strike out a batter . Jason Heyward homered for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Cincinnati has lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . Cincinnati has lost four of five . The Reds have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Reds have lost five of six and are 1 - 4 on their nine - game homestand . The Reds have lost four of five . Cincinnati has lost four of five . The Reds have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Reds have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Reds have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Reds have lost four of five .
SAN DIEGO -- Justin Upton and the San Diego Padres have been waiting for the Arizona Diamondbacks . Upton hit a go - ahead homer in the eighth inning and the Padres beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Justin Upton hit a solo homer in the eighth off Randall Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) to give the Padres a 3 - 2 lead . Justin Benoit ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth for his third save . Paul Goldschmidt hit a two - run homer in the first inning for the Diamondbacks , who lost for the fourth time in five games . Arizona starter Brandon Morrow allowed two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Arizona starter Chase Anderson gave up two runs and eight hits in six innings , struck out five and walked one . Anderson allowed two runs and eight hits in six innings , struck out five and walked one . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Matt Kemp and a double by Yonder Alonso . Arizona tied it in the bottom of the second on Goldschmidt 's two - run homer , his third . The Padres tied it at 2 in the bottom of the inning on Matt Kemp 's sacrifice fly . Upton hit a solo homer in the eighth off Randall Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) to give the Padres a 3 - 2 lead . It was his third home run of the season . Arizona tied it at 2 in the sixth on a sacrifice fly by Matt Kemp .
CLEVELAND -- Trevor Bauer had a tough time in his first start against the Chicago White Sox . Bauer struck out eight in six innings , Lonnie Chisenhall hit a two - run double and the Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago White Sox 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Bauer ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . The right - hander struck out eight and walked four . The right - hander struck out eight and walked four . The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . Cody Allen pitched the ninth for his second save . John Danks ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Carlos Santana 's RBI single . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a run - scoring groundout by Michael Bourn and a run - scoring groundout by A. J. Shuck . Chicago took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Lonnie Chisenhall . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI single by A. J. Shuck . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a run - scoring groundout by JB Shuck . The White Sox made it 4 - 0 in the fifth . Jason Kipnis drew a leadoff walk and scored from first on Chisenhall 's double to right . Chisenhall followed with a two - run double to make it 3 - 0 .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago Cubs had a chance to get back into the game in the ninth inning . Jorge Soler hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning , and the Cubs rallied to beat the Cincinnati Reds 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . The Cubs won for the sixth time in seven games and improved to 5 - 0 against the Reds this season . The Reds have won five of six . Soler hit a two - run homer in the eighth off Manny Parra ( 0 - 1 ) , who was making his major league debut . Chris Coghlan had three hits , including a solo homer , and drove in a run for the Reds . Hector Rondon ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th to earn his first major league win . Cubs starter Mike Leake allowed four runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Reds took a 3 - 0 lead in the first inning on a run - scoring single by Todd Frazier and a run - scoring single by Jay Bruce . The Reds took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Brandon Phillips and a run - scoring single by Marlon Byrd . The Cubs jumped ahead 3 - 0 in the first on a run - scoring single by Jay Bruce and a run - scoring single by Todd Frazier . The Reds took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring groundout by Zack Cozart and a run - scoring single by Jay Bruce . The Reds took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Soler and a run - scoring groundout by Todd Frazier .
CLEVELAND -- Miguel Cabrera and the Detroit Tigers did n't need much offense . Miguel Cabrera homered twice and drove in four runs , Kyle Lobstein pitched five solid innings and the Tigers beat the Cleveland Indians 8 - 5 on Tuesday night . Cabrera went 4 - for - 4 with two homers and four RBIs , and Kyle Lobstein ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three runs in five innings for his first major league win . Joakim Soria pitched the ninth for his second save . House ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 1 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added an RBI single in the second . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first and added an RBI single in the second . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first and added an RBI single in the second . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first and added an RBI single in the second . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first and added an RBI single in the second . He hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the fourth . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first and added an RBI single in the second . Cabrera 's solo homer in the fourth made it 7 - 3 and chased House , who was called up from Triple-A Columbus earlier in the day . Cabrera led off the fourth with a homer to make it 7 - 3 . It was Cabrera 's second multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the fourth to make it 7 - 3 . It was Cabrera 's second multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the fourth to make it 7 - 3 . It was Cabrera 's second multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the fourth to make it 7 - 3 . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Cabrera , who has hit safely in 13 of his last 14 games . The Indians scored three runs in the first , including a two - run single by Ryan Raburn and a two - run single by Martinez .
CLEVELAND -- The Detroit Tigers have been waiting for a long time to find a way to win . Yoenis Cespedes had three hits , including a pair of doubles , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Cleveland Indians 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Yoenis Cespedes had three hits and scored twice for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Detroit has won six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of seven . Detroit 's Zach McAllister ( 0 - 1 ) allowed five runs and 13 hits in four - plus innings . The right - hander struck out five , walked one and hit a batter . Nicholas Castellanos hit a two - run homer in the fifth for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Cleveland 's Miguel Cabrera had three hits , including an RBI single in the fourth . He had an RBI single in the fourth and a run - scoring single in the sixth . Victor Martinez had three hits and drove in a run for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Detroit 's bullpen , which has n't allowed a run in 13 innings this season , came in with the bases loaded and one out in the ninth . Joakim Soria came on and struck out Yan Gomes for his first save . The Indians , who have lost five of six , fell to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game road trip . The Indians , who have the worst record in the AL , have lost six of seven . Detroit 's bullpen , which has n't allowed a run in 13 innings this season , got the first two outs in the ninth before Joakim Soria struck out Jason Kipnis for his first save .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Nick Martinez 's first start of the season was n't a problem for the Texas Rangers . Shin-Soo Choo hit a three - run homer , Mitch Moreland hit a two - run shot and the Rangers beat the Oakland Athletics 10 - 1 on Tuesday night . Martinez ( 1 - 0 ) allowed four hits , struck out five and walked two in his first major league start . The right - hander , who signed a $ 36 million , three - year deal with Texas in the offseason , allowed four hits , walked two and struck out five . Martinez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed seven runs and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out one . Adrian Beltre hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot in the seventh . Rougned Odor hit a solo shot in the eighth for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Choo hit a three - run homer off Graveman in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . Moreland 's sacrifice fly in the first made it 2 - 0 . Moreland 's sacrifice fly in the first gave the Rangers a 2 - 0 lead . Moreland 's two - run homer in the third made it 8 - 0 , and Beltre 's solo shot off R. J. Kela in the seventh made it 9 - 0 . Odor hit a solo homer in the seventh , his third of the season . The A 's had a season - high 16 hits , including three in the first inning . Graveman allowed seven hits and eight runs -- seven earned -- in 3 1/3 innings .
CHICAGO -- Jake Arrieta 's first Opening Day start in more than a year helped the Chicago Cubs end a three - game losing streak . Arrieta pitched seven innings of three - hit ball , Starlin Castro had an RBI single and the Chicago Cubs beat the St. Louis Cardinals 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Arrieta ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three hits , struck out seven and walked three . Hector Rondon pitched a perfect ninth for his first save . Lance Lynn ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and two hits in six innings for St. Louis . He struck out nine and walked one . St. Louis has won five of its past six games . The Cardinals have lost five of six and are 1 - 8 in their past 13 series . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost six of their past seven games . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Cardinals were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Cardinals were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season .
HOUSTON -- Carlos Carrasco did n't have his best stuff , but the Cleveland Indians ' right - hander kept the Astros off - balance . Carrasco struck out 10 in 6 1/3 innings , Carlos Santana hit a solo homer and the Indians beat the Houston Astros 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Carrasco ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three hits and struck out 10 in 6 1/3 innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out 10 and walked one . Mike Aviles hit a solo homer in the eighth for the Indians , who have won five of their last six games . Scott Feldman ( 0 - 1 ) allowed one run and five hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Astros . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Carlos Santana hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Houston starter Nick Swisher was scratched from the starting lineup because of soreness in his right knee . He was replaced in the lineup by Hank Conger , who sat out Wednesday 's game with a sore right shoulder . The Indians have lost three straight and seven of nine . The Astros have lost six of their last seven games . Houston starter Nick Swisher , who has been bothered by a strained left hamstring , is day to day with a strained right hamstring . He was replaced in the lineup by Hank Conger , who was placed on the 15 - day disabled list with a strained right hamstring . The Astros had a chance to score in the first when Jason Kipnis singled with one out . But Carrasco struck out Jose Ramirez to end the inning .
CHICAGO -- The St. Louis Cardinals ' bullpen did n't need much help from Adam Wainwright , who pitched six scoreless innings in a 3 - 0 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Matt Holliday had a pair of hits and drove in two runs , and Jason Heyward had three hits for the Cardinals . Wainwright ( 1 - 0 ) allowed five hits , struck out six and did n't walk a batter . He struck out six , walked none and lowered his ERA to 0.00 . Trevor Rosenthal struck out the side in the ninth for his first save . Jon Lester ( 0 - 1 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings for the Cubs . He struck out six and walked two . Matt Walden pitched the eighth and Trevor Rosenthal struck out the side in the ninth for his first save . St. Louis went ahead in the first when Jason Heyward led off with a double and scored on Matt Carpenter 's single . Matt Carpenter followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 . St. Louis made it 3 - 0 in the fifth . Jon Jay led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on a throwing error by catcher David Ross . Holliday followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 0 . Wainwright ( 1 - 0 ) allowed five hits , struck out six and did n't walk a batter . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Cubs were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels have been waiting for the Detroit Tigers to get back to .500 . Johnny Giavotella hit a tiebreaking two - run single with two outs in the eighth inning , and the Angels beat the Detroit Tigers 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Johnny Giavotella 's two - out , two - run single in the eighth off Joba Chamberlain gave the Angels a 4 - 2 lead . Joe Smith ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win , and Huston Street worked a perfect ninth for his 17th save in 19 chances . Price ( 4 - 2 ) was charged with four runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings , struck out six and walked four . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Angels have lost four of five . Detroit 's Matt Shoemaker gave up two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by James McCann . The Angels tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Erick Aybar , but the Angels tied it in the fifth on a two - out RBI single by Mike Trout . The Angels tied it in the sixth on Giavotella 's two - out , two - run single off Joba Chamberlain . The Angels tied it in the sixth on a two - out error by third baseman Andrew Romine , who was charged with an error on a potential inning - ending double - play grounder .
SEATTLE -- Corey Kluber has been the Cleveland Indians ' most consistent starter . Kluber struck out a career - high 13 in seven innings , and the Indians beat the Seattle Mariners 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Kluber ( 3 - 5 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out a season - high 13 and walked one . The right - hander struck out a season - high 13 and walked one in his second straight win . The right - hander struck out a season - high 13 and walked one . Brandon Moss hit a solo homer in the second inning and Mike Zunino added a solo shot in the third to give the Mariners a 1 - 0 lead . Cleveland starter James Paxton ( 3 - 3 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Dustin Ackley hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Mariners . Cody Allen pitched a perfect ninth for his 10th save in 11 chances . Cleveland 's Joe Beimel gave up a run in 2 1/3 innings in his first start of the season . He gave up one run and two hits , struck out one and did not walk a batter . Joe Beimel pitched the eighth and Marc Rzepczynski pitched a perfect eighth , and Cody Allen pitched the ninth for his 10th save in 11 chances . Cleveland took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning on Jason Kipnis ' RBI single and a run - scoring groundout by Michael Brantley . Cleveland took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Jose Ramirez .
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting for a long time to make the playoffs . Chris Davis homered twice and drove in three runs , Steve Pearce also went deep and the Orioles beat the Houston Astros 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Gattis had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh inning that gave the Orioles a 5 - 4 lead . It was the second time this season the Orioles have hit back - to - back homers . Davis hit a two - run shot off Tony Sipp ( 2 - 2 ) in the seventh to make it 5 - 4 . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Davis , who hit a two - run shot in the 10th inning of the Orioles ' 3 - 2 win over the Astros on Tuesday night . Davis hit a two - run shot in the seventh to make it 5 - 4 . It was the first multihomer game of his career , and his first since July 29 , 2011 , against the Los Angeles Angels . Gattis had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh that gave the Orioles a 5 - 4 lead . It was the second time this season the Orioles have hit back - to - back home runs . Davis hit a two - run shot in the seventh to make it 5 - 4 . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Davis , who has homered in three straight games . Davis hit a two - run shot off Ubaldo Jimenez in the seventh to make it 5 - 4 . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Davis , who had been mired in an 0 - for - 15 skid . The Orioles have won five of six and are 1 - 4 on their 10 - game homestand . Brad Brach ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth and Zach Britton got three outs for his 12th save . Houston starter Collin McHugh allowed four runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter .
NEW YORK -- Prince Fielder hit a three - run homer in the third inning , and the Texas Rangers routed the New York Yankees 15 - 4 on Tuesday night . Shin-Soo Choo hit a three - run homer and Carlos Beltran also went deep for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Prince Fielder went 3 - for - 4 with a homer and three RBIs for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Nick Martinez ( 4 - 0 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . Sabathia ( 2 - 6 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 2 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He struck out four and walked one . Fielder hit a two - run homer off Esmil Rogers in the seventh , and Didi Gregorius hit a solo shot off Anthony Bass in the seventh to make it 13 - 2 . Fielder hit a two - run shot off Branden Pinder in the seventh to make it 13 - 2 . It was Fielder 's fourth homer of the season and second in two days . He also had an RBI single in the third and a two - run homer in the seventh . Fielder hit a two - run shot off Branden Pinder in the seventh to make it 15 - 1 . It was Fielder 's fourth home run of the season and second in two days . He also had an RBI single in the third and a two - run homer in the seventh . Carlos Corporan had an RBI double and Andrus a two - run single in the third to give Texas a 10 - 0 lead .
WASHINGTON -- Max Scherzer has been the Washington Nationals ' most consistent pitcher . Scherzer pitched eight innings of four - hit ball , Bryce Harper homered and the Nationals beat the Philadelphia Phillies 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Scherzer ( 5 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in eight innings , striking out six and walking one . The right - hander is the first Nationals pitcher to win his first five starts of the season , and the first time he has pitched at least eight innings in a game since the Montreal Expos did it against the New York Mets in 2005 . The Nationals have won six of their last seven games , and the Nationals have won six of their last seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Philadelphia 's Sean O'Sullivan ( 1 - 3 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . Harper hit a solo homer in the second inning and Ian Desmond doubled in a run in the sixth . Drew Storen pitched the ninth for his 13th save in 14 chances . Washington 's Odubel Herrera hit an RBI double in the second inning . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Maikel Franco hit a two - out double and scored on Ian Desmond 's two - out double . Ian Desmond 's RBI double in the sixth gave Washington a 2 - 1 lead . Ian Desmond 's RBI double in the sixth gave the Nationals a 2 - 1 lead . Ian Desmond 's RBI double in the sixth made it 2 - 1 .
CLEVELAND -- Brandon Moss and the Cleveland Indians are on a roll . Moss homered and drove in three runs , Carlos Carrasco pitched six solid innings and the Indians beat the Cincinnati Reds 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Brandon Moss hit a go - ahead home run in the third inning and Brandon Moss hit a go - ahead , two - run double in the fourth as Cleveland took a 5 - 2 lead . Carrasco ( 5 - 4 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . The right - hander struck out seven and walked two . The right - hander is 5 - 0 in his last six starts . Cleveland 's Mike Leake ( 2 - 3 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in four innings . The right - hander walked five and struck out none . Brandon Moss and Jason Kipnis each had three hits and drove in two runs for the Indians , who took two of three from the Reds . Brandon Moss hit a solo homer and drove in three runs for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Cincinnati took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Billy Hamilton 's RBI groundout . The Reds tied it in the bottom half on a two - out , two - run double by Kipnis . Cleveland tied it in the bottom half on a two - out , two - run double by Kipnis . Cleveland tied it in the bottom half on a two - out , two - run double by Kipnis . The Reds tied it in the bottom half on a two - out , RBI single by Kipnis . The Reds tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Kipnis .
CHICAGO -- The Cleveland Indians have been in first place in the AL Central . Danny Salazar pitched six scoreless innings , Nick Swisher and Mike Aviles homered and the Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago White Sox 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Salazar ( 5 - 1 ) allowed five hits , walked three and struck out eight . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.91 ERA in his last six starts . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.91 ERA in his last six starts . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.91 ERA in his last five starts . The Indians have lost five of six and have been shut out for the first time this season . The White Sox have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind first - place Detroit in the AL Central . John Danks ( 2 - 4 ) allowed five runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked four . Aviles had four hits , including a solo homer in the first inning . He had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the first inning . Swisher also homered for the White Sox , who have lost five of six . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox had a chance to score in the first when Jason Kipnis led off with a double and scored on Michael Brantley 's single . Carlos Santana 's RBI groundout made it 2 - 0 , but the Indians could n't score .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros have n't been able to find a way to get back to the playoffs . Evan Gattis hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the sixth inning and Dallas Keuchel pitched seven solid innings to lead the Astros to a 6 - 1 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . The Astros have won five of their last six games and have the worst record in the majors . Keuchel ( 6 - 0 ) allowed an unearned run and six hits , struck out four and walked two to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out four and walked two . Houston starter Jesse Hahn ( 1 - 4 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . Evan Gattis hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Chris Carter added a two - run single in the eighth to push the lead to 6 - 1 . George Springer had two hits and scored twice for the A 's , who have lost five of six . The A 's lost for the seventh time in eight games . The A 's lost for just the second time in their last 10 games at Minute Maid Park . The A 's lost for just the second time in their last 10 games at Minute Maid Park . The A 's lost for just the second time in their last 10 games at Minute Maid Park . The A 's lost for just the second time in their last 10 games at Minute Maid Park . The A 's lost for the seventh time in eight games .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox are on the verge of being the AL 's top team in the AL East . Mike Napoli homered and drove in two runs , Wade Miley pitched seven strong innings and the Boston Red Sox beat the Texas Rangers 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . David Ortiz hit a solo homer and drove in two runs for the Red Sox , who have won four of five . Boston has won six of seven . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Miley ( 3 - 4 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in his last four starts . Koji Uehara gave up Leonys Martin 's pinch - hit homer in the ninth before finishing for his 10th save . Yovani Gallardo ( 3 - 6 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Ortiz and a run - scoring single by Tommy Field . Napoli led off the fourth with a homer into the Green Monster seats . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Robinson Chirinos and a run - scoring single by Tommy Field . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Ortiz and a run - scoring single by Tommy Field . Ortiz 's homer made it 2 - 0 in the fourth .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Tim Hudson had his best start of the season , and the San Francisco Giants ' bullpen could n't hold it . Hudson pitched five - hit ball into the seventh inning , Buster Posey hit an RBI single and the San Francisco Giants beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Hudson ( 2 - 3 ) allowed five hits , walked two and struck out two in 6 1/3 innings . Santiago Casilla pitched the ninth for his 10th save in 12 chances . The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Santiago Casilla struck out Howie Kendrick to end it for his 10th save in 11 chances . The Dodgers have won four straight and eight of 10 . San Francisco has won four of five . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost five of six and are 2 - 7 against the Giants this season . San Francisco has lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost seven of their last eight games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at AT & T Park since July 24 - 26 , 2011 . San Francisco has lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost six of their past seven games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at AT & T Park since July 24 - 26 , 2011 . San Francisco has lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost seven of their past nine .
HOUSTON -- Tyler Clippard pitched a perfect ninth inning for his fourth save in five chances , and the Oakland Athletics beat the Houston Astros 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Joe Marisnick singled with one out in the ninth , but Coco Crisp grounded into a double play to end the game . Joe Thatcher ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss . Edward Mujica ( 2 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings to get the win . Tyler Clippard pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save . Oakland starter Lance McCullers gave up three hits and a run in 4 2/3 innings . He was replaced by Joe Fields ( 0 - 1 ) , who was recalled from Triple-A Oklahoma City before the game . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Billy Butler led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Evan Gattis . Oakland tied it in the second when Max Muncy doubled with one out and scored on a single by Eric Sogard . Houston starter Drew Pomeranz allowed one run and two hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out two . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Billy Butler led off with a double and scored on a single by Brett Lawrie . Oakland tied it in the second on a sacrifice fly by Marwin Gonzalez . Oakland tied it in the second on a two - out RBI single by Eric Sogard . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Billy Butler led off with a single and scored on a single by Brett Lawrie . Oakland tied it in the second on a two - out RBI single by Eric Sogard .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Brian Dozier and the Minnesota Twins have been waiting for the Minnesota Twins . Dozier hit a go - ahead sacrifice fly in the seventh inning and Phil Hughes pitched seven strong innings to lead the Twins to a 3 - 2 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Brian Dozier hit a go - ahead sacrifice fly in the seventh inning , and the Twins went on to a 3 - 2 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Hughes ( 3 - 4 ) allowed five hits and two runs in seven innings . He struck out three and walked one . Glen Perkins pitched the ninth for his 12th save . Jake Odorizzi ( 3 - 3 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in six innings for Tampa Bay . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . David DeJesus hit a solo home run in the second inning for the Rays , who have lost four of five . The Rays have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven .
TORONTO -- Mike Napoli and the Boston Red Sox are doing their part . Mike Napoli hit a three - run homer , Pablo Sandoval hit a two - run shot and the Red Sox beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Napoli hit a three - run homer in the first inning and added a three - run shot in the fifth to give the Red Sox a 6 - 1 lead . Napoli hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a three - run shot off Dickey in the fifth . Sandoval hit a two - run shot off Dickey in the fifth , his third homer of the season and second in two days . Napoli hit a three - run shot off Dickey in the first , his first home run since July 26 , 2011 , against the New York Yankees . Dickey ( 1 - 4 ) allowed six runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out none . Buchholz ( 2 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . Koji Uehara worked the ninth for his sixth save in eight chances . The Blue Jays jumped on Dickey with a four - run first . Mookie Betts led off with a double and scored on Chris Colabello 's two - out single . Dustin Pedroia followed with an RBI groundout , and Josh Donaldson followed with an RBI double . Toronto cut it to 6 - 2 in the bottom half on Napoli 's three - run homer , but Boston cut it to 6 - 2 in the bottom half on Devon Travis ' RBI grounder .
MILWAUKEE -- The Milwaukee Brewers had a chance to take the lead in the ninth inning . Ryan Braun led off the inning with a single and scored the winning run on Martin Maldonado 's single , lifting the Brewers to a 3 - 2 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . The Brewers took a 2 - 1 lead in the top of the eighth . Ryan Braun led off with a single , stole second and scored on Anthony Rizzo 's double off the wall in right - center to give the Brewers a 2 - 1 lead . Milwaukee starter Matt Hendricks allowed only three hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Milwaukee 's Miguel Montero hit a solo homer in the sixth off Matt Rosscup to give the Cubs a 1 - 0 lead . It was Montero 's 14th home run of the season . Michael Blazek ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning for the win . Jason Motte ( 1 - 1 ) walked Ryan Braun with one out in the 11th , then gave up a single to Ryan Braun . Maldonado followed with a line drive to right - center , scoring Braun and Braun to give the Brewers a 2 - 1 lead . It was the first game - ending hit of the season for Maldonado , who had three hits , including a solo homer in the seventh that put Milwaukee ahead 2 - 1 . It was Herrera 's first career game - ending hit and his first career game - ending homer . The Brewers tied it at 1 in the eighth when Adam Lind walked , stole second and went to third on catcher David Ross ' throwing error . Adam Lind walked to load the bases before Anthony Rizzo tied it with a two - out RBI double off the right - field wall . The Cubs had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Jim Henderson struck out Addison Russell to end the threat .
WASHINGTON -- Bryce Harper and the Washington Nationals are on a roll . Harper hit a pair of two - run homers , Gio Gonzalez pitched seven strong innings and the Nationals beat the Atlanta Braves 9 - 2 on Tuesday night . Jayson Werth and Danny Espinosa each hit two home runs for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Gonzalez ( 3 - 2 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Gonzalez ( 3 - 2 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Washington 's Eric Stults ( 1 - 3 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Jayson Werth hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Harper hit a three - run homer off Williams Perez in the eighth , and Espinosa added a two - run shot off Williams Perez in the eighth . It was Espinosa 's second multihomer game of the season and his first since Aug. 2 , 2010 , against the Mets . He also hit a two - run shot in the ninth inning of Thursday 's 3 - 2 win over the Braves . Harper 's second homer of the game , a three - run shot in the eighth , made it 7 - 2 . It was Harper 's second career multi - homer game . He also had a two - run shot off Williams in the ninth inning Friday night . Harper hit a three - run shot off Williams Perez in the eighth .
PHOENIX -- The San Diego Padres have been waiting for Will Venable to come off the disabled list . Will Venable hit a solo homer and drove in two runs , James Shields pitched six effective innings and the San Diego Padres beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Venable , who had three hits , hit a solo homer in the second inning off Jeremy Hellickson to give the Padres a 1 - 0 lead . Venable hit a solo homer in the second inning , his third of the season , to give the Padres a 1 - 0 lead in the second . The Padres tied it in the third on a run - scoring single by Matt Kemp and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Alexi Amarista . The Padres tied it in the fourth on a run - scoring double by Justin Upton and a run - scoring groundout by Alexi Amarista . Goldschmidt led off the sixth with his 14th home run of the season , a solo shot to left - center off Enrique Burgos ( 0 - 1 ) . Peralta tied it with a solo shot in the bottom of the inning . Shields ( 4 - 0 ) allowed five runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save in 11 chances . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 1 lead in the second inning on a run - scoring single by Matt Kemp and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Alexi Amarista . Pollock 's solo homer in the fifth made it 5 - 2 , and Owings hit a two - run shot in the bottom half to cut the lead to 5 - 3 . Myers led off the bottom half with a homer to left , his third of the season . The Padres tied it at 2 in the fourth on an RBI single by Alexi Amarista .
BOSTON -- The Tampa Bay Rays are on their longest winning streak of the season . Evan Longoria homered twice , Alex Colome won for the first time in more than a month and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Boston Red Sox 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Colome ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked none . Brad Boxberger pitched the ninth for his seventh save . Justin Masterson ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Longoria homered off Alexi Ogando in the eighth to make it 4 - all . Mookie Betts homered for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out , two - run single by Blake Swihart and a two - run single by Joey Butler . Boston took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a two - run homer by Longoria and a two - run single by Joey Butler . Boston took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a two - run homer by Longoria and a two - run single by Joey Butler . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Xander Bogaerts and a run - scoring double by Blake Swihart . Boston took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a two - run homer by Longoria and a two - run single by Butler . Boston took a 4 - 2 lead in the fifth on a two - run single by Butler .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox are on the verge of a playoff berth . Rick Porcello pitched seven shutout innings and Mookie Betts homered twice , leading the Red Sox to a 2 - 0 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Porcello ( 3 - 2 ) allowed eight hits , struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth for his fifth save . Drew Smyly ( 0 - 1 ) allowed one run and two hits in six innings for Tampa Bay . He struck out six , walked two and hit a batter . Rays manager Joe Maddon was ejected in the seventh inning by plate umpire Angel Campos for arguing a called third strike . Rays manager Joe Maddon was ejected in the seventh inning for arguing a called third strike . Rays manager Joe Maddon was ejected in the seventh inning by plate umpire Angel Campos after a called third strike on a 3 - 2 pitch . Rays manager Joe Maddon was ejected in the seventh inning by plate umpire Angel Campos after a called third strike on a 3 - 2 pitch . Rays manager Joe Maddon was ejected for the second time this season . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth on a two - run homer by Mookie Betts and a two - run shot by David DeJesus . Rays manager Joe Maddon was ejected by first - base umpire Gary Cederstrom for arguing a called third strike in the seventh inning . Rays manager Joe Maddon was ejected in the seventh inning by plate umpire Angel Campos after a called third strike . Rays manager Joe Maddon was ejected in the eighth inning for arguing a called third strike . Rays manager Joe Maddon was ejected in the seventh inning by plate umpire Angel Campos after a called third strike on a 3 - 2 pitch . Rays manager Joe Maddon was ejected in the seventh inning by plate umpire Angel Campos for arguing a called third strike . Rays manager Joe Maddon was ejected in the seventh inning by plate umpire Angel Campos after a called third strike on a 3 - 2 pitch . Rays manager Joe Maddon was ejected in the seventh inning for arguing a called third strike . Rays manager Joe Maddon was ejected in the seventh inning by plate umpire Angel Campos after a called third strike on a 3 - 2 pitch . Rays manager Joe Maddon was ejected in the seventh inning by plate umpire Angel Campos after a called third strike on a 3 - 2 pitch . Rays manager Joe Maddon argued the call and was ejected for the first time this season . Rays manager Joe Maddon was ejected in the seventh inning by plate umpire Angel Campos after a called third strike . Steven Souza Jr. led off the inning with a single , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Steven Souza Jr. led off the bottom half with a single , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Steven Souza Jr. led off the bottom of the inning with a single , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Rays manager Joe Maddon challenged the call , but the call was overturned after a review of 1 minute , 4 seconds . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Xavier Cedeno got Betts to ground into a double play .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres are on the verge of being the NL 's top team . Justin Upton hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , Derek Norris hit a go - ahead two - run homer in the sixth inning and the San Diego Padres beat the Colorado Rockies 8 - 6 on Tuesday night . Arenado 's two - run shot off Kyle Kendrick ( 1 - 4 ) in the fifth inning gave the Padres a 5 - 3 lead . It was the fourth time this season the Padres have hit back - to - back home runs . Upton had three hits , including a two - run homer in the bottom of the first that put San Diego ahead 2 - 1 . It was the second time this season the Padres have hit back - to - back homers . Jedd Gyorko had a pinch - hit , two - run homer in the sixth for the Rockies , who have won five of six . Shields ( 3 - 0 ) allowed five runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked none . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Nolan Arenado and a two - run shot by Blackmon . The Rockies tied it at 2 in the fourth on a two - run homer by Blackmon , his second of the season . The Padres tied it at 2 in the fourth on a two - run homer by Justin Upton and a two - run shot by Blackmon . The Padres tied it at 5 in the fifth on a two - run homer by Blackmon and a two - run shot by Jedd Gyorko . It was Gyorko 's first pinch - hit home run of the season . Norris hit a two - run homer in the sixth to make it 8 - 5 . Kendrick ( 1 - 4 ) allowed six runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked none .
CHICAGO -- The Milwaukee Brewers have been waiting for a long time to get back to Wrigley Field . Jean Segura had a career - high four hits , Mike Fiers struck out a career - high 12 in six innings and the Brewers beat the Chicago Cubs 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Ryan Braun hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Anthony Rizzo added a solo shot in the sixth . Fiers ( 1 - 3 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out a season - high 12 . Arrieta ( 3 - 2 ) allowed four runs -- four earned -- and seven hits in five innings . He struck out six , walked one and hit a batter . Jean Segura had four hits and drove in two runs for Milwaukee , which has won four of five . The Cubs have lost four of five . Cubs starter Phil Coke got the last two outs of the sixth , and the Cubs had runners on first and second with no outs . Phil Coke got the final two outs of the inning . Phil Coke got two outs in the eighth and Edwin Jackson pitched the final two innings for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Phil Coke got the last two outs of the eighth and Francisco Rodriguez worked the eighth . Edwin Jackson pitched the final two innings for Milwaukee , giving up an unearned run on a wild pitch and a throwing error by Rizzo . Fiers ( 1 - 3 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings . He struck out a season - high 12 and walked two . Cubs starter Jake Arrieta ( 3 - 2 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked one .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Tim Hudson 's first win of the season was just a matter of time . Hudson pitched eight strong innings , Albert Pujols homered and the San Francisco Giants beat the Los Angeles Angels 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Hudson ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs and two hits , struck out three and walked two in his longest outing of the season . Santiago Casilla got the final out in the ninth for his seventh save . Brandon Crawford homered and Norichika Aoki had two hits and drove in two runs for the Giants , who have won four of five . Angels starter Hector Santiago ( 2 - 2 ) allowed four runs and nine hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . Buster Posey hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Trout hit a solo homer in the fourth , and Crawford hit his first homer of the season leading off the fourth . Pujols homered off Vinnie Pestano leading off the seventh to make it 5 - 2 . It was Pujols ' major league - leading 33rd home run this season , the most by a visiting player at the ballpark , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . It was the first time this season the Giants have hit back - to - back home runs . Casey McGehee had three hits , including an RBI single in the fifth that made it 4 - 1 . Aoki had two hits and drove in two runs for the Angels , who have lost four of five . David Freese had an RBI single in the ninth for Los Angeles .
PHILADELPHIA -- Max Scherzer has been a big part of the Washington Nationals ' rotation . Scherzer pitched eight strong innings and the Nationals beat the Philadelphia Phillies 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Scherzer ( 9 - 5 ) allowed two runs and five hits , striking out seven and walking none . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in his last four starts . The Phillies have won four straight and seven of nine . Washington has won four straight and eight of 10 . The Phillies have lost four of five . Aaron Harang ( 4 - 10 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Phillies have lost four of five . Matthew den_Dekker hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Phillies , who have lost five of six . Matthew den_Dekker hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Phillies , who have lost five of six . Matthew den_Dekker hit a two - run homer off Scherzer in the sixth to make it 5 - 0 . It was the first home run allowed by Scherzer this season . Matthew Araujo pitched the eighth and Drew Storen worked the ninth for his 22nd save in 25 chances . The Phillies jumped on Harang for a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Michael Taylor led off with a single and scored on Wilson Ramos ' single to right . Wilson Ramos ' RBI single in the first gave the Nationals a 1 - 0 lead . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Tyler Moore .
BOSTON -- David Ortiz and the Boston Red Sox did n't need much offense . David Ortiz hit a two - run homer , Dustin Pedroia had a tiebreaking two - run single in the sixth inning and the Red Sox beat the Baltimore Orioles 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . David Ortiz hit a two - run homer in the sixth , and Buchholz ( 5 - 6 ) allowed one run on eight hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Koji Uehara pitched a perfect eighth , and Junichi Tazawa struck out the side in the eighth . Junichi Tazawa struck out the side in the eighth , Koji Uehara worked the eighth and Koji Uehara finished the seven - hitter for the Red Sox , who have won four of five . Bud Norris ( 2 - 6 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Orioles , who have lost five of six . The Red Sox have lost six of seven and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore 's Chris Davis had an RBI single in the sixth , and Mookie Betts drove in a run with a single in the bottom of the inning . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Chris Parmelee led off with a double and scored on a single by Ryan Flaherty . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the bottom half when Xander Bogaerts hit a one - out double and scored on Pedroia 's single .
PITTSBURGH -- Andrew McCutchen and the Pittsburgh Pirates finally found a way to beat the Cincinnati Reds . Andrew McCutchen hit a two - run homer , Jay Bruce also went deep and the Pirates beat the Cincinnati Reds 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Cervelli 's three - run homer in the fourth inning gave the Pirates a 7 - 4 lead . McCutchen hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Pirates a 7 - 4 lead . Bruce homered off Arquimedes Caminero in the sixth to make it 7 - 6 . Scahill ( 2 - 3 ) got the last two outs of the eighth for the win . Mark Melancon struck out the side in the ninth for his 24th save in 28 opportunities . Cervelli hit a three - run homer in the fourth and Eugenio Suarez had an RBI single in the fourth to make it 5 - 4 . Cervelli hit a three - run homer in the fourth to make it 7 - 4 . It was the first home run allowed by Villarreal this season . The Pirates scored three runs in the fourth to take a 7 - 4 lead . Billy Hamilton led off with a double and scored on Pedro Alvarez 's ground - rule double to the gap in right - center . Bruce hit a solo homer in the sixth and McCutchen hit a two - run shot in the fourth to give the Pirates a 7 - 4 lead . It was the first home run of the season for McCutchen , who hit a three - run shot in Tuesday 's 4 - 2 win over the Reds . Cervelli hit a three - run homer in the fourth and Eugenio Suarez had an RBI single in the fourth .
WASHINGTON -- Bryce Harper and the Washington Nationals are on a roll . Harper hit a two - run homer in the first inning , Yunel Escobar added a three - run shot and the Nationals beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 9 - 2 on Tuesday night . Gonzalez ( 5 - 4 ) allowed four hits , walked two and struck out four . The right - hander has won his last three starts and has not allowed more than two earned runs in any of his last six starts . The Nationals have won five of six and have won six of their last seven . The Pirates have lost six of seven . Morton ( 5 - 1 ) allowed nine runs -- nine earned -- and eight hits in just two - thirds of an inning . He struck out a season - high five in his shortest outing of the season . The Pirates jumped on Morton for five runs in the first inning . Bryce Harper hit a two - run homer , and Corey Hart added a two - run shot in the ninth for the Pirates , who have won four of five . Gonzalez ( 5 - 4 ) allowed four hits , walked two and struck out four . The right - hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts . The Nationals scored five runs in the first inning off Charlie Morton ( 5 - 1 ) , who allowed a career - high nine runs and eight hits in just two - thirds of an inning . The right - hander struck out the side in the first inning , then retired the side in order in the fourth . The Nationals scored five runs in the first inning off Charlie Worley , who was making his major league debut . Escobar led off with a single and Harper followed with a drive into the right - field seats . It was his third home run of the season . The Nationals added three runs in the bottom of the first . Taylor led off with a single , stole second and scored on a single by Jose Lobaton .
DENVER -- Chad Bettis was cruising along with a no - hitter in his previous start against the Milwaukee Brewers . Bettis pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Charlie Blackmon homered and drove in three runs , and the Colorado Rockies beat the Milwaukee Brewers 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Bettis ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Rockies have won four of five and have the best record in the majors at 21 - 10 . Adam Lind hit a solo homer for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Lohse ( 3 - 9 ) allowed three runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Michael McKenry . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Nolan Arenado led off with a double and scored on Michael McKenry 's sacrifice fly . Blackmon 's two - out , two - run homer in the fifth made it 3 - 1 . The Rockies added a run in the seventh on Ben Paulsen 's two - out RBI single and a run - scoring groundout by Jean Segura . John Axford pitched a perfect eighth and Francisco Rodriguez finished for his 13th save in 14 chances . Colorado 's Kyle Lohse ( 3 - 9 ) allowed three runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Rockies have lost five of their last six games . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven .
CHICAGO -- Carlos Rodon was n't surprised to see the Chicago White Sox get back on track . Rodon pitched six strong innings , and the White Sox beat the Texas Rangers 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Rodon ( 3 - 1 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . David Robertson pitched a perfect ninth for his 14th save in 16 chances . Nick Martinez ( 5 - 3 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in six innings for the Rangers . He walked three and struck out two . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Jose Abreu led off with a single , stole second and scored on Adam LaRoche 's sacrifice fly . Alexei Ramirez 's RBI grounder in the fifth gave the White Sox a 3 - 0 lead . Rougned Odor had a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the fifth for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Rougned Odor drove in a run with a fielder 's choice in the fifth to make it 3 - 2 . Rougned Odor had a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the fifth for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Texas went ahead 3 - 0 in the third on a run - scoring single by Ryan Rua and a run - scoring single by Rougned Odor . The Rangers went ahead 3 - 0 in the third on a run - scoring single by Adam LaRoche and a run - scoring single by Rougned Odor . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Zach Putnam struck out pinch - hitter Joey Gallo to end the threat .
LOS ANGELES -- Buster Posey and Justin Turner each hit a three - run homer , and the San Francisco Giants beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Posey had three hits and drove in four runs , including a three - run homer in the third inning that gave the Giants a 4 - 1 lead . It was the third time this season the Giants have hit back - to - back home runs . Posey hit a three - run homer in the third inning , and Justin Turner added a solo shot in the eighth for San Francisco . Chris Heston ( 7 - 5 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out one and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . He struck out one and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Santiago Casilla got the final out in the ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . Mike Bolsinger ( 4 - 2 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Posey hit a three - run homer in the third inning and added a three - run shot in the third to give the Giants a 4 - 1 lead . It was the first time this season the Giants hit back - to - back homers . Posey hit a three - run homer in the third inning and added a three - run shot in the third to give the Giants a 4 - 1 lead . It was the first time this season the Giants hit back - to - back homers . Posey hit a three - run homer in the third inning and added a three - run shot in the third to give the Giants a 4 - 1 lead . It was the first time the Giants had scored at least 10 runs in a game this season . Posey hit a three - run homer in the third to give the Giants a 4 - 1 lead . It was the first time the Giants had scored at least 10 runs in a game this season .
SEATTLE -- Felix Hernandez had his best outing of the season , and the Seattle Mariners were able to get back on track . Hernandez pitched eight innings of four - hit ball , Austin Jackson and Robinson Cano each drove in a run and the Mariners beat the San Francisco Giants 2 - 0 on Wednesday night . Hernandez ( 10 - 3 ) allowed four hits , struck out five and walked two . The right - hander struck out five and walked two . Carson Smith got the final out in the ninth for his third save . Madison Bumgarner ( 7 - 4 ) allowed two runs and four hits in eight innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Austin Jackson 's RBI triple in the sixth inning broke a scoreless tie and gave the Giants a 2 - 0 lead . Robinson Cano 's RBI double in the sixth made it 2 - 0 . Mike Zunino led off the inning with a single and advanced to second on a wild pitch . Jackson followed with a triple into the right - field corner , scoring Zunino to give the Mariners a 2 - 0 lead . It was Seattle 's first extra - base hit of the season . The Giants have lost six of seven . The Giants have lost six of seven . The Giants have lost six of seven . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Giants have lost six of their past eight games and have lost six of their last seven . San Francisco has lost six of seven .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Robinson Chirinos and Justin Turner homered in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the Texas Rangers to a 3 - 2 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Tuesday night . Chirinos ' solo homer in the bottom of the ninth off Josh Ravin ( 2 - 1 ) gave the Rangers a 2 - 2 lead . Shawn Tolleson ( 2 - 1 ) got two outs in the top of the ninth for the win . Justin Turner hit a two - run homer in the ninth for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Dodgers starter Brett Anderson gave up two runs and eight hits in eight innings . He walked three and struck out four . The Dodgers have lost five of their last six games . Dodgers starter Chi Chi Gonzalez took a 2 - 0 lead into the ninth , but Justin Turner hit a two - run homer in the bottom half to tie the game 2 - all . The Rangers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Gonzalez grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Gonzalez grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Gonzalez grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Matt Harrison struck out Howie Kendrick to end the threat . Howie Kendrick drew a one - out walk in the eighth and Justin Turner hit a two - run homer off Joel Peralta to tie the game at 2 .
BALTIMORE -- The New York Yankees are on the verge of a playoff spot in the AL wild - card race . New York has won the first two games of the three - game series , the first time in franchise history that the New York Yankees beat the Baltimore Orioles 5 - 3 Tuesday night in a game that took only 2 hours , 7 minutes . New York has won four straight and eight of 10 to move a season - high 15 games over .500 . Mark Teixeira hit an RBI double off Mike Wright ( 2 - 2 ) in the first inning , and New York took advantage of two walks to take a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom half . Brett Gardner led off with a double and scored on a single by Garrett Jones . Mark Teixeira hit an RBI double and scored on a two - out single by Nolan Reimold . New York took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom half , but the Yankees answered in the bottom half . Manny Machado drew a two - out walk and scored on a double by Garrett Jones , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Murphy followed with a two - run double to make it 5 - 3 . New York took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom half on a two - run double by J. A. Murphy and a two - run double by J. A. Murphy . New York took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom half on an RBI single by Murphy and a two - run double by J. A. Murphy . New York tied it in the bottom half on an RBI single by Caleb Joseph .
PITTSBURGH -- The Philadelphia Phillies have been waiting for a long time to get back to the playoffs . Josh Harrison 's single with two outs in the bottom of the 11th inning lifted the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 1 - 0 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . The Pirates won for just the second time in eight games . The Pirates have lost six of seven . Philadelphia 's A. J. Burnett threw a five - hitter for his second shutout of the season . He threw 101 pitches , allowing five hits and striking out four . Hamels struck out a career - high 12 in seven innings . He allowed four hits , walked one and struck out a season - high 12 . Neil Walker drew a one - out walk in the 11th against Papelbon ( 1 - 1 ) , moved to second on a groundout and scored on Josh Harrison 's single to center . Josh Sellers ' two - out single in the ninth gave the Pirates a 1 - 0 lead . Antonio Bastardo ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Papelbon ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing an unearned run and three hits in 1 2 - 3 innings . He walked one and struck out one . The Phillies have won five of their last six games . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . Hamels struck out a career - high 12 in seven innings , allowing four hits and one walk while striking out a season - high 12 . The Phillies have been shut out four times this season .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Eddie Rosario had a tiebreaking RBI double in the ninth inning to give the Minnesota Twins a 4 - 3 victory over the Texas Rangers on Tuesday night . Eddie Rosario had a run - scoring double in the ninth off Shawn Tolleson ( 1 - 1 ) , and the Twins rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Texas Rangers on Tuesday night . Casey Fien ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Glen Perkins pitched a perfect ninth for his 22nd save in 25 chances . The Twins have won five of their last six games against the Rangers , who have the worst record in the majors at 21 - 11 . The Twins have lost four of five . Texas has lost four of five . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas starter Nick Martinez gave up three runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . Texas starter Phil Hughes gave up three runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Rangers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Eduardo Nunez hit a run - scoring double and scored on a groundout by Prince Fielder . Gallo led off the second inning with his 21st homer , a drive into the right - field seats on a 1 - 2 pitch from Nick Martinez . It was the first homer allowed by Martinez , who allowed eight hits and three earned runs in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Rangers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Dozier 's homer and Shane Robinson 's RBI triple . Martin homered in the second to tie it at 2 .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Chase Anderson was n't surprised to see Madison Bumgarner ( 7 - 3 ) get his first win in nearly a month . Anderson pitched seven innings of one - hit ball , Welington Castillo had three hits and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the San Francisco Giants 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Anderson ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one hit in seven innings , striking out two and walking one . Brad Ziegler pitched the ninth for his seventh save in as many chances . Madison Bumgarner ( 7 - 3 ) allowed one run and nine hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked three . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . San Francisco has lost four of five . The Giants have lost five of six and are 1 - 4 on their current 10 - game road trip . The Giants have lost six of their last seven games . San Francisco has lost four of five . The Giants have lost four of five . San Francisco has lost four of five . The Giants have lost six of their last seven games . The Giants have lost six of their last seven games and are 2 - 6 on their current 10 - game road trip . The Giants have lost six of their last seven games and have lost six of their last seven . Giants center fielder Angel Pagan went 0 - for - 4 and is hitless in his last 21 at - bats . He is hitless in his last 16 at - bats .. .. The Giants have lost 10 of their last 13 games .
MIAMI -- The Miami Marlins ' David Phelps did n't need much help . Phelps pitched eight innings of four - hit ball , Giancarlo Stanton homered and drove in four runs , and the Miami Marlins beat the Colorado Rockies 6 - 0 on Tuesday night . Phelps ( 3 - 3 ) allowed four hits and struck out six in eight innings to win for the first time in four starts . The right - hander struck out six and walked one in his first start against the Rockies this season . The Marlins have won five of their past six games , and the Rockies have won six of their past seven games . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost four of five . Colorado has lost four of five . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Rusin ( 2 - 1 ) allowed six runs -- six earned -- and 11 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out one . The Rockies have lost four of five . Stanton hit a three - run homer in the first inning , and Jeff Baker added a solo shot in the fifth .
CINCINNATI -- Jon Moscot was n't surprised by his performance . The right - hander allowed two runs and six hits in six innings , and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Philadelphia Phillies 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Ivan Moscot ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings for his first major league win . The right - hander struck out two and walked two . De Jesus hit a three - run homer in the first inning off Jerome Williams ( 3 - 6 ) , who gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Ivan Negron doubled with two outs in the ninth off Aroldis Chapman , who pitched a perfect ninth for his 12th save in 13 chances . Ivan Negron singled with one out in the ninth off Aroldis Chapman , who pitched a perfect ninth for his 12th save in 13 chances . Ivan Negron singled with one out in the ninth off Aroldis Chapman , who pitched a perfect ninth for his 12th save in 13 chances . The Phillies have won five of their last six games . Pena hit a two - out , two - run single in the first inning off Jerome Williams ( 3 - 6 ) , who gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . Ivan Howard doubled with one out in the fourth and scored on Pena 's single to center . Pena hit a two - out , two - run single in the seventh off Elvis Araujo .
NEW YORK -- The New York Yankees had a chance to take the lead in the ninth inning , but the New York Yankees rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the New York Yankees on Tuesday night . Denard Span drove in the go - ahead run with a two - out single in the 11th inning , and the Nationals rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the New York Yankees . Tyler Moore led off the 11th with a double off Chris Capuano ( 0 - 4 ) and scored on Brendan Ryan 's triple to right - center . Alex Rodriguez followed with an RBI double off Aaron Barrett , and Denard Span followed with an RBI single to give the Nationals a 5 - 4 lead . Blake Treinen ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Drew Storen pitched a perfect 11th for his 19th save in 21 chances . Danny Espinosa hit a solo homer and drove in a run for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Yankees starter Gio Gonzalez gave up two runs and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out five . Washington 's Nathan Eovaldi gave up three runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Denard Span 's two - out RBI double . The Nationals tied it in the fifth on a run - scoring double by Anthony Rendon and a run - scoring double by Yunel Escobar . Taylor 's two - out , two - run homer in the eighth made it 4 - 4 .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Kansas City Royals are on the verge of a playoff spot in the AL Central . Alex Gordon hit a three - run homer in the first inning , Edinson Volquez pitched seven strong innings and the Kansas City Royals beat the Minnesota Twins 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Volquez ( 5 - 4 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings , striking out six and walking three . The right - hander has won his last three starts against the Twins , who have won four of five . The Royals have won five of their last six games against the Twins , who have the worst record in the American League . The Royals have lost six of seven . Kyle Gibson ( 4 - 4 ) allowed five runs -- four earned -- and five hits in six innings for the Twins . He struck out six and walked two . Trevor Plouffe hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot off Luke Hochevar in the eighth that made it 7 - 2 . It was the first home run by a Twins player this season , and the first since July 28 , 2009 , against Kansas City . The Royals have won five of their last six games against the Twins , who have the worst record in the American League . The Twins have lost six of seven . They 've lost five of their last six games . The Twins have lost five of their last six games and are 3 - 11 in their last 14 games . The Twins have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven .
NEW YORK -- The New York Mets are on the verge of a no - hitter . Chris Heston threw a no - hitter , and the San Francisco Giants beat the New York Mets 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Heston ( 6 - 4 ) struck out a career - high 11 and walked none in his second no - hitter of the season . He threw 72 of his 110 pitches for strikes in his second career shutout and second no - hitter of the season . Heston , who threw a no - hitter in his previous start , struck out a career - high 11 and walked none in his second no - hitter of the season . He threw a career - high 110 pitches and had a pair of hits , including a two - run single in the fourth . Matt Duffy hit a solo homer in the seventh , and Joe Panik hit a solo shot in the seventh . Noah Syndergaard ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs -- four earned -- and 10 hits in six - plus innings . He struck out two and walked one . The Mets have lost five of six and have been shut out for the first time this season . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of their past seven games . They 've been shut out for the first time this season . The Mets have lost six of their past seven games . They 've been shut out for the first time this season . The Mets have lost six of their past seven games . They 've been shut out four times this season .
ATLANTA -- Joey Terdoslavich and the Atlanta Braves have n't had much success against the San Diego Padres this season . Joey Terdoslavich and Andrelton Simmons each drove in three runs , and the Braves beat the San Diego Padres 6 - 5 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight win . Venable had three hits , including a solo homer , and drove in two runs for the Braves , who have won five of six . The Braves , who have lost four of five , fell to 2 - 6 on their 10 - game homestand . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Braves have lost four straight and seven of nine . Venable had three hits , including a solo homer , and drove in two runs . Derek Norris had two hits and drove in a run for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Jim Johnson ( 2 - 3 ) pitched the eighth and Dale Thayer got two outs in the eighth . Jason Grilli pitched the ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Joaquin Benoit ( 4 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up one run and two hits in one inning . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Yonder Alonso 's RBI single . Venable led off the third with his third homer of the season and second in two games . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Derek Norris and a run - scoring double by Clint Barmes . Padres starter James Shields allowed five runs -- four earned -- and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one .
CLEVELAND -- Roenis Elias pitched well for the Seattle Mariners . Elias pitched six strong innings , Yan Gomes homered twice and the Mariners beat the Cleveland Indians 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Elias ( 3 - 3 ) gave up one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked two . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.00 ERA in his last four starts . Carson Smith gave up a solo homer to Yan Gomes in the ninth but earned his second save . Corey Kluber ( 3 - 7 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings . The right - hander struck out four and walked three . Robinson Cano had two hits and drove in a run for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Cleveland 's Nick Swisher went 0 - for - 4 and is hitless in his last 21 at - bats . He is hitless in his last 16 at - bats . The Indians have lost six of seven . Cleveland 's Nelson Cruz left in the eighth inning with a strained right hamstring . He was replaced by Michael Bourn , who pinch - hit in the eighth . Cruz left the game in the eighth inning with a strained right hamstring . He was replaced by Michael Bourn , who left the game in the eighth with a strained right hamstring . Cleveland 's Kyle Seager went 2 - for - 2 with a pair of walks and scored a run for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Cleveland 's Austin Morrison extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a double in the first . He scored on Robinson Cano 's double to right - center . Logan Morrison had an RBI double in the second .
CLEVELAND -- Bud Norris pitched five solid innings and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Cleveland Indians 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Norris ( 2 - 4 ) gave up one run and four hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Norris ( 2 - 4 ) gave up a solo homer to Adam Jones in the first inning and a two - run single to Travis Snider in the fourth . The right - hander , who had been sidelined with a strained right shoulder , allowed one run and four hits in five innings . The right - hander struck out seven and walked two . Matt Wieters homered and Manny Machado had two hits and an RBI for the Indians . Carlos Carrasco ( 7 - 5 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in four innings for the Indians , who lost for the seventh time in nine games . The Indians have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place New York Yankees in the AL Central . The Indians have lost six of their last seven games and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Indians , who have the worst record in the majors , have lost six of seven . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place New York Yankees in the AL Central . The Indians , who have the worst record in the majors , lost for the seventh time in their last 10 games . Cleveland has lost four of five . The Indians have lost six of seven .
DENVER -- Tom Koehler had a simple explanation for his success against the Colorado Rockies . Koehler pitched seven solid innings , and the Miami Marlins beat the Colorado Rockies 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Koehler ( 4 - 3 ) allowed one run and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Marlins have won four of five and have won five of their last six games . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Stanton hit a solo homer in the third , his first of the season , to make it 3 - 0 . Stanton 's solo shot in the third gave the Marlins a 3 - 0 lead . It was Stanton 's 19th homer of the season and second in two games . The Rockies added a run in the fifth on a fielder 's choice grounder by Marcell Ozuna and a run - scoring double by Dee Gordon . Tulowitzki added an RBI single in the sixth to make it 6 - 1 . Nolan Arenado 's sacrifice fly in the eighth made it 6 - 2 . Ramos pitched a perfect ninth for his sixth save in six chances .
HOUSTON -- Baltimore manager Buck Showalter was happy to see Adam Jones hit a go - ahead home run in the eighth inning to help the Orioles beat the Houston Astros 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Adam Jones hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth inning , and Zach Britton got the final five outs for his 14th save . Baltimore 's Dallas Keuchel allowed two runs -- two earned -- and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Baltimore starter Wei-Yin Chen struck out nine in 6 1/3 innings , giving up two runs and five hits with two walks and a season - high nine strikeouts . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning when Manny Machado led off with a single and scored on a single by Chris Davis . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Steve Pearce 's two - out RBI single . Baltimore tied it in the fourth when Jones doubled with one out and scored on a single by Chris Davis . Conger tied it at 1 with his homer in the third inning . It was Conger 's first home run of the season . The Astros tied it in the fourth when Evan Gattis led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Luis Valbuena . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Chris Davis . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the first on a two - out RBI single by Steve Pearce . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the first on a two - out RBI single by Chris Davis . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the first on an RBI single by Chris Davis .
PHILADELPHIA -- Anthony DeSclafani and Brandon Phillips each had three hits , and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Philadelphia Phillies 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . DeSclafani ( 4 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out none and walked two . The Reds took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first on Brandon Phillips ' RBI double and Todd Frazier 's RBI double . The Reds tied it in the bottom half on Phillips ' RBI double and Billy Hamilton 's two - run single . Phillips had an RBI double in the fifth and a run - scoring single in the sixth to make it 6 - 2 . Harang ( 4 - 6 ) allowed six runs -- five earned -- and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked five and struck out one . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Todd Franco 's RBI double . The Reds tied it in the bottom half on Phillips ' RBI double and a run - scoring double by Maikel Franco . The Phillies tied it in the bottom half on Phillips ' RBI double and a run - scoring double by Maikel Franco . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Phillips and a run - scoring double by Maikel Franco . The Phillies tied it in the bottom half on Phillips ' RBI double and a run - scoring double by Maikel Franco . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Todd Frazier 's RBI double . The Reds tied it in the bottom half on Phillips ' RBI double and a run - scoring double by Maikel Franco .
PHILADELPHIA -- Maikel Franco hit a tying three - run homer in the ninth inning and the Philadelphia Phillies rallied to beat the Cincinnati Reds 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Joey Votto hit a two - run homer off Ryan Mattheus ( 0 - 1 ) in the ninth to give the Phillies a 4 - 0 lead . Luis Garcia ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 11th inning for the win . Brandon Phillips had three hits and drove in two runs for the Phillies , who have won four of five . Cody Asche led off the 11th with a single off Aroldis Chapman . Chase Utley followed with a sacrifice fly to make it 4 - 1 . Freddy Galvis grounded into a fielder 's choice to end the inning . The Reds had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Leake struck out Jay Bruce to end the inning . Hamels allowed two runs -- two earned -- and six hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked three . Reds starter Mike Leake struck out a season - high nine in eight innings , allowing two runs and three hits with two walks and a season - high nine strikeouts . The Phillies scored two runs in the ninth off Aroldis Chapman , who blew his second save in as many chances . Ben Revere led off with a single and went to third on Ryan Howard 's groundout . Chapman walked Votto on four pitches to load the bases before Freddy Galvis grounded into a double play to end the game . Hamels allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked three .
HOUSTON -- Lance McCullers did n't have his best stuff against the Baltimore Orioles . Chris Carter homered twice and drove in two runs , Lance McCullers struck out a season - high 11 and the Houston Astros beat the Baltimore Orioles 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . McCullers ( 2 - 0 ) allowed four hits and one run with a season - high 11 strikeouts in his second complete game of the season . He had a career - high 11 strikeouts in his second complete game of the season . Carter hit a solo homer in the second inning to give the Astros a 2 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Carter , who has homered in three straight games . George Springer added a solo shot in the sixth for the Astros . Miguel Gonzalez ( 5 - 4 ) allowed three runs and four hits with eight strikeouts in 6 2/3 innings for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Adam Jones doubled and scored on a single by Delmon Young . Baltimore tied it at 1 in the fourth on a two - out RBI single by Delmon Young . Baltimore took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Carter 's solo shot to the Crawford Boxes in left field to make it 2 - 1 . It was the second time this season the Astros have hit back - to - back home runs . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Adam Jones doubled with one out and scored on a single by Delmon Young to make it 1 - all .
DENVER -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are on their longest winning streak of the season . Troy Tulowitzki hit a go - ahead home run in the seventh inning , Alex Guerrero added a three - run shot and the Dodgers rallied to beat the Colorado Rockies 9 - 8 on Tuesday night . Josh Ravin ( 1 - 0 ) got one out for the win , and Kenley Jansen worked the ninth for his fifth save in five chances . The Dodgers took a 5 - 4 lead in the sixth on a two - run homer by Joc Pederson and a two - run shot by Enrique Hernandez . The Rockies took a 5 - 4 lead in the sixth on an RBI double by Barnes and a run - scoring single by DJ LeMahieu . Hundley had three hits and drove in two runs for the Rockies , who have won four of five . The Rockies have won five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Rockies have lost five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Rockies have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 on their homestand . The Rockies have lost five of six and are 2 - 11 since the All-Star break . Zack Greinke ( 5 - 1 ) allowed five runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked one . Colorado starter David Hale gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Gonzalez hit a two - run homer in the third to make it 4 - 0 . The Rockies cut the lead to 5 - 4 in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by DJ LeMahieu and a sacrifice fly by Charlie Blackmon .
MIAMI -- Brad Hand 's first victory of the season was the best of his young career . Hand pitched six solid innings , Marcell Ozuna hit a three - run double and the Miami Marlins beat the Chicago Cubs 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hand ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Cubs , who have won four of five , took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning on Anthony Rizzo 's RBI double and Junior Lake 's RBI double . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a double by Adeiny Hechavarria and a two - out , three - run double by Ozuna . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Ozuna 's two - out , three - run double . Hendricks ( 1 - 2 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Stanton hit a solo homer off Zac Rosscup in the seventh to make it 5 - 2 . It was the first homer allowed by Rosscup this season . A. J. Ramos pitched around a two - out single in the ninth for his fifth save in five chances . Stanton hit a solo homer in the seventh to make it 5 - 2 . It was his third homer of the season and second in two games . Stanton hit a solo homer in the seventh to make it 5 - 2 . It was his third homer of the season and second in two games . Stanton 's solo homer in the seventh made it 5 - 2 .
DETROIT -- Ben Zobrist hit a grand slam in the seventh inning , and the Oakland Athletics beat the Detroit Tigers 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Ben Zobrist hit a grand slam and Billy Burns had two hits and drove in a run for the A 's . Kendall Graveman ( 3 - 2 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings . Tyler Clippard pitched a perfect ninth for his eighth save . Alfredo Simon ( 5 - 3 ) gave up four runs and four hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Tigers . He walked five and struck out six . Billy Burns had two hits and drove in a run for the Tigers , who have lost three of four . Detroit has lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of seven . Detroit has lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of seven . Detroit has lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of seven . Detroit has lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost four of five . Detroit has lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost four of five . Detroit has lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost four of five . Detroit has lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost four of five . Detroit has lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost four of five . Detroit has lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost four of five . Detroit has lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Comerica Park since July 24 - 26 , 2011 .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox took advantage of the sloppy Tampa Bay Rays . John Jaso had a pinch - hit , two - run double in the seventh inning and the Red Sox rallied for a 7 - 5 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Mike Napoli hit a two - run homer off Jake McGee ( 0 - 1 ) in the seventh to make it 6 - 5 . Junichi Tazawa ( 2 - 3 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Koji Uehara worked the ninth for his 23rd save . The Red Sox took a 4 - 3 lead in the fifth on a two - run single by Blake Swihart and a two - run double by John Jaso . Rays starter Erasmo Ramirez allowed one earned run and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . Boston starter Eduardo Rodriguez allowed three runs and six hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out four . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Alejandro De Aza and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Joey Butler . The Rays tied it in the bottom half on a run - scoring single by Brandon Guyer and a run - scoring single by Alejandro De Aza . The Rays tied it 3 - all in the second on a two - run single by Blake Swihart and a run - scoring single by Alejandro De Aza . The Rays tied it 3 - all in the second on a run - scoring single by Evan Longoria and a run - scoring single by Joey Butler .
HOUSTON -- Jason Castro had no idea what to do . Castro hit a three - run homer with two outs in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the Houston Astros to a 3 - 0 win over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Castro 's homer with two outs in the ninth off Fernando Salas gave the Astros a 3 - 0 win over the Los Angeles Angels . Houston starter Scott Kazmir allowed three hits in 7 2/3 innings , struck out five and walked three . Jose Alvarez ( 2 - 2 ) walked Jed Lowrie with one out in the ninth . Jed Lowrie then walked to load the bases before Castro hit a 1 - 2 pitch into the seats in left field . Luke Gregerson ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Houston starter Matt Shoemaker allowed three hits and struck out seven in seven innings . He was replaced by Pat Neshek , who got the final out in the eighth . Pat Neshek got the final out in the eighth and Joe Smith pitched the eighth . Joe Smith pitched the eighth and Luke Gregerson ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Jason Castro hit a three - run homer in the ninth for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Angels starter Matt Velasquez allowed three hits and struck out seven in seven innings . He was replaced by Vince Velasquez , who allowed three hits and struck out seven in seven innings . The Angels were shut out for the third time this season . Los Angeles has lost five of its last six games . The Angels were shut out for the third time this season .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Matt Duffy and the San Francisco Giants did n't need much offense . Duffy hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , Buster Posey had four hits and the Giants beat the Oakland Athletics 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Duffy hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a run - scoring single in the second . Duffy hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Kendall Graveman ( 6 - 7 ) , who gave up four runs and seven hits in 1 1/3 innings . Buster Posey matched his career high with four hits for the Giants , who have won four of five . Tim Hudson ( 6 - 8 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings to win for the first time in four starts . Santiago Casilla pitched the ninth for his 26th save in 30 chances . Kendall Graveman ( 6 - 7 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 1 1/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . Duffy 's two - run homer in the first gave the Giants a 2 - 0 lead . Brett Lawrie 's RBI single in the fourth cut the lead to 4 - 2 , but Duffy 's RBI single in the fourth made it 4 - 3 . Brandon Belt added an RBI single in the fourth to make it 4 - 3 . The Giants took a 3 - 0 lead in the first . Josh Reddick led off with a triple and scored on Billy Butler 's pinch - hit single to cut San Francisco 's lead to 4 - 2 . The Giants took a 4 - 1 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Duffy .
ST. LOUIS -- Matt Wisler has been a big part of the Atlanta Braves ' recent success . Wisler allowed two runs in seven innings , and the Braves beat the St. Louis Cardinals 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Wisler ( 5 - 1 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked three . Jim Johnson pitched the ninth for his ninth save . Michael Wacha ( 11 - 4 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings for St. Louis . He struck out five and walked three . Adonis Garcia homered in the sixth for the Cardinals , who have lost five of six . The Cardinals have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . The Cardinals have lost four of five and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game trip . The Cardinals have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Braves this season . St. Louis has lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Braves this season . The Cardinals have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Braves this season . St. Louis has lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Braves this season . The Cardinals have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Cardinals this season . The Cardinals have lost four of five . Wacha ( 11 - 4 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants are on the verge of a playoff berth . Hunter Pence had four hits and drove in two runs , Buster Posey had three hits and the San Francisco Giants beat the Oakland Athletics 9 - 3 on Tuesday night . Brandon Belt added a two - run single in the eighth inning , and Buster Posey had three hits and drove in a run . Peavy ( 2 - 4 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out two and walked none . The Giants have won five of six and have the worst record in the majors . The A 's have lost six of their last seven games . Oakland 's Jesse Chavez ( 5 - 10 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in three - plus innings . He walked two and struck out one . Ben Zobrist homered for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Oakland has lost six of seven . The A 's have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind first - place Texas in the AL West . Peavy ( 2 - 4 ) allowed three runs -- three earned -- and five hits in six innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The A 's scored three runs in the first inning to take a 4 - 0 lead . Buster Posey hit a sacrifice fly and Billy Burns drove in a run with a groundout . Ben Zobrist homered in the seventh for the A 's , who have lost four of five .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Tampa Bay Rays are on a roll . John Jaso hit a tying single with two outs in the eighth inning , and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . John Jaso hit a tying single with two outs in the eighth off Darren O'Day ( 5 - 1 ) , and Tim Beckham added a two - out , two - run single off reliever Xavier Cedeno . Jake McGee pitched the ninth for his fifth save in six opportunities . Tampa Bay 's Chris Davis hit an RBI double in the fourth off Chris Tillman , who allowed one run and five hits in six innings . The right - hander struck out nine and walked two . Tampa Bay starter Chris Tillman allowed one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked two . Tampa Bay took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Manny Machado led off with a single and scored on a double by Chris Davis . Baltimore went ahead 1 - 0 on Ryan Flaherty 's two - out double in the fourth . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Evan Longoria singled , stole second and scored on a double by Chris Davis . Baltimore went ahead 1 - 0 in the fourth when Beckham hit a two - out RBI double and scored on a single by Beckham . Baltimore went ahead 1 - 0 on a run - scoring double by Chris Davis in the fourth . Beckham 's RBI double in the fourth gave the Rays a 1 - 0 lead . Baltimore tied it at 1 on Beckham 's RBI double in the eighth .
ST. LOUIS -- The St. Louis Cardinals had a chance to take the lead in the seventh inning . Randal Grichuk hit a two - run homer , Tim Cooney pitched seven strong innings and the Cardinals beat the Atlanta Braves 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Cardinals have won five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2011 season . The Cardinals have lost four of five . Cooney gave up two runs in the second inning , including Randal Grichuk 's two - run homer in the second and a run - scoring single to Mark Reynolds in the sixth . Cooney , who has a 1.37 ERA in his last five starts , allowed one hit in a scoreless ninth for his fifth save in six chances . The Cardinals have won four of five . Cooney , who has a 1.37 ERA in his last five starts , allowed one hit in one - third of an inning . He walked two and struck out two . The Braves have lost four of five . Banuelos ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Braves scored two runs in the second inning to take a 4 - 0 lead . Cameron Maybin had an RBI double and scored on a single by Mark Reynolds to make it 4 - 0 . Jhonny Peralta added an RBI single in the fourth to make it 4 - 0 . The Cardinals added a run in the sixth on an RBI double by Cameron Maybin and an RBI single by Nick Markakis .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres are on their longest winning streak of the season . Andrew Cashner pitched seven strong innings , Matt Kemp and Yonder Alonso homered and the Padres beat the Miami Marlins 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Cashner ( 4 - 10 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings , struck out five and walked one . Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth for his 27th save in 29 chances . The Padres have won three straight and five of six . Brett Wallace homered and Justin Bour had an RBI double for the Marlins , who have lost five of six . Haren ( 7 - 6 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings , struck out three and did not walk a batter . He struck out three and did not walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Yonder Alonso hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Miami went ahead 1 - 0 in the first on Justin Bour 's two - out RBI double . Wallace led off the fourth with his second homer of the season . It was his third of the season and second in two games . It was the second time this season the Padres have hit back - to - back homers . It was the second time this season the Padres have hit back - to - back home runs . Kemp hit a solo shot in the fifth to give the Padres a 2 - 1 lead . It was his 21st of the season and second in two games . It was the second time this season the Padres have hit back - to - back home runs . Wallace tied it at 1 with a leadoff homer in the bottom of the fourth . It was his fourth of the season and second in two games .
PHOENIX -- Mat Latos and the Miami Marlins finally got a win . Latos pitched seven innings of four - hit ball , Michael Morse homered and the Miami Marlins beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Latos ( 4 - 6 ) allowed four hits , struck out seven and walked one . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.91 ERA in his last five starts . The Marlins have won five of their last six games . The Diamondbacks have been shut out four times this season and have been shut out three times this season . Michael Morse led off the seventh with a home run off Jeremy Hellickson ( 6 - 6 ) , and Christian Yelich added an RBI single in the eighth . Ramos pitched a scoreless ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth , but Randall Delgado struck out pinch - hitter Donovan Solano to end the threat . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Ramos struck out pinch - hitter Donovan Solano to end it . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Ramos struck out pinch - hitter Donovan Solano to end the game . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Ramos struck out pinch - hitter Donovan Solano to end the game . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Ramos struck out pinch - hitter Donovan Solano to end the game . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Ramos struck out David Peralta to end it .
ATLANTA -- Jon Lester has been the Chicago Cubs ' most consistent starter . Lester pitched two - hit ball into the eighth inning , Anthony Rizzo drove in two runs and the Cubs beat the Atlanta Braves 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Lester ( 5 - 8 ) allowed two hits , struck out seven and walked one in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out seven , walked one and hit a batter . The Cubs have won five of their last six games against the Braves , who have won six of their last seven . The Braves have lost four of five . Manny Banuelos ( 1 - 1 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Braves scored two runs in the third on Starlin Castro 's run - scoring single and Anthony Rizzo 's run - scoring single . Anthony Rizzo had two hits and drove in two runs for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Atlanta 's Kris Bryant hit a two - out double in the ninth and scored on Rizzo 's two - out single to make it 4 - 0 . Kris Bryant added a run - scoring double in the ninth off Ryan Detwiler . Ross Banuelos ( 1 - 1 ) allowed six hits and two runs -- one earned -- in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Chris Denorfia led off with a double and scored on Starlin Castro 's single . The Braves added a run in the fourth on Rizzo 's RBI single .
CHICAGO -- Lorenzo Cain and the Kansas City Royals got a big lift from their bullpen . Lorenzo Cain hit a solo home run in the 13th inning , and the Royals beat the Chicago White Sox 7 - 6 on Tuesday night to snap a four - game losing streak . Lorenzo Cain had two hits , including a solo homer in the 13th inning off Dan Jennings ( 1 - 3 ) , and Alexei Ramirez also homered for the Royals , who have won four of five . Royals starter Jose Quintana gave up four runs and 10 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Ryan Madson pitched the 13th for his first save . Lorenzo Cain hit a solo homer in the top of the 13th to give the White Sox a 6 - 4 lead . Shuck 's two - run double off Greg Holland tied it at 6 in the ninth . Shuck 's two - out , two - run double off Zach Duke in the ninth gave the Royals a 6 - 4 lead . Kendrys Morales had two hits and an RBI for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . The White Sox scored three runs in the first inning off Jose Quintana , who allowed 10 hits and four runs in 5 1/3 innings . The White Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the first inning on a run - scoring single by Eric Hosmer and a run - scoring single by Adam Eaton . Salvador Perez 's RBI double made it 3 - 0 in the third . The White Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Mike Moustakas and a run - scoring single by Melky Cabrera .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Brian Dozier 's first career grand slam was his first career grand slam , and the Minnesota Twins rallied to beat the Detroit Tigers 8 - 6 on Tuesday night . Dozier 's two - run homer in the ninth inning off Joakim Soria ( 3 - 1 ) gave the Twins a 6 - 5 lead , and the Twins rallied for three runs in the ninth . Danny Santana hit a two - run single and Kurt Suzuki a run - scoring fielder 's choice to cut it to 6 - 2 before Eddie Rosario 's run - scoring single cut it to 6 - 2 . Eddie Rosario hit an RBI single and Miguel Sano walked to load the bases before Dozier 's two - run homer off Bruce Rondon gave the Tigers a 6 - 5 lead . Trevor May ( 6 - 7 ) pitched the ninth for the win . Yoenis Cespedes hit a three - run homer and J. D. Martinez added a solo shot for the Tigers . Victor Martinez hit a two - run homer and J. D. Martinez added a solo shot for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Detroit starter Justin Verlander allowed one run and five hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Detroit starter Ervin Santana gave up six runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . He struck out five and walked three . Santana hit a two - run homer in the third inning , and J. D. Martinez added a solo shot in the fourth to give the Tigers a 6 - 0 lead . Martinez hit a two - run homer in the third and Cespedes hit a three - run shot in the fourth to make it 6 - 0 .
SEATTLE -- Felix Hernandez has been a big part of the Seattle Mariners ' recent success . Hernandez pitched seven shutout innings , Mike Zunino had a pair of RBI singles and the Mariners beat the Los Angeles Angels 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hernandez ( 11 - 5 ) allowed five hits , struck out six and walked two . He struck out six , walked two and threw a season - high 104 pitches . Carson Smith got the final out in the ninth for his sixth save . Garrett Richards ( 9 - 6 ) gave up four runs and 12 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . Kole Calhoun hit a solo homer in the eighth for the Angels , who have lost five of six . Morrison led off the first inning with a home run to left - center field . It was the first home run allowed by Richards in his last five starts . The Mariners added a run in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Mike Zunino and a run - scoring single by Nelson Cruz , who had three hits . Morrison led off the first inning with his sixth home run of the season , a drive into the second deck in left field . It was the first home run allowed by Richards in five starts this season . Seattle added two more in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Mike Zunino and a run - scoring single by Nelson Cruz . The Angels added three runs in the eighth off Jose Alvarez . Robinson Cano had an RBI single and Seth Smith added a run - scoring single . David Freese had an RBI groundout in the ninth .
WASHINGTON -- Johnny Cueto pitched a two - hitter for his first career shutout , and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Washington Nationals 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Cueto ( 6 - 5 ) struck out 11 , walked one and threw a season - high 122 pitches . He struck out 11 , walked one and threw a season - high 122 pitches . Joey Votto had three hits , including a solo homer , and drove in three runs for the Reds , who have won four of five . Scherzer ( 9 - 7 ) allowed five runs , five earned , and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Reds have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place Chicago Cubs in the NL East . The Reds have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games and are 1 - 6 on their current 10 - game road trip . The Nationals have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on the road .
CLEVELAND -- The Cleveland Indians have n't been able to do much this season . Corey Kluber pitched five - hit ball into the seventh inning , Michael Brantley homered and the Indians beat the Houston Astros 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Kluber ( 4 - 9 ) allowed five hits , struck out seven and walked two in 6 2/3 innings . Bryan Shaw pitched a perfect ninth for his second save . Vince Velasquez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Michael Brantley had three hits , including a solo homer , and David Murphy had two hits and drove in a run for the Indians , who have won six of seven . Houston has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost five of six and are 2 1/2 games behind first - place Detroit in the AL Central . Kluber ( 4 - 9 ) allowed five hits , struck out seven and walked two in 6 2/3 innings . The right - hander struck out seven and walked two . Zach McAllister , Zach McAllister and Bryan Shaw combined for three scoreless innings , and Bryan Shaw worked the ninth for his second save in three chances . The Astros have lost six of seven . Houston 's Carlos Santana had two hits and scored a run for the Astros , who have lost six of seven . Carlos Santana had two hits for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Houston has lost four straight and seven of nine . The Astros have lost six of their last seven games and are 2 - 4 on their homestand .
DENVER -- Albert Pujols hit a three - run homer in the first inning , and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Colorado Rockies 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Albert Pujols hit a three - run homer in the first inning and Mike Trout added a three - run shot in the second to help the Angels win for the sixth time in seven games . Heaney ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Angels have won four of five and have won five of their last six games . The Angels have lost six of seven . Bettis gave up a career - high 10 runs and eight hits in 2 1/3 innings . He struck out two and walked one . The Angels have lost six of seven . Bettis ( 4 - 4 ) allowed a career - high 10 runs and eight hits in 2 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He struck out two and walked one . Chris Iannetta hit a two - run homer in the third , and Matt Joyce and Drew Stubbs also went deep for the Rockies , who have lost five of six . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost seven of their last 10 games . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Coors Field this season . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers had a big hit in the seventh inning , and the Dodgers rallied from a six - run deficit to beat the Philadelphia Phillies 10 - 7 on Tuesday night . Jimmy Rollins hit a go - ahead two - run single in the seventh , and Yasmani Grandal hit a three - run homer in the fifth for the Dodgers , who won for the seventh time in eight games . J. P. Howell ( 4 - 1 ) struck out the only batter he faced in the seventh to earn the win . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 16 chances . Jeanmar Gomez ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs , three earned , and six hits in 1 1/3 innings for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Ryan Howard hit a three - run homer and Odubel Herrera also went deep for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Philadelphia 's Sean O'Sullivan gave up seven runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Dodgers tied it at 2 in the second on a sacrifice fly by Justin Turner and a run - scoring double by Andre Ethier . The Dodgers tied it in the second on a two - run homer by Galvis . The Dodgers tied it in the second on a two - run homer by Yasmani Grandal , but the Phillies tied it in the bottom half on Galvis ' sacrifice fly . The Dodgers tied it at 2 in the second on a two - run homer by Adrian Gonzalez and a two - run shot by Freddy Galvis .
CHICAGO -- The St. Louis Cardinals have n't been able to find a way to win this season . John Lackey pitched seven scoreless innings and the Cardinals beat the Chicago Cubs 6 - 0 on Tuesday night . Lackey ( 7 - 5 ) allowed six hits , struck out four and walked one . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous five starts . The Cardinals have won six of their last seven games , and the Cardinals have won six of their last seven . Cubs starter Jon Lester ( 4 - 7 ) gave up two unearned runs and two hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The Cubs scored twice in the seventh to take a 2 - 0 lead . Yadier Molina hit a sacrifice fly and Kolten Wong followed with a run - scoring single to make it 2 - 0 . Kolten Wong followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 . The Cardinals added three runs in the ninth off Edwin Jackson . Randal Grichuk hit a two - run double and Peter Bourjos added an RBI single to make it 5 - 0 . Jackson allowed four runs and four hits in one inning . He walked one and struck out one . The Cubs scored in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Mark Reynolds , but the Cubs had runners on second and third with no outs in the bottom half , but Lackey struck out Addison Russell to end the threat . The Cubs had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Justin Grimm struck out pinch - hitter Xavier Scruggs to end the threat .
CLEVELAND -- Preston Tucker and the Houston Astros did n't need much offense . Preston Tucker had a career - high four hits , including a home run , and drove in two runs , leading the Astros to a 9 - 4 win over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Tucker had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer , and drove in two runs for the Astros , who have won four of five . Tucker had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer , and drove in two runs for the Astros , who have won four of five . Keuchel ( 11 - 3 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 2.14 ERA in his last five starts . The Astros have won five of six and are 5 - 13 since the All-Star break . Carlos Carrasco ( 10 - 7 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings . He struck out five and walked one . Marwin Gonzalez had three hits , including a solo homer , and drove in two runs for the Indians , who have won four of five . Tucker , who had a career - high four hits , had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the seventh . He had an RBI single in the sixth and a solo homer in the seventh . Tucker , who had a career - high four hits , had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the seventh . He had an RBI single in the sixth and a solo homer in the seventh . Tucker , who had a career - high four hits , had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the seventh that made it 9 - 3 . Keuchel ( 11 - 3 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The right - hander is 5 - 0 in his last six starts . The Astros jumped on Carrasco for four runs in the first inning . Evan Gattis had an RBI single and Jason Kipnis followed with a sacrifice fly . Tucker singled in a run in the third , and Tucker singled in a run in the fourth . Tucker singled in a run in the fourth to make it 5 - 1 . Tucker singled in a run in the fourth and singled in a run in the sixth . He had an RBI single in the sixth and a run - scoring single in the sixth .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Kole Calhoun and Albert Pujols hit back - to - back homers in the first inning , and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Texas Rangers 12 - 6 on Tuesday night . Calhoun 's three - run homer in the fifth inning gave the Angels a 12 - 1 lead . Pujols ' homer in the fifth inning was his 24th of the season and first since July 8 . The Angels have won five of their last six games and have won five of their last six games . Wilson ( 7 - 6 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Angels have won five of their last six games and have won five of their last six games . The Rangers have lost six of seven . Lewis ( 8 - 4 ) allowed a career - high 10 runs and 12 hits in four - plus innings . He struck out one and walked two . Calhoun 's three - run homer in the fifth gave the Angels a 12 - 1 lead . Prince Fielder and Albert Pujols also homered for the Rangers , who have lost five of six . Texas has won four of five . The Rangers have won five of six and have the best record in the majors at 21 - 11 . The Rangers have lost seven of their last 10 games . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost six of seven . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rangers have won 10 of their last 13 games against the Rangers , who have the worst record in the majors at 21 - 11 .
ATLANTA -- Carlos Ruiz 's two - run double in the 10th inning lifted the Philadelphia Phillies to a 4 - 0 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . Carlos Ruiz added a two - run double in the 10th to give the Phillies a 3 - 0 lead . Carlos Ruiz added a two - run double in the 10th to give the Phillies a 3 - 0 lead . Carlos Ruiz added a two - run double in the 10th to give the Phillies a 3 - 0 lead . Freddy Galvis added an RBI single in the 10th for the Phillies . Jake Brigham ( 3 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Odubel Herrera led off the 10th with a single off Nick Masset ( 2 - 2 ) , stole second and moved to third on a groundout . Ruiz followed with a two - run double to left - center to make it 4 - 0 . Carlos Ruiz added a two - run double in the 10th to give the Phillies a 3 - 0 lead . Ryan Howard 's sacrifice fly in the ninth gave the Braves a 1 - 0 lead . Atlanta starter Cole Hamels allowed six hits and no runs in seven innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the second time in three starts . The Braves have lost six of seven . Atlanta 's Shelby Miller allowed seven hits , two walks and struck out eight in 6 1/3 innings . The right - hander struck out eight and walked two . Atlanta 's Cesar Hernandez had three hits , extending his hitting streak to a career - high 14 games . The Braves have scored just five runs in their last five games .
MIAMI -- Justin Bour hit a three - run homer in the ninth inning to lift the Miami Marlins to a 6 - 5 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night . Justin Bour led off the bottom of the ninth with a single off Santiago Casilla ( 4 - 2 ) , and Christian Yelich walked . Christian Yelich singled and Adeiny Hechavarria was hit by a pitch to load the bases . Justin Bour followed with a three - run homer off Sam Dyson ( 2 - 5 ) . Steve Cishek ( 2 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Brandon Crawford homered and Gregor Blanco had three hits for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Miami starter Chris Heston allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out one and walked three . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Buster Posey hit a two - out double to left - center and scored on a double by Dee Gordon . Gregor Blanco followed with an RBI single to put the Giants ahead 3 - 1 . Brandon Belt 's sacrifice fly in the sixth cut the deficit to 3 - 2 . Crawford 's homer in the sixth gave the Marlins a 4 - 3 lead . The Giants tied the game at 3 in the sixth on a two - out RBI single by Joe Panik . The Giants tied the game at 1 in the third on a double by Angel Pagan and a sacrifice fly by Dee Gordon . The Giants took a 3 - 1 lead in the third . Cole Gillespie led off with a double and scored on a single by Joe Panik .
PHOENIX -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are on their longest winning streak of the season . Aaron Hill hit a solo homer , Brett Anderson pitched seven strong innings and Los Angeles beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Dodgers have won five of six and are 2 1/2 games behind the Los Angeles Dodgers in the NL West . Anderson ( 5 - 4 ) allowed one run and seven hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking two . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Kenley Jansen gave up a solo home run to David Peralta in the ninth before finishing for his 13th save in 15 chances . The Dodgers had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - hitter Welington Castillo reached on a fielder 's choice , advanced on a wild pitch and scored on a wild pitch . Jansen struck out pinch - hitter Adrian Gonzalez to end it for his 13th save . Robbie Ray ( 2 - 4 ) allowed four runs -- four earned -- and seven hits in six innings for the Diamondbacks . He struck out six and walked two . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Howie Kendrick 's sacrifice fly and Enrique Hernandez 's run - scoring double . Justin Turner added a run - scoring double to make it 4 - 0 . Hill 's sacrifice fly in the eighth cut the lead to 4 - 2 , but the Dodgers tied it in the eighth against Yimi Garcia . A. J. Pollock led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Enrique Hernandez . Hill added a sacrifice fly in the eighth .
BOSTON -- The New York Yankees are on their longest winning streak of the season . Mookie Betts hit a two - run homer , Jackie Bradley Jr. had three hits and scored twice and the Red Sox beat the New York Yankees 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Eduardo Rodriguez ( 8 - 5 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in five innings for the win . Jean Machi pitched the ninth for his fourth save . David Ortiz homered and Didi Gregorius had four hits for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Yankees starter Ivan Nova ( 5 - 7 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Yankees took a 2 - 1 lead in the third when Bradley led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Carlos Beltran . Boston took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth when Bradley led off with a double and scored on Didi Gregorius ' single . Betts hit a two - run homer in the third and Ortiz tied it with a solo shot in the fourth . The Red Sox tied it in the seventh on Pablo Sandoval 's run - scoring groundout and Chase Headley 's bases - loaded walk . Chase Drew 's bases - loaded walk in the ninth made it 4 - 3 , but Jean Machi got Ortiz to ground into a game - ending double play for his fourth save . Boston 's Alex Rodriguez extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first . He was 1 - for - 4 with a strikeout .
CHICAGO -- Taijuan Walker has been a big part of the Seattle Mariners ' pitching staff . Walker pitched three - hit ball into the seventh inning , Kyle Seager homered and the Seattle Mariners beat the Chicago White Sox 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Walker ( 10 - 7 ) allowed three hits and struck out six in 6 1/3 innings . Walker ( 10 - 7 ) struck out six and walked one in 6 1/3 innings . Tom Wilhelmsen pitched the ninth for his fifth save . John Danks ( 6 - 12 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in six innings for Chicago . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Franklin Gutierrez hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . They 've lost five of their last six games . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . They 've lost five of their last six games . The White Sox were shut out for the fourth time this season . They have lost five of six . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the sixth time this season . Chicago 's Jose Abreu went 0 - for - 4 , ending his career - best hitting streak at 20 games -- longest in the majors this season . The White Sox have lost seven of their last 10 games . Chicago 's Adam Eaton went 0 - for - 4 , ending his career - best hitting streak at 20 games -- longest in the majors this season .
DETROIT -- Justin Verlander did n't need much help from his teammates . Verlander threw a one - hitter , Miguel Cabrera hit a two - run homer and the Detroit Tigers beat the Los Angeles Angels 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 2 - 6 ) struck out a season - high nine and walked two in his second career shutout . He struck out nine , walked two and threw a season - high 112 pitches . The right - hander struck out a season - high nine and walked two in his third career complete game . J. D. Martinez hit a two - run homer in the fifth , and Miguel Cabrera hit a two - run shot in the fifth for a 5 - 0 lead . J. D. Martinez hit a two - run homer in the fifth for the Angels , who have won four of five . Hector Santiago ( 7 - 8 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . Nicholas Castellanos and J. D. Martinez hit back - to - back home runs in the second for the Angels , who have lost five of their last six games . Martinez hit a two - run homer in the fifth to make it 5 - 0 . Martinez hit a two - run shot in the fifth to make it 5 - 0 . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fifth for a 5 - 0 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Santiago , who allowed five runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out three , walked three and hit a batter .
ATLANTA -- Chad Bettis did n't have his best stuff , but the Colorado right - hander did n't need much help . Bettis ( 6 - 4 ) allowed one run and five hits in five innings , DJ LeMahieu had three hits and drove in three runs , and the Rockies beat the Atlanta Braves 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Bettis ( 6 - 4 ) allowed one run and five hits , struck out four and walked two in five innings . The right - hander is 6 - 0 in his last seven starts . The Rockies have won four of five . Mike Foltynewicz ( 4 - 6 ) gave up five hits and four runs in five innings for the Braves , who have lost four of five . The Braves , who have lost four of five , fell to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game homestand . The Braves , who have the worst record in the majors , lost for the seventh time in nine games . They have lost five of six . The Braves , who have lost four of five , fell to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game homestand . The Braves , who have the worst record in the majors , lost for the seventh time in nine games . They have lost six of seven . The Braves , who have lost four of five , fell to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game homestand . They have lost four of five . The Braves , who have lost four of five , fell to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game homestand . They have lost five of six . The Braves have lost four of five . Atlanta 's Nick Markakis had two hits , including a run - scoring single in the fifth that gave the Rockies a 4 - 0 lead . LeMahieu had a two - run single in the fourth to make it 4 - 1 .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Mike Moustakas and the Kansas City Royals finally got to Ubaldo Jimenez . Moustakas hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning , Kris Medlen pitched six solid innings and the Royals beat the Baltimore Orioles 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Jimenez ( 9 - 8 ) gave up seven runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out three . Adam Jones hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Mike Moustakas hit a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Orioles a 3 - 1 lead . Medlen ( 2 - 0 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . The Orioles scored three runs in the sixth to take a 6 - 3 lead . Omar Infante hit a two - out , two - run double and Lorenzo Cain followed with a two - out , two - run single to make it 8 - 3 . Medlen gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . The Orioles took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring groundout by Steve Clevenger and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Eric Hosmer . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the first when Manny Machado led off with a single and scored on Jones ' single . Jones followed with a double to right and scored on Eric Hosmer 's fielder 's choice grounder . The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Ben Zobrist hit a leadoff triple and scored on a groundout by Eric Hosmer .
BALTIMORE -- Miguel Sano and the Minnesota Twins did n't waste any time . Sano hit a two - run homer , Jonathan Schoop had three hits and three RBI , and the Twins beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 3 on Tuesday night to snap a three - game losing streak . Sano hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Kevin Gausman , and Jonathan Perkins ( 2 - 4 ) pitched the 12th for the win . Tommy Milone pitched a perfect 12th for his first major league save . Brian Matusz ( 1 - 3 ) took the loss . Sano hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the first . Sano hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Jonathan Schoop hit a two - out , two - run single in the fifth for a 3 - 2 lead . Baltimore starter Mike Pelfrey allowed three runs and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . Gausman gave up two runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Baltimore took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth on a two - out , two - run single by Schoop . Schoop 's two - out single in the bottom half made it 2 - 1 , but the Orioles went up 2 - 1 in the bottom half . Jones hit a two - out , two - run homer to left , his third of the season . Minnesota tied it in the bottom half on a two - out single by Eddie Rosario .
BOSTON -- The Kansas City Royals are on the verge of a playoff spot . Mike Moustakas homered and drove in four runs , Chris Young ( 9 - 6 ) got the final out in the seventh inning and Wade Davis pitched the ninth for his 11th save in as many chances as the Royals beat the Boston Red Sox 8 - 6 on Tuesday night . Mike Moustakas had three hits and drove in four runs , and Jackie Bradley Jr. had three hits and drove in two runs for the Royals , who have won four of five . Royals starter Edinson Volquez gave up six runs -- five earned -- and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings , striking out five and walking none . Edinson Volquez gave up six runs -- five earned -- and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Red Sox , who have lost six of seven . Boston starter Eduardo Rodriguez allowed four runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in six innings . He struck out one and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Bradley and a sacrifice fly by David Ortiz . The Royals tied it in the fourth on an RBI double by Bradley and a run - scoring single by Rusney Castillo . Bradley doubled in a run in the fourth and scored on Moustakas ' double to make it 3 - 2 . The Royals tied it in the fourth on an RBI double by Bradley and a run - scoring single by Josh Rutledge . Boston tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Josh Rutledge .
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting for Anthony Rendon to come off the disabled list . Anthony Rendon hit a three - run homer , Jonathan Lucroy added a two - run shot and the Nationals beat the Milwaukee Brewers 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Anthony Rendon hit a three - run homer and Wilson Ramos also went deep for the Nationals , who have won three of four . Washington has won six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Jordan Zimmermann ( 10 - 8 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Scooter Gennett and Khris Davis homered for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Garza ( 6 - 14 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked six and struck out seven . Rendon hit a three - run homer in the fifth , and Khris Davis added a solo shot in the eighth for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Washington 's Bryce Harper had two hits and scored a run for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Milwaukee took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a run - scoring double by Bryce Harper and a run - scoring double by Ryan Zimmerman . Rendon hit a three - run homer in the fifth to make it 6 - 3 . Gennett led off the bottom half with a homer to left , his third of the season . The Nationals added a run in the sixth on a double by Jayson Werth and a two - out double by Espinosa .
CHICAGO -- Anthony Rizzo and the Chicago Cubs are on a roll . Rizzo hit a go - ahead RBI single in the seventh inning , Miguel Montero doubled home the go - ahead run and the Cubs beat Shelby Miller and the Atlanta Braves 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Miller ( 5 - 10 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked four . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Nick Markakis ' two - out , two - run double . Jason Motte ( 8 - 1 ) pitched a perfect sixth inning for the win . Hector Rondon pitched the ninth for his 22nd save in 26 chances . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Nick Markakis ' two - out , two - run double . Nick Markakis hit a two - out , two - run double in the fourth to give the Cubs a 4 - 1 lead . Chris Coghlan homered for the Braves , who have lost five of six . Miller ( 5 - 10 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked four . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Freddie Freeman 's RBI fielder 's choice and Nick Markakis ' two - out , two - run double in the fourth . The Cubs tied it in the bottom half on Montero 's two - out RBI double , but the Cubs tied it in the bottom half on Coghlan 's two - out homer .
PITTSBURGH -- Charlie Morton has n't had much success against the San Francisco Giants this season . Morton pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Neil Walker hit a two - run homer and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the San Francisco Giants 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Morton ( 8 - 4 ) allowed four hits in 6 2/3 innings , striking out eight and walking two . He struck out eight and walked two . Morton is the first Pirates pitcher to win his first six starts of the season , and the first time he has pitched at least six innings in each of his first seven starts . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . Pittsburgh has won four of its last five . The Giants have won four of their past five games and have the best record in the majors at 21 - 11 . The Giants have lost seven of their last 10 games . The Giants have lost six of seven . Peavy ( 3 - 6 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Giants have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Giants have lost seven of their last 10 games . The Giants have lost six of their past seven games . The Giants have lost six of their past seven games . They have lost six of their past seven games . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . The Giants have lost six of their past seven games . They have lost six of seven .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Kendrys Morales came through with a game - winning single in the 10th inning to lift the Kansas City Royals to a 4 - 3 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Kendrys Morales hit a game - ending RBI single with two outs in the 10th inning to give the Royals a 4 - 3 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Kendrys Morales drove in the game - winning run with a single off Trevor Gott ( 2 - 1 ) in the 10th to give the Royals a 3 - 2 lead . Kendrys Morales hit a two - out RBI single off Huston Street in the ninth to give the Angels a 3 - 2 lead , but the Royals tied it in the ninth on Alex Rios ' sacrifice fly . Kelvin Herrera ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a perfect 10th inning for the win . Huston Street gave up a run - scoring single to Alex Rios in the ninth , but the Angels ' bullpen could n't hold the lead . Ben Zobrist led off the 10th with a single off Trevor Gott ( 2 - 1 ) , stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch . Kendrys Morales then lined a 1 - 2 pitch to right , scoring Zobrist from second base . Street ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a perfect 10th inning for the win . David Murphy hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Angels starter Hector Santiago gave up two runs and three hits in seven innings , striking out five and walking three . The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his past five starts . The Royals tied it at 2 in the sixth when Ben Zobrist hit an RBI double and scored on Eric Hosmer 's single . The Angels tied it in the sixth when Calhoun led off with a triple and scored on Mike Trout 's groundout . The Angels tied it in the ninth on a sacrifice fly by Alex Rios .
ATLANTA -- The Atlanta Braves have n't been able to do much this season . Cameron Maybin hit a game - ending homer in the 10th inning and the Atlanta Braves beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Cameron Maybin hit a solo homer in the bottom of the 10th off David Hernandez ( 0 - 3 ) to give the Braves a 2 - 1 lead . David Aardsma ( 1 - 1 ) struck out the side in the top of the 10th to earn the win . Atlanta 's Rubby De La Rosa allowed one run and seven hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out three . Rubby De La Rosa allowed one run and seven hits in seven innings for the Braves . He walked four and struck out three . Rubby De La Rosa allowed one run and seven hits in seven innings for the Braves . He walked four and struck out three . Rubby De La Rosa allowed one run and seven hits in seven innings for the Braves . He walked four and struck out three . Rubby De La Rosa gave up one run and seven hits in seven innings for Atlanta . He struck out three , walked four and threw a season - high 99 pitches . Michael Bourn 's RBI single in the fifth tied the game 1 - all . Michael Inciarte had an RBI grounder in the eighth off David Hernandez ( 0 - 3 ) to tie the score at 1 - 1 . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth . Jace Peterson led off with a single , advanced on a groundout and scored on Michael Bourn 's grounder .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox had a chance to take the lead in the ninth inning . Avisail Garcia hit a game - ending RBI double in the 13th inning to give the White Sox a 3 - 2 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Avisail Garcia had an RBI double off Cesar Ramos ( 2 - 1 ) in the 13th inning to give the White Sox a 2 - 1 lead . Matt Albers ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win , and Huston Street got the final five outs for his 26th save . Jose Abreu led off the 13th with a single off Cesar Ramos ( 2 - 1 ) and advanced to second on a wild pitch . Avisail Garcia followed with an RBI double off the wall in left - center to give Chicago a 2 - 1 lead . Conor Gillaspie drove in a run with a groundout in the ninth off Huston Street , who was making his major league debut . Huston Street got the final five outs for his 26th save in 30 chances . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox needed a strong outing from Carlos Rodon to beat the Los Angeles Angels . Rodon struck out a career - high 11 in seven innings , Melky Cabrera drove in two runs and the White Sox beat the Los Angeles Angels 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Rodon ( 5 - 4 ) struck out a career - high 11 and allowed four hits in seven innings . He struck out a season - high 11 and walked one . David Robertson pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save . Hector Santiago ( 7 - 6 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Angels . He struck out four and walked one . The Angels have lost five of six . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost six of seven . Thompson hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Angels , who have won four of five . Thompson hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Angels , who have won four of five . Thompson hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Angels , who have won four of five . Cory Rasmus and Kole Calhoun opened the fourth with back - to - back singles to put runners on first and third with no outs . Cabrera then lined a double to left - center to give the White Sox a 2 - 0 lead . It was the third time this season the White Sox have hit back - to - back home runs . Cabrera 's two - run double in the fourth gave the White Sox a 2 - 0 lead .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels have been waiting for David Murphy to come through in the clutch . Murphy hit a bases - loaded single with two outs in the 11th inning to give the Angels a 5 - 4 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . The Angels , who have won four of five , have won seven of their last 10 games against the Orioles . Carlos Perez led off the 11th with a single off Chaz Roe ( 2 - 2 ) . Perez ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win , and Brian Matusz got the final out in the 11th for his first blown save of the season . David Lough went 0 - for - 4 with three strikeouts for the Orioles , who have lost five of six . Gerardo Parra and Chris Davis homered for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore starter Jered Weaver allowed two runs and four hits in five innings , struck out seven and did not walk a batter . The right - hander struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Baltimore starter Miguel Gonzalez gave up four runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . The right - hander struck out six and walked two . Calhoun homered in the first inning for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Baltimore took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Matt Wieters and a run - scoring double by Jonathan Schoop . Parra led off the sixth with his sixth homer of the season , a drive to left - center that bounced off the top of the wall in left - center . It was Parra 's fourth homer of the season and second in two games . The Angels tied it in the sixth when Johnny Giavotella led off with a single and scored on a single by Manny Machado .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Edinson Volquez has been a big part of the Kansas City Royals ' rotation . Volquez pitched seven strong innings , Jose Abreu hit an RBI double and the Kansas City Royals beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Volquez ( 11 - 6 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked two . The White Sox have won three straight and six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . John Danks ( 6 - 9 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings for the White Sox . He struck out six and walked three . Adam LaRoche hit a solo homer in the ninth off Greg Holland , who worked the ninth for his 24th save in 28 opportunities . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on Jose Abreu 's RBI double . Jose Abreu 's RBI double in the sixth scored Lorenzo Cain , who had doubled , to put the White Sox ahead 2 - 1 . Eric Hosmer added an RBI single in the sixth for Kansas City , which has won four of five . The White Sox have scored just four runs in their past three games . The White Sox scored in the fifth when Ben Zobrist hit a leadoff single and scored on Alex Rios ' double . The White Sox tied it in the sixth . Mike Moustakas drew a one - out walk , stole second and scored on Jose Abreu 's double to right - center . Jose Abreu followed with a run - scoring double to give the White Sox a 2 - 1 lead .
CLEVELAND -- Torii Hunter and the Minnesota Twins did n't need much offense . Hunter homered and drove in three runs , Trevor May ( 8 - 7 ) pitched a scoreless inning and the Twins beat the Cleveland Indians 10 - 9 on Tuesday night . Hunter had three hits , including a solo homer in the ninth off Bryan Shaw ( 1 - 2 ) , who gave up a solo homer to Yan Gomes in the ninth . Torii Hunter had three hits and three RBIs for the Twins , who have won four of five . Hunter had three hits , including a homer , and drove in three runs . Michael Brantley had a two - run double and Aaron Hicks had three hits and drove in a run for the Indians , who have won four of five . Glen Perkins pitched the ninth for his 30th save in 34 chances . Cleveland starter Cody Anderson gave up six runs and five hits in 2 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander gave up six runs in 2 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Trevor Plouffe 's two - run double and Eddie Rosario 's run - scoring double . The Indians scored four times in the third to take a 6 - 0 lead . Eduardo Escobar 's RBI single and Miguel Sano 's run - scoring double made it 6 - 4 . Dozier led off the sixth with his 21st homer , a solo shot , to make it 9 - 9 . Aaron Hicks had three hits , including an RBI double in the third that made it 7 - 4 .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are on their longest winning streak of the season . Zack Greinke and Adrian Gonzalez hit three - run homers , Domonic Brown hit a three - run shot and the Dodgers rallied to beat the Philadelphia Phillies 10 - 8 on Tuesday night . Greinke ( 11 - 2 ) allowed six runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The Dodgers have won five of six and have the best record in the majors at 21 - 11 . The Dodgers have lost five of six and are 2 1/2 games behind first - place Los Angeles in the NL West . David Buchanan ( 2 - 6 ) gave up seven runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings for the Phillies , who have lost five of six . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the bottom of the first and Brown hit a three - run shot in the second to give the Phillies a 5 - 3 lead . It was the first grand slam of the season for Brown , who had a career - high four RBIs . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the bottom of the first to give the Dodgers a 5 - 3 lead . It was the first homer for Gonzalez , who hit a two - run shot in the first inning off Buchanan to give the Dodgers a 5 - 3 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Buchanan , who allowed six runs and six hits in four - plus innings . The Dodgers took a 5 - 3 lead in the second on a two - run single by Howie Kendrick and a two - run single by Ryan Howard . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the second to make it 6 - 5 . The Dodgers scored three runs in the bottom half to take a 10 - 6 lead . Maikel Franco hit a two - run double and Brown hit a three - run homer to make it 10 - 8 . Kenley Jansen got the final two outs for his 21st save .
DETROIT -- The Detroit Tigers have been waiting for him to find a way to find a way to get a win . Boyd pitched seven strong innings , Kendrys Morales hit a go - ahead triple and the Tigers beat the Kansas City Royals 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Boyd ( 1 - 2 ) allowed one run and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Alex Wilson got the last out in the ninth for his second save . Johnny Cueto ( 7 - 7 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings for Kansas City . He struck out two and walked two . Kendrys Morales had two hits and an RBI for the Royals , who have lost five of six . Victor Martinez drove in a run with a groundout in the fourth , and Kendrys Morales tied it with a run - scoring triple in the fourth . Kendrys Morales had a two - out triple in the fourth for the Royals , who had scored only one run in their previous three games . The Royals had a chance to score in the first when Ian Kinsler led off with a double and went to third on a wild pitch , but Boyd struck out Lorenzo Cain and got Salvador Perez to ground into a double play . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Tyler Collins led off with a single , stole second and scored on Anthony Gose 's two - out triple . The Royals tied it in the fourth when Ian Kinsler led off with a double and scored on Victor Martinez 's groundout .
TORONTO -- R. A. Dickey 's knuckleball was working for him . Dickey pitched seven innings of two - hit ball , Chris Colabello hit a two - run homer and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 6 - 10 ) allowed two hits , struck out six and walked two . The right - hander is 6 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his past eight starts against the Royals , including a no - hitter at Kansas City on June 26 . The Blue Jays have won six of their past eight games and have won 10 of their past 13 games . Ben Zobrist hit a two - run homer and Chris Colabello hit a two - run shot for the Royals . Edinson Volquez ( 10 - 6 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings for the Royals . He walked three and struck out four . The Blue Jays have lost six of their past seven games . Royals right - hander Roberto Osuna gave up a two - run homer to Ben Zobrist in the eighth , but the Blue Jays scored twice in the bottom half . Roberto Osuna got the final four outs for his seventh save in nine chances . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Colabello hit a two - run homer off Edinson Volquez ( 10 - 6 ) in the fourth , giving the Blue Jays a 2 - 0 lead . Volquez allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out four . Colabello put the Blue Jays up 2 - 0 with a two - run homer in the fourth . It was Colabello 's fourth of the season and second in two days . Toronto added a run in the seventh on Jose Bautista 's RBI double .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Mike Leake has n't had much success against the Los Angeles Dodgers . Leake pitched a two - hitter for his first career shutout , Matt Duffy homered and drove in two runs and the Giants beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Leake ( 11 - 10 ) allowed two hits and three walks in his second career shutout . He struck out one , walked three and hit a batter . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 16 games over .500 . Mike Bolsinger ( 6 - 6 ) allowed three runs and four hits in 3 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Noonan hit a solo homer in the seventh for San Francisco , which has won five of its last six games . Noonan hit a solo home run in the seventh for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Noonan hit a solo home run in the seventh for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Noonan hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Parker allowed three runs and four hits in 3 1/3 innings . He struck out seven , walked two and hit a batter . The Dodgers have lost five of their last six games and are 2 - 6 on their current 10 - game road trip . The Dodgers have lost five of their last six games and are 2 - 6 on their current 10 - game road trip . Parker allowed three runs and four hits in 3 1/3 innings , struck out seven and walked two .
CHICAGO -- The Kansas City Royals are on their longest winning streak of the season . Eric Hosmer hit a two - run homer with two outs in the 10th inning , and the Royals beat the Chicago White Sox 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Eric Hosmer hit a two - run homer off David Robertson ( 6 - 5 ) in the 10th to give the Royals a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first two - run homer of the season for Hosmer , who hit a two - run shot in the 10th inning of Kansas City 's 3 - 2 win over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Wade Davis pitched a perfect 10th for his 15th save in 18 chances . Jose Abreu homered and Tyler Flowers had four hits for the White Sox . Mike Moustakas hit a two - run homer for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Chicago starter Jose Quintana struck out eight in nine innings , allowing three runs and five hits . He struck out eight and walked two . Chicago starter Edinson Volquez gave up one run and nine hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Adam Eaton 's RBI single . Gordon led off the third with a homer to left , his fourth of the season . Abreu tied it in the sixth with a solo shot off Jose Quintana , who struck out eight and gave up three runs and five hits in nine innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Kendrys Morales hit a one - out double and scored on Moustakas ' homer .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Justin Verlander had no problem with the Detroit Tigers . Verlander allowed one run in six innings , Tyler Collins hit a three - run homer and the Tigers beat the Texas Rangers 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 5 - 8 ) allowed one run and six hits in six innings , striking out five and walking two . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last five starts . Neftali Feliz got the final two outs for his 10th save in 12 chances . Prince Fielder homered and drove in four runs for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Colby Lewis ( 17 - 9 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in 4 2/3 innings for the Rangers , who have lost five of six . Texas has lost four of five . The Rangers have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games ahead of the Los Angeles Angels for the AL 's second wild - card spot . Verlander ( 5 - 8 ) allowed one run and six hits in six innings . He struck out five , walked two and hit a batter . The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his six starts this season . The Rangers had a chance to score in the seventh when Robinson Chirinos led off with a double and went to third on a wild pitch . But Verlander struck out Andrew Romine to end the threat . Fielder hit a two - run single in the ninth off Neftali Feliz , who got the final two outs for his 10th save in 12 chances . Fielder had three hits and drove in four runs , including a two - run single in the ninth .
WASHINGTON -- Max Scherzer pitched eight strong innings , and the Washington Nationals beat the Cincinnati Reds 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Scherzer ( 13 - 12 ) allowed one run and two hits in eight innings , striking out 10 and walking three . The right - hander is tied for the major league lead in wins , and the Nationals have won three straight . The Nationals have won six of their last seven games , and the Reds have won six of their last seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . Brandon Finnegan ( 4 - 2 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in five innings for the Reds , who have lost four of five . The Reds have lost five of six . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Reds have lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost six of their last seven games and are 1 - 4 on their nine - game homestand .
WASHINGTON -- The Philadelphia Phillies have been waiting for the Washington Nationals to get back to .500 . Jeff Francoeur hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and the Phillies held on for a 12 - 5 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . The Phillies trailed 2 - 1 in the sixth , but Jeff Ruf walked with the bases loaded and Ian Desmond hit a two - run homer off Casey Janssen to give the Phillies a 4 - 2 lead . Francoeur had three hits , including a two - run homer off Casey Janssen in the ninth . Cameron Rupp added a two - run single in the ninth . Dalier Hinojosa ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Sammy Solis gave up three runs in the ninth . Papelbon ( 4 - 3 ) took the loss , allowing five runs -- two earned -- and one hit in one inning . He walked two and struck out one . Andres Blanco hit a two - run homer off Casey Janssen in the eighth , and Freddy Galvis had a two - run single in the ninth for the Nationals , who trailed 2 - 1 in the sixth . Matthew Grace got the final out in the eighth and Jeanmar Gomez gave up a run - scoring single to Jose Lobaton with two outs in the ninth . Matthew Grace got the final out in the eighth , and Jeanmar Gomez gave up two runs in the ninth . Washington starter Gio Gonzalez gave up two runs and six hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out three . Gonzalez allowed two runs and six hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out three .
CHICAGO -- Jake Arrieta and A. J. Burnett are on the disabled list . Arrieta hit a solo homer and drove in the go - ahead run in the seventh inning , leading the Chicago Cubs to a 4 - 0 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Arrieta ( 21 - 6 ) allowed one hit in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked none . Burnett ( 9 - 6 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Cubs have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place Chicago Cubs in the NL Central . Arrieta ( 21 - 6 ) allowed one hit in seven innings , striking out nine and walking none . He also hit a batter and threw a wild pitch in the first inning . Starlin Castro hit a two - run double in the seventh off Arquimedes Caminero . Burnett ( 9 - 6 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Pittsburgh 's Dexter Fowler led off the game with a double and scored on Kris Bryant 's single to center . Bryant 's RBI single in the first gave Chicago a 1 - 0 lead . It was the first time the Cubs scored in the first two games of the three - game series at Wrigley Field . The Cubs have lost six of seven .
DENVER -- The Colorado Rockies have n't been able to find a way to win this season . Nolan Arenado hit a three - run homer and drove in five runs , and the Colorado Rockies beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 12 - 5 on Tuesday night for their season - high sixth straight win . The Rockies have won five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Rockies have lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Dodgers have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Dodgers have lost six of seven .
HOUSTON -- Carlos Correa and the Houston Astros did n't need much offense . Correa homered twice and drove in three runs , Prince Fielder had three hits and drove in two runs , and the Astros beat the Texas Rangers 9 - 7 on Tuesday night . Correa hit a solo homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the third to give the Astros a 5 - 4 lead . It was the first multi - homer game of his career . Correa hit a two - run homer in the third and a two - run shot in the seventh to make it 9 - 4 . Prince Fielder had three hits , including a two - run single in the ninth . Collin McHugh ( 18 - 7 ) allowed four runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings for the win . Will Harris got the final out for his second save . Gonzalez had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third , and a two - run shot in the seventh that gave the Astros a 5 - 4 lead . It was the first multi - homer game of the season for Correa , who hit a solo shot in the sixth to give the Astros a 4 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Correa , who has homered in three straight games for the first time this season . The Astros added three runs in the ninth off Luke Gregerson to make it 9 - 7 . Shin-Soo Choo had a two - run single and Colby Rasmus hit a two - run homer for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Gonzalez ( 4 - 6 ) gave up three runs and one hit in 1 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out none . Altuve hit his second homer of the game in the sixth inning to make it 4 - 1 . It was the second time this season the Rangers have hit back - to - back home runs . Correa hit a two - run shot in the third to cut the lead to 4 - 2 . It was the first multi - homer game of his career . Altuve hit a solo shot in the sixth to make it 5 - 4 .
ST. LOUIS -- Francisco Rodriguez has been the Milwaukee Brewers ' closer since the All-Star break . Rodriguez pitched a scoreless ninth inning for his 36th save , and the Brewers beat the St. Louis Cardinals 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Rodriguez ( 2 - 3 ) gave up a leadoff homer to Khris Davis in the top of the ninth . Khris Grichuk followed with a drive to right - center off Trevor Rosenthal ( 2 - 3 ) for his second homer of the season . Will Smith ( 7 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth for his 36th save in 38 chances . The Cardinals have won five of six . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . The Cardinals have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . St. Louis starter Ariel Pena gave up three runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a run - scoring single by Matt Carpenter and a run - scoring single by Jonathan Lucroy . Milwaukee took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Stephen Piscotty and a sacrifice fly by Jonathan Lucroy . Milwaukee took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Matt Carpenter and a sacrifice fly by Jonathan Lucroy . The Cardinals took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on an RBI single by Cruz and a sacrifice fly by Jonathan Lucroy .
WASHINGTON -- Ubaldo Jimenez has been a big part of the Baltimore Orioles ' starting rotation . Jimenez pitched six solid innings , Chris Davis hit an RBI double and the Orioles beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Jimenez ( 12 - 9 ) allowed an unearned run and three hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out five . The Orioles have won five of their last six games . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Gio Gonzalez ( 11 - 8 ) gave up four runs , four earned , and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . Baltimore 's Doug Fister struck out four in two scoreless innings , and Darren O'Day pitched the ninth for his fourth save . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning on Chris Davis ' RBI double and Nolan Reimold 's run - scoring single . Baltimore went up 2 - 0 in the second on an RBI double by Chris Davis and a run - scoring single by Steve Pearce . Baltimore took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Chris Davis and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Jose Lobaton . Baltimore took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Chris Davis and a run - scoring groundout by Jose Lobaton . Baltimore took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Steve Pearce and a run - scoring single by Jonathan Schoop . Baltimore went up 4 - 1 in the fifth on a run - scoring double by Jose Lobaton .
MIAMI -- Cody Asche was n't surprised to see Aaron Harang pitch for the Miami Marlins . Asche homered twice and drove in two runs , Aaron Harang won for the first time in four starts and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Miami Marlins 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Freddy Galvis had three hits , including a two - run single , and Darin Ruf homered for the Phillies . Harang ( 6 - 15 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Phillies have won six of their past eight games , and the Phillies have lost six of seven . Tom Koehler ( 10 - 14 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- and seven hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked three . Asche hit his second homer of the game , a solo shot in the eighth . Rojas hit a two - run homer in the seventh to make it 5 - 2 . Rojas hit a two - run homer in the seventh to make it 5 - 2 . Rojas hit a two - run homer in the seventh to make it 5 - 2 . Ruf homered in the eighth off Raudel Lazo , who was making his major league debut . Asche hit his second homer of the game , a solo shot in the eighth , to make it 6 - 2 . Rojas hit a two - run homer in the seventh to make it 6 - 2 . Harang allowed two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked two . Miami 's Chris Narveson allowed a run in two innings .
ST. LOUIS -- The St. Louis Cardinals ' bullpen did n't need much help . Jhonny Peralta hit a tying single in the eighth inning and Stephen Piscotty drove in the go - ahead run with a double in the eighth to lift the Cardinals to a 2 - 1 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . The Cardinals have won four of five and are a season - high 16 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2011 season . St. Louis has won seven of its last 10 games . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Robinson Cano and Felix Hernandez did n't need much help . Cano homered and drove in four runs , Felix Hernandez pitched into the sixth inning and the Seattle Mariners beat the Texas Rangers 9 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hernandez ( 18 - 9 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked five . Cano hit a three - run homer off Derek Holland ( 3 - 3 ) in the fifth , and Kyle Seager had a two - run double in the fifth to give the Mariners a 4 - 2 lead . Cano had a two - run homer in the fifth and a three - run shot in the fifth that made it 7 - 2 . Hernandez ( 18 - 9 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked five . The Rangers have won 10 of their last 13 games against the Rangers , who have won five of their last six games . The Rangers have lost four of five . Holland ( 3 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked five . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . Cano hit a three - run homer in the fifth and Franklin Gutierrez added a solo shot in the fifth to give the Mariners a 7 - 2 lead . It was Gutierrez 's fourth homer of the season and second in two games . Cano 's homer in the fifth gave the Mariners a 7 - 2 lead . It was the fourth time this season the Mariners have hit back - to - back homers . Cano had a run - scoring single in the fourth and a three - run homer in the fifth that made it 7 - 2 . It was the third time this season the Mariners have hit back - to - back homers . Cano had a run - scoring single in the fourth and a three - run homer in the fifth that gave the Mariners a 7 - 2 lead .
DETROIT -- Kendrys Morales and the Kansas City Royals finally got a big hit . Morales homered three times and drove in three runs , Paulo Orlando added a two - run shot and the Royals beat the Detroit Tigers 10 - 3 on Tuesday night . Morales went 4 - for - 4 with a homer and three RBIs , and Orlando Colon had a career - high four hits for Kansas City . Danny Duffy pitched four innings of two - hit ball for his first career save . Royals starter Alfredo Simon ( 13 - 10 ) allowed eight runs and a career - high 13 hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . Paulo Rios hit a two - run homer and Christian Colon had a career - high four hits for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Royals starter Kris Medlen ( 5 - 1 ) allowed three runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked three . Kris Medlen ( 5 - 1 ) allowed three runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked three . Kris Medlen ( 5 - 1 ) allowed three runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked three . Kris Medlen ( 5 - 1 ) allowed three runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked three . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a sacrifice fly by Eric Hosmer and a run - scoring single by Alex Rios . The Royals tied it at 5 in the third on a run - scoring single by Victor Martinez and a run - scoring single by Ben Zobrist . The Tigers added a run in the fifth on an RBI single by Miguel Cabrera and a run - scoring single by Morales .
DENVER -- The Colorado Rockies have n't been able to find a way to win this season . Nolan Arenado and Charlie Blackmon each had three hits , and the Rockies beat the San Diego Padres 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Nolan Arenado had two hits and drove in two runs , and Carlos Gonzalez drove in two runs for the Rockies . Christian Bergman ( 3 - 0 ) allowed one run and three hits in 3 1/3 innings for the Rockies , who have won four of five . Jedd Gyorko and Tom Murphy hit back - to - back home runs in the fifth for the Padres . Erlin ( 0 - 1 ) allowed seven runs -- seven earned -- and nine hits in three - plus innings . He walked one and struck out two . The Rockies jumped on Erlin for four runs in the first inning . Blackmon led off with a double and scored on Arenado 's single . Arenado followed with an RBI single , and Justin Upton 's RBI single made it 5 - 1 . Gyorko homered off Marcos Mateo in the sixth to make it 9 - 2 . It was Gyorko 's fourth of the season and second in two games . Murphy 's solo homer in the fifth made it 9 - 1 , and Murphy 's solo shot in the fifth gave the Rockies a 9 - 1 lead . It was the first time the Rockies had scored at least seven runs in a game this season . The Rockies scored four runs in the first inning to take a 4 - 0 lead . Blackmon led off with a double and scored on Arenado 's single . Gonzalez followed with a sacrifice fly to make it 5 - 1 .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Wei-Yin Chen pitched seven strong innings and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Chen ( 10 - 7 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Zach Britton pitched a perfect ninth for his 34th save . Erasmo Ramirez ( 10 - 6 ) gave up two runs and nine hits in seven innings for Tampa Bay . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Adam Jones drove in two runs for the Orioles , who have lost three of four . The Rays have lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven . The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven . The Rays have lost seven of their last nine games . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven . The Rays have lost six of seven . Tampa Bay has lost six of seven .
CLEVELAND -- Omar Infante and the Kansas City Royals are on a roll . Infante had three hits , including a three - run homer , and Yordano Ventura pitched five solid innings to lead the Royals to an 8 - 4 win over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Infante had three hits , including a three - run homer in the second , and a two - run double in the fifth . Infante had a two - run double in the fifth and a two - run single in the seventh . He also had a two - run double in the fifth . Yordano Ventura ( 12 - 8 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . Greg Holland got three outs for his 32nd save . Corey Kluber ( 8 - 14 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in four innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the second time in four starts . The Indians scored three runs in the fifth to take a 6 - 2 lead . Eric Hosmer 's RBI double and Infante 's two - run double made it 6 - 2 . Infante 's two - out , two - run single in the seventh made it 8 - 3 . The Indians scored three runs in the ninth off Greg Holland , who earned his 32nd save in 34 chances . The Indians scored three runs in the ninth off Greg Holland , who pitched a perfect ninth for his 32nd save in 34 chances . The Indians scored three runs in the fifth to take a 6 - 2 lead . Infante hit a two - out , two - run double off Gavin Floyd to make it 6 - 2 .
PHOENIX -- The San Diego Padres have been waiting for Matt Kemp to come through in the clutch . Matt Kemp hit a three - run homer , Jarrod Saltalamacchia also went deep and the San Diego Padres beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Cashner ( 6 - 15 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . Craig Kimbrel got four outs for his 37th save . Robbie Ray ( 4 - 12 ) gave up four runs -- four earned -- and five hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Kemp hit a three - run homer off Robbie Erlin in the fifth to give the Padres a 4 - 2 lead . It was the first homer for Kemp , who hit a two - run shot in the Diamondbacks ' 3 - 2 win over the Diamondbacks on Tuesday night . Kemp 's three - run homer off Robbie Erlin in the fifth inning put the Padres ahead 4 - 2 . The Padres tied it at 2 in the bottom half on a two - run single by Chris Owings . Arizona tied it at 1 in the fourth on Cory Spangenberg 's two - out RBI single . The Padres tied it in the bottom half on a two - out , three - run single by Chris Owings . Arizona tied it at 1 in the bottom half on a two - out , three - run homer by Kemp . Arizona tied it at 1 in the fourth on a two - out , two - run single by Chris Owings . Arizona tied it at 1 in the fourth on a two - run homer by Kemp .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Detroit Tigers needed a strong outing from Alfredo Simon to get their first win in more than a month . Victor Martinez had three hits and drove in two runs , Alfredo Simon pitched into the seventh inning and the Detroit Tigers beat the Minnesota Twins 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Simon ( 13 - 9 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out four and walked one . Detroit 's Phil Hughes ( 10 - 9 ) gave up three runs and six hits in three innings . He struck out four and walked one . Victor Martinez had three hits and drove in two runs for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Minnesota 's Miguel Sano hit a two - run single in the seventh for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Miguel Cabrera went 0 - for - 4 , ending his career - best hitting streak at 20 games -- the longest active streak in the majors . The Twins have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place Chicago White Sox in the AL Central . The Twins have lost six of their last seven games . The Twins have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Twins have lost six of their last seven games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Target Field this season . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Target Field this season .
NEW YORK -- The New York Yankees have been waiting for Dustin Ackley and the rest of the New York Yankees . Ackley hit a two - run homer , Masahiro Tanaka pitched seven innings of four - hit ball and the Yankees beat R. A. Dickey and the Toronto Blue Jays 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Tanaka ( 12 - 6 ) struck out seven and walked none in seven innings to win his third straight start . The right - hander struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander has won his last three starts against the Blue Jays , who have won six of seven . Dickey ( 10 - 11 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Ackley hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning and a two - run shot in the fourth . He added a sacrifice fly in the second and a two - run homer in the fourth . Ackley hit a two - run homer in the fourth for a 4 - 0 lead . He added a sacrifice fly in the second and a two - run homer in the fourth . It was his first home run since July 21 , a span of 51 at - bats . Rodriguez added an RBI double in the eighth off Toronto reliever Ryan Tepera . Toronto 's Alex Rodriguez had an RBI double in the eighth and a run - scoring double in the eighth . He has hit safely in all 15 games he 's played against the Yankees .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- Josh Harrison hit a game - winning single in the 11th inning to lift the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 7 - 6 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Friday night . Josh Segura had two hits and scored a run for the Pirates , who have won four of five . Pedro Alvarez hit a solo homer for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Jared Hughes ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 11th inning for the win . Tyler Thornburg ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up one run and two hits in one - third of an inning . Milwaukee starter Taylor Jungmann allowed four runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Milwaukee starter Joe Blanton gave up a run in 1 2/3 innings , but the Pirates could n't hold a 6 - 1 lead in the fourth inning . Khris Davis hit a two - run homer and Jason Rogers had a career - high four hits for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Milwaukee starter Francisco Liriano lasted only 2 1/3 innings , giving up five runs -- four earned -- and seven hits with two walks and four strikeouts . The right - hander was charged with five runs -- four earned -- and seven hits in 2 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He struck out four and walked two . The Brewers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out , two - run double by Rogers and a run - scoring single by Jordy Mercer . The Brewers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on an RBI single by Rogers and a run - scoring single by Rogers .
ATLANTA -- Bartolo Colon has a simple explanation for his success . Colon pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Kevin Plawecki drove in three runs and the New York Mets beat the Atlanta Braves 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Colon ( 14 - 11 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out two . The Mets have won four of five and are 5 - 1 against the Braves this season . Shelby Miller ( 5 - 14 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings for the Braves . He struck out five and walked two . Uribe hit a two - run double in the fourth to give the Mets a 2 - 0 lead . The Mets added three runs in the fourth . Nick Swisher led off with a double and scored on Plawecki 's double to right - center . Plawecki hit a two - run double in the fourth to give the Mets a 3 - 0 lead . The Mets added a run in the seventh on Plawecki 's RBI groundout and Simmons ' run - scoring single . Colon ( 14 - 11 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out two . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Braves have lost four of five . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Braves have lost seven of their last 10 games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Braves have lost six of seven .
SAN DIEGO -- Daniel Descalso and the Colorado Rockies are going to have a chance to make the playoffs . Descalso hit a tiebreaking home run in the eighth inning , and the Rockies beat the San Diego Padres 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Daniel Descalso also homered for the Rockies , who have won five of six . Kemp led off the bottom of the fourth with a home run to left - center off Jorge De La Rosa to tie the game at 1 . It was his 21st of the season and second in two games . It was the fourth time this season the Rockies have hit back - to - back home runs . The Rockies have homered in the first two games of the three - game series . Justin Miller ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . John Axford pitched a perfect ninth for his 21st save in 21 chances . The Padres have lost six of seven . Tyson Ross gave up three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked none . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Arenado hit a two - out homer to right - center . It was Arenado 's 21st of the season and second in two games . The Padres tied it at 1 in the fourth on Derek Norris ' sacrifice fly and Kemp 's leadoff homer . Gonzalez tied it with a leadoff homer in the sixth . It was his 21st of the season . Gonzalez tied it at 3 with a leadoff homer in the seventh . It was his 21st of the season and second in two games .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox needed a strong outing from Carlos Rodon to beat the Cleveland Indians 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Rob Brantly hit a three - run homer in the second inning and Carlos Rodon ( 7 - 6 ) allowed one run over seven innings for the White Sox , who have won four of five . Carrasco ( 12 - 10 ) gave up four runs and four hits in 2 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He struck out five and walked three . Michael Brantley hit a two - run homer off Nate Jones in the eighth to make it 7 - 4 . Jose Abreu had three hits and drove in two runs for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Cleveland has lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost four of five . Cleveland 's Mike Aviles had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the fifth that made it 4 - 1 . Abreu added a two - run homer in the eighth to make it 7 - 3 . It was the first time the White Sox hit back - to - back home runs this season . The White Sox have lost four of five . Cleveland 's Carlos Santana extended his hitting streak to a career - high 14 games with a single in the first . He was replaced by pinch - runner Francisco Lindor , who pinch - hit for Carrasco in the eighth .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Chicago White Sox needed a strong outing from Erik Johnson to beat the Kansas City Royals 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Johnson ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter . Adam Eaton had three hits , including a solo homer , and drove in a run for the White Sox , who have won four of five . Johnny Cueto ( 9 - 11 ) was charged with five runs and seven hits in three - plus innings . He walked two and struck out four . The White Sox took a 5 - 1 lead in the third on Jose Abreu 's RBI single and Avisail Garcia 's two - run single . The White Sox scored three runs in the first , including a run - scoring single by Adam LaRoche and a sacrifice fly by Rob Brantly . The White Sox scored three runs in the sixth to take a 5 - 1 lead . Mike Moustakas hit a solo home run , and Salvador Perez and Jarrod Dyson hit back - to - back home runs in the sixth to make it 6 - 1 . It was the first home run allowed by Johnson this season . It was the second time this season the White Sox have hit back - to - back home runs . Eaton had three hits , including a solo homer in the sixth that made it 6 - 1 . It was the first time the White Sox hit back - to - back home runs this season . The White Sox scored three runs in the first inning off Johnny Cueto ( 9 - 11 ) , who had allowed only one run in his previous three starts . Eaton led off the game with a single , stole second and scored on Adam LaRoche 's single . Melky Cabrera walked and scored on Rob Brantly 's sacrifice fly .
DETROIT -- The Detroit Tigers have been waiting for J. D. Martinez and the rest of the Detroit Tigers . J. D. Martinez hit a two - run homer , Tyler Collins and J. D. Martinez also went deep and the Tigers beat the Cleveland Indians 6 - 0 on Tuesday night . Simon ( 12 - 9 ) allowed two hits and four walks in seven innings . He struck out five , including the side in the first inning . Cleveland 's Danny Salazar ( 12 - 8 ) gave up six runs -- six earned -- and eight hits in 3 2 - 3 innings . He walked one and struck out one . Tyler Collins and J. D. Martinez hit back - to - back home runs in the fourth for the Indians , who have lost five of six . Martinez hit a two - run homer in the third , and Martinez hit a two - run shot in the third . J. D. Martinez hit a two - run homer in the third , and Ian Kinsler added a run - scoring single in the fourth to make it 6 - 0 . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on James McCann 's two - out RBI single . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Nicholas Castellanos led off with a single and scored on Rajai Davis ' triple . Cleveland added two more runs in the bottom of the inning on Collins ' solo homer and Martinez 's two - run shot to make it 3 - 0 . The Tigers added a run in the fourth on an RBI single by James McCann , but the Tigers made it 6 - 0 in the fourth on Collins ' solo homer .
MIAMI -- Martin Prado had a game - winning , two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Miami Marlins rallied for a 6 - 5 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Martin Prado had a two - out , two - run single in the ninth to give the Marlins a 5 - 4 lead . Christian Yelich led off the 11th with a single off Erik Goeddel ( 0 - 1 ) , who was making his major league debut . Christian Yelich followed with a single , and Prado followed with an RBI single to give the Marlins a 5 - 4 lead . Prado had a two - out , two - run single in the ninth to give the Marlins a 5 - 4 lead . Cespedes hit a two - run homer off Eric O'Flaherty in the seventh to give the Mets a 4 - 3 lead . Brian Ellington ( 1 - 0 ) earned his first major league win with a scoreless 11th inning . Miami 's Tom Koehler allowed two runs and five hits in six innings for the Marlins , who have won four of five . Cespedes hit a two - run homer off Eric O'Flaherty in the seventh to give the Mets a 4 - 3 lead . Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the seventh to give the Mets a 4 - 3 lead . Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the seventh to give the Mets a 4 - 3 lead . Marcell Ozuna drew a bases - loaded walk in the seventh to give the Mets a 5 - 4 lead . Mets starter Jacob deGrom allowed three runs and nine hits in six innings .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Albert Pujols hit a two - run homer in the second inning , and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Oakland Athletics 9 - 4 on Tuesday night . Albert Pujols hit a two - run homer and David Murphy had three hits and drove in a run for the Angels , who have won four of five . Heaney ( 6 - 2 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The right - hander struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . David Freese had two hits and drove in two runs for the A 's . Kole Calhoun had three hits and scored three runs for the Angels , who have won four of five . Gray ( 12 - 7 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked one . Pujols hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the ninth . Brett Lawrie and Josh Phegley hit two - run homers for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Pujols hit a two - run homer off Gray in the second inning and added a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the ninth . The A 's lost for the seventh time in nine games and fell to 1 - 6 on their nine - game West Coast road trip . The A 's have lost five of their last six games and are 2 - 8 since the All-Star break .
CHICAGO -- The Cincinnati Reds have n't been able to do much this season . Joey Votto hit a three - run homer with two outs in the ninth inning , and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Chicago Cubs 7 - 4 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight win . Votto hit a three - run shot off J. J. Hoover ( 7 - 0 ) in the ninth , and Kris Bryant hit a two - run homer in the eighth to give the Reds a 7 - 4 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Cubs starter Hector Rondon ( 5 - 3 ) this season . Votto hit a three - run homer off J. J. Hoover ( 7 - 0 ) in the ninth . Kris Bryant hit a two - run homer off J. J. Hoover ( 7 - 0 ) in the eighth to give the Cubs a 4 - 3 lead . Kris Bryant hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Cubs starter Jason Hammel gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Jason Bourgeois led off the game with a home run and Anthony Rizzo hit a solo shot in the third for the Cubs , who have lost five of six . Tommy La Stella hit a solo homer for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Cubs starter Clayton Richard left with a 4 - 2 lead in the sixth , and the Reds tied it in the ninth on Votto 's two - out , three - run homer off Aroldis Chapman . It was Votto 's 19th homer of the season and second in two games . The Cubs have won five of six and have the best record in the majors at 21 - 11 . The Cubs have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Reds this season . Cubs starter Raisel Iglesias gave up two runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out 10 and walked three .
TORONTO -- R. A. Dickey 's knuckleball was n't a problem for the Cleveland Indians . Dickey pitched a four - hitter , Josh Donaldson had three hits and three RBI and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Cleveland Indians 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 10 - 10 ) allowed one run and four hits in his second complete game of the season . He walked none and struck out six . The right - hander is 7 - 0 in his past eight starts against the Indians . The Blue Jays have won six of their past eight games and have won six of their past seven games . Cleveland 's Trevor Bauer ( 10 - 11 ) allowed five runs and six hits in 1 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out two . The Blue Jays jumped on Bauer in the first . Donaldson hit a two - run double and Tulowitzki followed with an RBI single . Donaldson doubled and scored on Carlos Santana 's two - out single in the fourth , but the Blue Jays answered with three runs in the second . Donaldson hit a two - run double and Tulowitzki followed with an RBI single . The Blue Jays added two more in the second . Ben Revere reached on an infield single , stole second and scored on Donaldson 's single . Donaldson followed with a two - run double , and Tulowitzki followed with an RBI single . Donaldson hit a two - run double in the second and scored on Donaldson 's two - run double . Donaldson hit a two - run double in the second and scored on Tulowitzki 's sacrifice fly . Donaldson doubled home a run in the second , his third hit of the game .
NEW YORK -- Matt Harvey did n't have his best stuff , and the New York Mets did n't need much offense . Harvey pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Ruben Tejada homered and drove in four runs , and the New York Mets beat the Philadelphia Phillies 9 - 4 on Tuesday night . Harvey ( 12 - 7 ) allowed four runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out nine and walked one . The Mets have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 16 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2009 season . Yoenis Cespedes homered and drove in a run for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Aaron Nola ( 5 - 2 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in four - plus innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Michael Conforto hit a two - run homer for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Darnell Sweeney hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Philadelphia has lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 1/2 games behind first - place Washington in the NL East . New York has lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 1/2 games behind the first - place Mets in the NL East . New York has lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven and are 2 1/2 games behind first - place Washington in the NL East . The Phillies have lost six of their last seven games .
MILWAUKEE -- Jimmy Nelson had a strong start to the season for the Milwaukee Brewers . Nelson pitched seven strong innings , Adam Lind had two hits and drove in two runs and the Brewers beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Nelson ( 11 - 10 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked none . Nelson ( 11 - 10 ) gave up a solo homer to Aramis Ramirez in the ninth . Francisco Rodriguez got the final out for his major league - leading 32nd save in 35 chances . The Brewers have won five of six and have the best record in the majors at 21 - 11 . The Pirates have lost six of seven . Cole ( 15 - 8 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . He walked one and struck out two . The Pirates scored four runs in the first inning off Gerrit Cole ( 15 - 8 ) . Adam Lind hit a two - run double and Jonathan Lucroy singled in a run to make it 4 - 0 . Cole allowed five runs and eight hits in four innings . He walked one and struck out two . Neil Walker had two hits and drove in a run for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Pittsburgh has lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost four of five . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five .
DENVER -- Rubby De La Rosa pitched six solid innings , and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the Colorado Rockies 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Paul Goldschmidt and A. J. Pollock also homered for the Diamondbacks . De La Rosa ( 12 - 6 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the third time this season . De La Rosa was lifted for a pinch - hitter in the seventh after giving up a two - run double to Aaron Hill . Josh Collmenter pitched the final two innings for his first career save . Scott Oberg ( 3 - 4 ) took the loss , allowing three runs in one - third of an inning . Arizona starter Kyle Kendrick allowed one run and three hits in four - plus innings . He walked two and struck out two . Kendrick ( 12 - 6 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . De La Rosa has allowed three runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . The Rockies took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first . Arenado hit a two - out RBI single and Pollock followed with his two - run homer to make it 1 - 0 . Colorado tied it in the bottom half on Arenado 's two - out RBI single . The Diamondbacks tied it in the bottom half on a two - run double by Aaron Hill and a two - run homer by A. J. Pollock . Colorado tied it at 3 in the seventh on a two - run double by Hill .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Johnny Cueto did n't have his best stuff . Cueto pitched a two - hitter for his first career complete game , and the Kansas City Royals beat the New York Mets 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Cueto ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and two hits , walked three and struck out four in his second complete game of the season . The right - hander , who signed a $ 55 million , five - year contract in the offseason , has a 1.00 ERA in his first three starts this season . The right - hander , who signed a $ 55 million , four - year deal with the Royals in January , has a 1.00 ERA in his first three starts this season . The Royals , who won the first two games of the series , took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on an RBI single by Lucas Duda and a two - out , two - run single by Eric Hosmer . deGrom ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out two . Alcides Escobar had an RBI single in the fifth and Alex Gordon an RBI double in the eighth to make it 6 - 1 . Alex Gordon had an RBI double and Mike Moustakas an RBI single in the fifth to make it 4 - 1 . The Mets added three runs in the eighth off Addison Reed , who was making his major league debut . Alex Gordon 's RBI double and Hosmer 's two - run single gave the Royals a 5 - 1 lead . Kansas City added three runs in the eighth off Addison Reed .
TORONTO -- The Kansas City Royals have been waiting for Troy Tulowitzki to get back in the lineup . Troy Tulowitzki hit a three - run double , Marco Estrada pitched three - hit ball into the eighth inning and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Kansas City Royals 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Chris Colabello and Salvador Perez also homered for the Blue Jays , who have won four of five . Tulowitzki had a three - run double in the sixth inning and a three - run double in the sixth . Estrada ( 1 - 1 ) allowed one run and three hits in 7 2/3 innings to win for the first time in four starts . He walked one and struck out five . Danny Duffy gave up two runs and four hits in two - plus innings , striking out five . Danny Duffy gave up two runs and four hits in two - plus innings for the Royals , who lost for the third time in four games . Volquez allowed five runs and three hits in five - plus innings . He walked four and struck out two . Royals starter Edinson Volquez ( 1 - 1 ) allowed five runs and three hits in five - plus innings . He walked four and struck out two . Colabello put the Blue Jays up 1 - 0 in the second with his first homer of the season , a drive into the second deck in left . It was the first homer allowed by Volquez this season . The Blue Jays broke it open with a four - run sixth . Edwin Encarnacion drew a bases - loaded walk , Tulowitzki hit a three - run double and Bautista added an RBI double .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Johnny Cueto did n't need much run support for the Kansas City Royals . Cueto pitched eight innings of two - hit ball , Luis Valbuena hit a two - run homer and the Kansas City Royals beat the Houston Astros 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cueto ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs and two hits , struck out eight and did not walk a batter . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . The Royals have won five of their first six games against the Astros , who have the worst record in the American League . The Astros have lost six of their last seven games . The Astros have lost six of their last seven games . Houston 's Collin McHugh ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and five hits in four - plus innings . He walked one and struck out one . Luis Valbuena hit a two - run homer in the second inning for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Morales hit a three - run homer off Dallas Keuchel in the eighth to make it 7 - 2 . It was the first home run allowed by Houston this season . The Astros have won five of their last six games , and the Royals have lost six of their past seven games . Houston 's Mike Fiers gave up a run and a hit in the fifth , but the Astros could n't hold the lead . Mike Moustakas was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second on Alex Gordon 's single to center . The Royals , who have the worst record in the majors , took a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Evan Gattis led off with a single and Valbuena followed with his first homer of the season . The Royals tied it in the bottom half on Eric Hosmer 's RBI single .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- R. A. Dickey and the Toronto Blue Jays kept their playoff hopes alive . Kevin Pillar had three hits , including a homer , and drove in three runs as the Blue Jays beat the Texas Rangers 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Blue Jays have won five of their last six games against the Rangers , who have the worst record in the majors . The Blue Jays have won five of their last six games against the Rangers , who have the worst record in the majors . The Blue Jays have lost six of their last seven games , including the first two games of the series . The Blue Jays have won five of their last six games against the Rangers , who have the worst record in the majors . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games , including the first two games of the series . Holland ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and five hits in two - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked one and struck out none . Josh Donaldson hit a two - run homer in the first for the Rangers , who have lost three of four . Chris Colabello hit a solo homer in the first for the Rangers , who have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . They 've lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . They 've lost five of their last six games , including three of four against the Blue Jays . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . They 've lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . They 've lost five of their last six games , including three of four in the series .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Cole Hamels pitched a three - hitter for his first career complete game , and the Texas Rangers beat the Los Angeles Angels 9 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hamels ( 13 - 8 ) allowed two runs and three hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out eight and walked two in his second complete game of the season . Albert Pujols hit a two - run homer off Garrett Richards ( 15 - 12 ) in the first inning and Adrian Beltre hit a two - run shot in the fifth to give the Rangers a 3 - 2 lead . Beltre 's two - run homer off Cory Rasmus in the fifth gave the Rangers a 3 - 2 lead . Beltre 's two - run homer off Cory Rasmus in the fifth gave the Rangers a 3 - 2 lead . Beltre 's two - run homer off Cory Rasmus in the fifth gave the Rangers a 3 - 2 lead . Beltre 's two - run homer off Cory Rasmus in the fifth gave the Rangers a 3 - 2 lead . Beltre 's two - run homer off Cory Rasmus in the fifth gave the Rangers a 3 - 2 lead . Beltre 's two - run homer in the fifth gave the Rangers a 3 - 2 lead . Beltre 's two - run homer in the fifth gave the Rangers a 3 - 2 lead . Beltre 's two - run homer in the fifth gave the Rangers a 3 - 2 lead . Beltre 's two - run homer in the fifth gave the Rangers a 3 - 2 lead . Beltre 's two - run homer in the fifth gave the Rangers a 3 - 2 lead . Beltre 's two - run homer in the fifth gave the Rangers a 3 - 2 lead . The Angels added three runs in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Mitch Moreland and a two - run double by Elvis Andrus .
MILWAUKEE -- Kyle Hendricks did n't need much help from the Chicago Cubs . The right - hander pitched six innings of one - hit ball to lead the Cubs to a 1 - 0 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Hendricks ( 8 - 7 ) allowed one hit in six innings , striking out eight and walking none . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the third time this season . Hendricks is the first Cubs pitcher to throw a no - hitter this season , and the Cubs have won the first two games of the three - game series . Cubs manager Joe Maddon was impressed with Hendricks . Hector Rondon pitched a perfect ninth for his 30th save in 32 chances . Hendricks ( 0 - 2 ) gave up one run and seven hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Brewers have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place Chicago Cubs in the NL Central . The Brewers have lost six of their last seven games . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost seven of their last nine games . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven .
NEW YORK -- Carlos Beltran and the New York Yankees are on a roll . Carlos Beltran hit his first home run of the season , CC Sabathia won for the first time in four starts and the Yankees beat the Boston Red Sox 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Sabathia ( 6 - 10 ) allowed one run and six hits in five innings , striking out three and walking three . Dellin Betances struck out two in a perfect ninth for his ninth save . Rich Hill ( 2 - 1 ) gave up two runs and four hits in six innings for the Red Sox , who have lost six of seven . Boston has lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost six of seven and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Red Sox have lost six of seven and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place New York Yankees in the AL East . Mookie Betts had an RBI single for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Rob Refsnyder led off the eighth with a homer off Heath Hembree to make it 4 - 1 . Bird homered off Heath Hembree in the eighth to make it 4 - 1 . It was the first home run allowed by Boston this season . Beltran homered off Jean Machi to make it 4 - 1 in the seventh . Jean Machi allowed two hits and a run in the eighth , and Adam Warren struck out the side in the eighth . Adam Warren struck out three in three scoreless innings , and Dellin Betances worked a perfect ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . Boston 's Alex Rodriguez extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Derek Holland pitched six scoreless innings , and the Texas Rangers beat the Los Angeles Angels 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Holland ( 3 - 1 ) allowed four hits , struck out one and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . He struck out one and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Angels have won four of five , and the Angels have won four of five . The Angels have lost five of six and have been shut out for the first time this season . Angels starter Matt Shoemaker ( 1 - 4 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 2 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked none and struck out one . Mitch Moreland hit a three - run homer in the third for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Albert Pujols hit a solo homer in the ninth for Los Angeles , which has lost four of five . The Angels have lost five of six . The Angels have lost five of six and have been shut out for the first time this season . The Angels had a season - high 16 hits , including four in the third inning . The Angels had a season - high 16 hits , including three in the third , and a sacrifice fly by Nomar Mazara in the third . Adrian Beltre had an RBI single in the third and Nomar Mazara had a sacrifice fly in the third for the Angels , who have lost four of five . The Angels have lost six of their last seven games and have lost five of six .
LOS ANGELES -- Jose Fernandez has been a big part of the Miami Marlins ' rotation . Fernandez pitched six innings of five - hit ball , and the Miami Marlins beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Fernandez ( 2 - 2 ) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings , struck out eight and walked three . The right - hander struck out eight and walked three in his first start against the Dodgers since July 29 , 2011 , when he was pitching for the Los Angeles Dodgers . The Marlins have won five of their last six games , and the Dodgers have won six of their last seven games . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . Kenta Maeda ( 3 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 6 2 - 3 innings , struck out five and walked one . The right - hander struck out five and walked one in his second start since coming off the 15 - day disabled list with a strained right lat muscle . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Yasmani Grandal 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by Yasiel Puig . Realmuto tied it 1 - 1 in the second with his second homer of the season . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Prado and a run - scoring single by Yasiel Puig . The Dodgers tied it 2 - all in the seventh on Dee Gordon 's RBI single with two outs . Gordon 's two - out RBI single tied the score at 2 - all in the seventh , but Stanton made it 5 - 2 with a drive to left - center on a 1 - 1 pitch from Ross . It was Stanton 's 22nd homer of the season and second in two games .
SEATTLE -- Jose Altuve hit a leadoff home run and scored the go - ahead run on Hisashi Iwakuma 's wild pitch in the fifth inning , and the Houston Astros beat the Seattle Mariners 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Jose Altuve homered and drove in two runs , and Evan Gattis drove in three runs for the Astros . Collin McHugh ( 2 - 3 ) allowed two runs and five hits in five innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out three and walked one . Robinson Cano hit a solo home run in the first inning and Adam Lind added a solo shot in the sixth for the Astros . Hisashi Iwakuma ( 0 - 3 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in five innings for the Mariners . He struck out seven and walked two . Altuve hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Hisashi Feliz to give the Astros a 1 - 0 lead . Altuve doubled in the third and scored on Gattis ' sacrifice fly . Altuve doubled in the third and scored on a single by Carlos Correa to make it 3 - 1 . Altuve doubled in the third and scored on a single by Colby Rasmus to make it 3 - 1 . Altuve doubled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Ketel Marte in the fifth to give the Astros a 5 - 2 lead . Cano 's RBI single in the third made it 3 - 2 and chased Iwakuma , who gave up five hits and two runs in five innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Altuve .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Chris Tillman and the Baltimore Orioles finally found a way to beat the Tampa Bay Rays . Tillman pitched two - hit ball into the seventh inning , Joey Rickard hit a three - run homer and the Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Tillman ( 2 - 1 ) allowed two hits , walked two and struck out a season - high nine in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out nine and walked two . Zach Britton pitched the ninth for his fifth save . Matt Moore ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs and three hits in seven innings for Tampa Bay . The right - hander struck out nine and walked two . Joey Rickard hit a three - run homer in the fifth for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Tampa Bay went ahead 3 - 0 in the fifth when Jonathan Schoop hit a one - out single , stole second and scored on Rickard 's two - out , three - run homer off Matt Moore ( 1 - 2 ) . Baltimore went ahead 3 - 0 on Rickard 's three - run homer in the fifth . Rickard hit a three - run homer off Moore in the fifth to make it 3 - 0 . Tampa Bay loaded the bases with one out in the seventh , but Ryan Webb came on and retired Rickard on a fly ball to end the threat . Baltimore 's Logan Morrison extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first . He was replaced by pinch - runner Brandon Guyer , who reached on a fielder 's choice in the ninth .
NEW YORK -- Brian McCann and the New York Yankees got a big hit from the Tampa Bay Rays . Brian McCann hit a two - run homer , Jacoby Ellsbury added a two - run single and the Yankees beat the Tampa Bay Rays 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Ivan Nova ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 2 1/3 scoreless innings for his first major league win , and Andrew Miller pitched the ninth for his fourth save in four chances . Yankees starter Matt Moore ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Brian McCann hit a two - run homer for Tampa Bay , which has lost four of five . Mark Teixeira had three hits and scored twice for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Rays starter CC Sabathia gave up three runs and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Rays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run double by Logan Forsythe and a run - scoring single by Brandon Guyer . Tampa Bay took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run double by Teixeira and a two - run homer by McCann . Tampa Bay took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run double by Teixeira and a two - run homer by McCann . Tampa Bay took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run double by Jacoby Ellsbury and a two - run homer by McCann . Tampa Bay took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by McCann .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Jeff Samardzija is pitching like the ace the San Francisco Giants are doing . Samardzija pitched into the eighth inning , Brandon Belt and Buster Posey each had two hits and the Giants beat the Miami Marlins 8 - 1 on Tuesday night . Samardzija ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and six hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Samardzija is the first San Francisco pitcher to go at least 7 2/3 innings in each of his first seven starts since the franchise moved from San Francisco to San Francisco in 1958 , according to information provided to the Giants by the Elias Sports Bureau . Brandon Crawford had two hits and drove in a run for the Giants , who have won four of five . Denard Span had two hits and reached base four times for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Christian Yelich had three hits for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Miami 's Jarred Cosart ( 0 - 1 ) was tagged for six runs and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked six and struck out one . The Marlins scored three runs in the first inning off Jarred Ramos ( 0 - 1 ) . Brandon Crawford had an RBI single and Justin Bour an RBI single to make it 3 - 1 . The Giants scored three runs in the fifth to take a 6 - 1 lead . Denard Span had an RBI single and Angel Pagan added a run - scoring single to make it 6 - 1 . Brandon Belt and Christian Yelich each had three hits for the Giants .
HOUSTON -- Steven Wright 's first win of the season came in the Boston Red Sox 's 6 - 2 win over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . Wright ( 1 - 2 ) allowed one unearned run and four hits in 6 2/3 innings to win for the first time in four starts . Mookie Betts had four hits for the Red Sox , who took two of three from the Astros . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games and have won eight of their last 10 games . Houston starter Collin McHugh ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 10 hits and five runs in four - plus innings . He was replaced by Craig Kimbrel , who got the last out in the ninth for his fifth save in five chances . Betts had four hits and scored three runs for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Betts doubled in the first inning and scored on a sacrifice fly by Dustin Pedroia . Hanley Ramirez had a sacrifice fly in the first , and Betts had an RBI double in the second . Betts had an RBI double in the second and a run - scoring double in the fourth to push the lead to 5 - 0 . McHugh allowed 10 hits and five runs with three strikeouts in four innings . The Red Sox scored a run in the first inning on a single by Brock Holt and an RBI double by Dustin Pedroia . Betts had an RBI double in the second and a run - scoring double in the fourth to push the lead to 5 - 0 . Xander Bogaerts added a run - scoring double in the seventh .
SAN DIEGO -- Gerrit Cole pitched six scoreless innings , and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the San Diego Padres 11 - 1 on Tuesday night . Cole ( 1 - 2 ) allowed four hits and struck out seven in six innings to win for the first time in four starts . The right - hander struck out seven and walked none in his second start since coming off the 15 - day disabled list with a strained right shoulder . The right - hander struck out seven , walked none and hit a batter . Josh Harrison had two hits and drove in two runs for the Pirates , who have won three of four . The Pirates have won four of five . The Pirates have lost six of seven . Shields ( 0 - 3 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Padres scored three runs in the seventh off reliever Brad Hand . Starling Marte doubled in a run and David Freese hit a two - run single to make it 11 - 0 . Francisco Cervelli hit a two - run single and John Jaso an RBI double to make it 7 - 0 . Jon Jay had an RBI single in the eighth , and Sean Rodriguez drew a bases - loaded walk in the seventh to make it 11 - 0 . Gregory Polanco had two hits and scored two runs for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Shields allowed three runs and five hits in six - plus innings , struck out five and walked two . Matt Joyce , who was 0 - for - 3 , was hitless in three at - bats .
CLEVELAND -- Robinson Cano and the Seattle Mariners finally got a big hit . Cano hit a three - run homer with two outs in the 10th inning , lifting the Mariners to a 10 - 7 win over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Cano hit a two - out , three - run homer off Cody Allen ( 0 - 1 ) in the 10th to give the Mariners a 10 - 7 win over the Indians on Tuesday night . Cano hit a three - run homer in the 10th inning off Cody Benoit , and Mike Napoli added a two - run shot in the eighth to make it 7 - 7 . Tony Zych ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Steve Cishek pitched a perfect 10th for his third save . Rajai Davis hit a three - run homer and Steve Clevenger hit a two - run shot for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Cleveland starter Nate Karns allowed five runs -- four earned -- and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . The right - hander struck out five and walked four . Seattle 's Cody Anderson gave up five runs and nine hits in 3 2/3 innings . The right - hander struck out three and walked none . The Indians scored three runs in the fourth to take a 5 - 0 lead . Adam Lind led off with a single and Clevenger followed with his first homer of the season , a two - run shot . Nelson Cruz added a bases - loaded walk in the fourth to make it 5 - 0 . Seth Smith 's sacrifice fly in the fourth made it 4 - 0 .
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting for the Toronto Blue Jays to take advantage of the Toronto Blue Jays . Manny Machado hit a go - ahead double in the eighth inning , and the Orioles beat the Toronto Blue Jays 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Baltimore took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a run - scoring double by Josh Donaldson and a run - scoring single by Manny Machado . The Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half on a bases - loaded walk by Russell Martin . Baltimore went up 2 - 0 in the bottom half . Rickard led off with a single , stole second and scored on Josh Donaldson 's double . Justin Smoak drew a bases - loaded walk before Machado singled in a run to make it 2 - 0 . In the bottom half , Michael Saunders led off with a double and scored on a single by J. J. Hardy . The Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half on an RBI single by Rickard , who had three hits . Baltimore starter Chris Tillman allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a run - scoring single by Josh Donaldson and a run - scoring single by Machado . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on an RBI single by Machado . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Rickard led off with a single , stole second and scored on a single by Machado . The Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half on an RBI single by Machado .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Edinson Volquez has been a big part of the Kansas City Royals ' rotation . Volquez pitched seven innings of five - hit ball , Mike Moustakas homered and the Kansas City Royals beat the Detroit Tigers 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Volquez ( 3 - 0 ) allowed five hits , walked one and struck out five . The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a < unk > ERA in three starts against the Tigers this season . The Royals have won three straight and five of six . The Royals have lost six of seven . Mike Pelfrey ( 0 - 3 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in five innings for the Tigers . He walked five and struck out two . Mike Moustakas hit a solo home run in the fourth for the Tigers , who have lost three of four . The Royals have lost three straight and seven of nine . Kansas City has lost six of seven . The Royals have scored just four runs in their past three games . Kansas City scored in the first inning on Lorenzo Cain 's RBI single , and Escobar 's sacrifice fly in the fourth made it 2 - 0 . Kansas City added a run in the fourth when Omar Infante led off with a double and scored on Alcides Escobar 's sacrifice fly . Kendrys Morales had two hits for the Tigers , who have lost three of four . The Tigers have lost three of their past four games and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . Kansas City has lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of seven .
MIAMI -- Stephen Strasburg had his best outing of the season , and the Washington Nationals ' offense did n't . Strasburg allowed three hits in eight scoreless innings , Bryce Harper hit a grand slam and the Washington Nationals beat the Miami Marlins 7 - 0 on Tuesday night . Strasburg ( 3 - 0 ) allowed three hits and struck out 10 in eight innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out 10 , walked two and hit a batter . Jayson Werth hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Adam Conley ( 0 - 1 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings for Miami . He struck out eight and walked one . Wilson Ramos hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Ryan Zimmerman hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Harper hit a three - run homer off Chris Narveson in the seventh to make it 7 - 0 . It was the first grand slam of the season for Harper , who hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning of Tuesday 's 3 - 2 win over the New York Mets . It was the first grand slam of the season for Harper , who hit a three - run homer in Friday 's win over the New York Mets . It was the first grand slam of the season for Harper , who hit a three - run homer in the 10th inning of the Marlins ' 3 - 2 win over the New York Mets on Tuesday . The Nationals , who have won five of their past six games , have lost five of six . Strasburg allowed two runs and five hits in 2 1/3 innings . He struck out a season - high eight and walked one .
CHICAGO -- The Los Angeles Angels finally got their first win of the season . Hector Santiago pitched two - hit ball over seven innings , Kole Calhoun had two hits and scored twice and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Chicago White Sox 7 - 0 on Tuesday night . Santiago ( 1 - 0 ) struck out a career - high 10 and allowed only two hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out a season - high 10 . The Angels have won five of their last six games and have won five of their last six games . The Angels have won five of their last six games against the White Sox , who have won four of five . Carlos Rodon ( 1 - 2 ) gave up five runs and six hits in one - third of an inning for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox scored five runs in the first inning off Carlos Rodon ( 1 - 2 ) , who allowed five runs and six hits in one - third of an inning . Andrelton Simmons had three hits and scored twice for the Angels , who have won four of five . Cron had three hits and drove in a pair of runs , and Geovany Soto had an RBI single for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . The White Sox scored five runs in the first inning off White Sox starter Jake Petricka . Kole Calhoun had an RBI single and Johnny Giavotella added a run - scoring single to make it 5 - 0 . The Angels made it 6 - 0 in the third on RBI singles by Geovany Soto and Cron .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Sonny Gray has been a tough - luck loser for the Oakland Athletics . Josh Reddick hit a three - run homer in the first inning , Gray pitched six strong innings and the A 's beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Gray ( 2 - 1 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Josh Reddick hit a three - run homer in the first inning , and Stephen Vogt added a solo shot in the seventh for the A 's , who have won four of five . Oakland 's Chris Young ( 0 - 3 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . He walked two and struck out two . Royals starter Dillon Gee allowed one run and two hits in three innings in his major league debut . He walked two and struck out none . Dillon Gee came on to start the seventh and gave up Vogt 's homer leading off the seventh . It was Vogt 's first home run of the season . The A 's added an insurance run in the ninth on Alcides Escobar 's two - out RBI single . Ryan Madson pitched the ninth for his third save . He allowed a run in the ninth before getting his third save in four chances . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Lorenzo Cain 's RBI single . Lorenzo Cain 's RBI single in the first gave the Royals a 4 - 1 lead . Rey Fuentes 's RBI single in the fourth made it 4 - 2 .
PHILADELPHIA -- Bryce Harper and the Washington Nationals are on a roll . Bryce Harper homered and drove in two runs , Jayson Werth had a three - run double and the Nationals beat the Philadelphia Phillies 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Ross ( 2 - 0 ) allowed three hits in 7 2/3 innings , struck out five and walked two . The right - hander , who signed a $ 144 million , five - year deal with the Nationals in January , has allowed three runs or less in five of his last six starts . The Nationals jumped on Jeremy Hellickson ( 1 - 1 ) for five runs in the first inning . Harper hit a two - run homer off Brett Oberholtzer to make it 9 - 0 . Danny Espinosa added a run - scoring single for the Nationals , who have won five of six . The Phillies have won five of six and have the worst record in the majors . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Phillies have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Phillies have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Phillies have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Phillies have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Phillies have lost four of five .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels are going to need more wins than any other team in the majors . Albert Pujols hit a two - run single in the ninth inning , Matt Shoemaker pitched six innings of one - hit ball and the Angels beat the Oakland Athletics 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Kole Calhoun had three hits and drove in two runs , and Mike Trout had three hits and scored three times . Shoemaker ( 1 - 1 ) allowed one hit in six innings , struck out five and walked three . The right - hander struck out five , walked three and hit a batter . Marcus Semien homered in the eighth for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Eric Surkamp ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out one . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Calhoun 's RBI single . Calhoun 's RBI single in the fifth gave the Angels a 2 - 0 lead . The Angels added a run in the eighth on Pujols ' two - run single off Liam Hendriks . Pujols hit a two - run single off Fernando Salas in the ninth to make it 5 - 1 . Trout doubled leading off the third and scored on Calhoun 's two - out single . Calhoun added an RBI single in the fifth to make it 2 - 0 . Trout doubled leading off the third and scored on Calhoun 's single . The A 's had a chance to score in the fourth when Trout led off with a single and advanced to third on a wild pitch . But Shoemaker struck out Billy Butler and Pujols to end the threat .
DETROIT -- Justin Upton and the Detroit Tigers did n't need much offense . Justin Upton had four hits , including a home run , and drove in two runs , leading the Tigers to an 8 - 2 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Justin Upton had four hits , including a home run , and drove in two runs for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Upton went 4 - for - 5 with a home run and two RBIs , and Victor Martinez added a two - run double for the Tigers . Anibal Sanchez ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Starling Marte hit a two - run homer for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Juan Nicasio ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and six hits in three innings . He walked five and struck out four . The Pirates have lost four of five . Upton had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the first inning . He had a run - scoring double in the second and a two - run homer in the sixth to make it 8 - 2 . Upton had four hits , including a two - run homer in the sixth that put the Tigers ahead 6 - 2 . Upton had four hits , including a solo homer in the first , and a two - run single in the sixth . He had a two - run double in the sixth and a two - run homer in the sixth to make it 8 - 2 . Kinsler homered in the seventh to make it 8 - 2 .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Mike Trout and the Los Angeles Angels are doing their best to make the playoffs . Mike Trout hit a two - run homer , Nick Tropeano pitched five scoreless innings and the Angels beat the Oakland Athletics 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Tropeano ( 1 - 0 ) struck out six and allowed six hits in his first major league start . He walked two and struck out six . Huston Street got the final out for his second save . Sonny Gray ( 1 - 1 ) allowed three runs and six hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Trout hit a two - run homer in the sixth off Gray , who allowed three runs and six hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Daniel Nava hit an RBI single in the sixth for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Andrelton Simmons hit an RBI single in the eighth for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Marcus Semien hit an RBI single with two outs in the ninth off Joe Smith , but the A 's could n't hold the lead . Joe Smith got the final two outs of the inning and Huston Street got the final out for his second save in four chances . Oakland 's Albert Pujols was 1 - for - 3 with a walk and a stolen base . He stole his first base of the season and scored on Trout 's two - run homer in the sixth . Trout hit a two - run shot in the sixth to make it 3 - 0 .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Chicago White Sox needed a solid start from Jose Quintana . Quintana pitched six strong innings , Austin Jackson hit a two - run single and the White Sox beat the Minnesota Twins 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Quintana ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . David Robertson pitched a perfect ninth for his third save . Kyle Gibson ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs -- one earned -- and six hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost three of their last four games and are 1 - 6 on their current 10 - game road trip . The Twins have lost four of five and are 1 - 4 on their nine - game homestand . Brett Lawrie had two hits and drove in a run for the Twins , who have lost four of five . They have lost six of their last seven games and are 1 - 6 on their current 10 - game road trip . The Twins have lost four of five and are 1 - 8 in their last 10 games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series since the All-Star break . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Target Field this season . The Twins have lost six of their last seven games and are 1 - 6 on their current 10 - game road trip . The Twins have lost six of their last seven games and are 1 - 6 on their current 10 - game homestand .
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting for Daniel Murphy . Murphy hit a two - run homer , Max Scherzer pitched six strong innings and the Washington Nationals beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 4 on Wednesday night . Murphy hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Bud Norris ( 0 - 2 ) , who allowed five runs and nine hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out four . Scherzer ( 1 - 0 ) allowed four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . Jonathan Papelbon pitched a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth for his fourth save . Bud Norris ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out four . Nick Markakis had two hits and drove in two runs for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Atlanta took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run double by A. J. Pierzynski and a two - run double by Nick Markakis . Murphy 's two - run homer in the bottom of the first gave the Nationals a 3 - 2 lead . Washington tied it in the bottom of the inning on a sacrifice fly by Danny Espinosa . The Nationals tied it in the bottom of the inning on Ryan Zimmerman 's sacrifice fly and Ramos ' two - out RBI single in the fifth . Ramos added an RBI single in the seventh to make it 6 - 4 . Ramos had a career - high four hits and drove in two runs for the Braves , who have lost four of five .
BALTIMORE -- Manny Machado went 4 - for - 4 with a home run and a double , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Machado went 4 - for - 4 with a home run and two doubles , including a two - run homer in the second inning that gave the Orioles a 4 - 0 lead . Machado hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the second off Jake Odorizzi ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings . The right - hander struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the second time in three starts . Corey Dickerson homered and drove in a run for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Rays starter Vance Worley allowed three runs , two earned , and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . The right - hander struck out five and walked one . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning on an RBI double by Jonathan Schoop and a sacrifice fly by Joey Rickard . Tampa Bay went up 2 - 0 in the second when Machado hit a two - run homer , his first of the season , and Corey Dickerson 's solo shot in the fourth made it 4 - 1 . The Orioles took a 4 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Steve Pearce and a sacrifice fly by Joey Rickard . Tampa Bay took a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Pedro Alvarez led off with a double and scored on a single by Machado .
MILWAUKEE -- Jimmy Nelson had a tough time in his first start of the season . The right - hander struck out nine in six innings , Aaron Hill drove in two runs and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the Houston Astros 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Nelson ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs and three hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked four . Jeremy Jeffress pitched a perfect ninth for his third save . Dallas Keuchel ( 1 - 1 ) allowed three runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked six . Jose Altuve hit a leadoff homer in the first and Preston Tucker homered in the fifth for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Milwaukee has lost four of five . The Astros have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Astros have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Astros have lost six of their last seven games . The Astros have lost six of their last seven games . The Astros have lost six of their last seven games . They have lost six of their last seven games . The Astros have lost six of their last seven games and have lost five of their last six . The Astros have lost six of their last seven games and have lost five of their last six . The Astros have lost six of their last seven games and have lost six of their last seven . Houston 's Carlos Gomez was ejected by plate umpire Angel Campos after he was called out on a close play at the plate in the seventh inning .
ATLANTA -- Carlos Martinez 's first major league win was his first major league win . The St. Louis Cardinals ' right - hander pitched six strong innings , and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Atlanta Braves 12 - 2 on Tuesday night . Martinez ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs and four hits , struck out five and walked three . Martinez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed five runs -- four earned -- and six hits in four innings . He walked four and struck out four . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Matt Carpenter and a run - scoring single by Nick Markakis . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Matt Carpenter and a sacrifice fly by Jeremy Hazelbaker . The Cardinals added three runs in the third . Wong led off with a single , stole second and scored on a double by Matt Carpenter . Carpenter followed with a run - scoring double to make it 2 - 0 . The Cardinals added three runs in the third . Erick Aybar led off with a single , stole second and scored on Brandon Moss ' sacrifice fly . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Matt Carpenter and a run - scoring single by Freddie Freeman . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Matt Carpenter and a run - scoring single by Jeremy Hazelbaker . The Braves added three runs in the third . Stephen Piscotty led off with a single , stole second and scored on a double by Matt Carpenter . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Matt Carpenter and a run - scoring single by Freddie Freeman .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Salvador Perez and the Kansas City Royals ' bullpen could n't hold it . Perez hit a go - ahead triple in the eighth inning and scored the go - ahead run on Omar Infante 's sacrifice fly in the eighth , leading the Royals to a 4 - 3 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Salvador Perez had an RBI triple in the eighth and scored on Omar Infante 's sacrifice fly . Wade Davis worked the ninth for his second save . Kevin Jepsen ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and two hits in one inning . The Royals have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game road trip . The Twins have lost three straight and six of seven . The Twins have lost three straight and six of seven . The Twins have lost five of six and are 2 - 8 in their past 10 games . The Twins have lost six of their past seven games and are 2 - 6 in their last 10 series . They have n't won a series in Kansas City since the first game of the season . The Twins have lost six of their past seven games and are 2 - 6 in their last 10 series . The Twins have lost six of their past seven games and are 2 - 6 in their last 10 series . They have n't won a series since taking two of three from the Chicago White Sox in a three - game series at Kansas City on opening day . Eduardo Escobar singled in a run in the second , and Rey Fuentes hit a two - out , two - run single in the second . Rey Fuentes ' two - out , two - run single in the second gave the Royals a 2 - 1 lead . The Royals tied it in the sixth when Park hit a two - out , two - run single off Yordano Ventura , who allowed two runs and two hits in five innings .
PITTSBURGH -- Francisco Liriano 's first Opening Day start in more than a year helped the Pittsburgh Pirates end a three - game losing streak . Liriano struck out 10 in six innings of three - hit ball , and the Pirates beat Adam Wainwright and the St. Louis Cardinals 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Liriano ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three hits in six innings , walking five and striking out 10 . The right - hander , who signed a $ < unk > million , three - year deal with the Pirates in December , struck out 10 in his first start against the Cardinals . The Pirates , who have won four of their last five games , have lost four of five . Adam Wainwright ( 0 - 1 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings for St. Louis . He struck out three and walked three . St. Louis scored twice in the second inning to take a 2 - 0 lead . Josh Harrison hit a sacrifice fly and John Jaso an RBI single for the Cardinals . Jordy Mercer hit an RBI double in the eighth and Matt Carpenter added a run - scoring single in the ninth off Seth Maness to make it 4 - 0 . St. Louis scored in the second on Josh Harrison 's sacrifice fly and David Freese 's two - out single . Cervelli doubled in the sixth and scored on a sacrifice fly by Josh Harrison . Cervelli doubled in the sixth and scored on a double by Josh Harrison . Polanco added a run - scoring double in the eighth and Matt Carpenter added a run - scoring single in the ninth for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five .
ATLANTA -- Brandon Belt and Mallex Smith drove in three runs apiece , and the Atlanta Braves beat the San Francisco Giants 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Brandon Belt and Nick Markakis had two hits each for the Braves , who have won four of five . Brandon Belt hit a solo homer in the second inning and Mallex Smith had a three - run triple in the second . Foltynewicz ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three hits and one run in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . Arodys Vizcaino gave up two runs , one earned , and three hits in the ninth to earn his sixth save . Jeff Samardzija ( 7 - 3 ) allowed five runs -- four earned -- and six hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Giants took a 3 - 1 lead in the second on Nick Markakis ' run - scoring fielder 's choice and Smith 's run - scoring fielder 's choice . The Giants added a run in the third on a bases - loaded sacrifice fly by Mallex Smith and a run - scoring single by Kelly Johnson . The Giants added three runs in the third . Freddie Freeman led off with a double and scored on Nick Markakis ' grounder . Belt led off the inning with his second homer of the season . The Braves added a run in the third on a bases - loaded sacrifice fly by Jarrett Parker . The Giants added a run in the third on a bases - loaded sacrifice fly by Kelly Johnson , who had a sacrifice fly . Kelly Johnson 's sacrifice fly made it 5 - 1 in the third .
SEATTLE -- The Seattle Mariners have been waiting for Dae-Ho Lee to come off the disabled list . Dae-Ho Lee hit a three - run homer , Kyle Seager hit a go - ahead two - run shot and the Mariners beat the San Diego Padres 9 - 3 on Tuesday night . Lee hit a three - run homer off Andrew Cashner ( 2 - 5 ) in the sixth inning and added a three - run shot in the eighth . Dae-Ho Lee added a three - run homer in the eighth for the Mariners , who have won four of five . Karns ( 5 - 1 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Padres had a chance to take the lead in the eighth , loading the bases with one out before Ryan Buchter struck out pinch - hitter Shawn O'Malley to end the inning . Ryan Buchter retired the only batter he faced , Brad Hand got the final two outs of the eighth . Brad Hand got the final two outs in the eighth and Joaquin Benoit worked a perfect eighth . The Mariners had a chance to score in the eighth when Alexei Ramirez hit a two - out RBI single off Joel Peralta . The Padres had runners on first and second with two outs in the eighth , but Joaquin Benoit struck out Seth Smith to end the threat . The Padres had a chance to score in the eighth when they loaded the bases with one out . But Ryan Buchter struck out pinch - hitter Shawn O'Malley and Wil Myers to end the threat . Cashner ( 2 - 5 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one .
TORONTO -- The New York Yankees are on the verge of a playoff berth . Marco Estrada pitched eight innings of three - hit ball , Edwin Encarnacion drove in two runs and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the New York Yankees 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Estrada ( 3 - 2 ) allowed three hits in eight innings to win for the first time in four starts . He walked three and struck out six . Drew Storen got the final two outs for his third save . Ivan Nova ( 3 - 3 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in six innings for the Yankees . He walked one and struck out four . Ryan Goins hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Yankees right - hander Alex Rodriguez ( strained right hamstring ) is expected to miss at least a couple of games with a sore right shoulder . He is day to day with a sore right shoulder . Yankees manager Joe Girardi said he expects Rodriguez to be back in the lineup Wednesday . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of their past seven games and are 2 - 8 in their past 10 . New York has lost six of seven .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Lorenzo Cain and the Kansas City Royals finally got a win . Cain homered and drove in two runs , Eric Hosmer had three hits and the Kansas City Royals beat the Chicago White Sox 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Lorenzo Cain and Adam Eaton had three hits apiece for the Royals , who have won five of six . Cain hit a solo homer off Nate Jones ( 2 - 1 ) with one out in the eighth to give the Royals a 5 - 4 lead . It was Cain 's first home run since July 26 , 2011 , at Kansas City . Chris Young ( 2 - 5 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Wade Davis pitched a perfect ninth for his 14th save in 16 chances . Sale allowed two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Adam Eaton and a run - scoring single by Austin Jackson . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Dioner Navarro and a run - scoring single by Adam Eaton . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Hosmer and a run - scoring single by Adam Eaton . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Cain and a run - scoring single by Adam Eaton . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Cain and a run - scoring single by Adam Eaton .
WASHINGTON -- Stephen Strasburg and the Washington Nationals are on a roll . Strasburg allowed one run over six innings , Wilson Ramos homered and drove in four runs and the Nationals beat the St. Louis Cardinals 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Strasburg ( 9 - 0 ) allowed one run and six hits in six innings , striking out four and walking two . The right - hander has won his last three starts and has a 2.69 ERA over that span . The Cardinals have won three straight and five of six . The Cardinals have lost four of five . Michael Wacha ( 2 - 6 ) gave up three runs and four hits in six innings for St. Louis . He struck out six and walked one . Brandon Moss hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Ramos had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth . He had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth . Werth 's pinch - hit grand slam capped a five - run burst in the seventh . It was the first pinch - hit homer of his career , and Werth 's second pinch - hit homer of the season put the Nationals up 8 - 2 . It was the first pinch - hit homer of his career . Ramos had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth . He had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth . Anthony Rendon and Jayson Werth also homered for the Nationals , who have won four straight and seven of nine . The Cardinals have lost four of five and are 1 - 4 on their nine - game road trip .
CHICAGO -- Kyle Hendricks pitched a five - hitter for his first career complete game , and the Chicago Cubs beat the Philadelphia Phillies 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Hendricks ( 3 - 4 ) allowed one run and five hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out seven without a walk . The right - hander struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the third time this season . Hendricks is the first Cubs pitcher to throw a complete game this season . Dexter Fowler homered and Jason Heyward had two hits and drove in a run for the Cubs . Jerad Eickhoff ( 2 - 7 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Dexter Fowler hit a leadoff homer in the first inning for the Phillies , who had won six of seven . The Phillies have lost five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Phillies have lost five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Phillies have lost five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 2 - 7 against the Cubs this season . Philadelphia has lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind first - place St. Louis in the NL East . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Philadelphia has lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind first - place Washington in the NL East .
NEW YORK -- Chase Utley and the Los Angeles Dodgers are on a roll . Utley homered twice and drove in five runs , Kenta Maeda pitched five scoreless innings and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the New York Mets 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Adrian Gonzalez went 4 - for - 5 with a home run and Howie Kendrick added a solo shot for the Dodgers , who have won five of six . Maeda ( 4 - 3 ) allowed two hits and struck out three in five - plus innings . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 3.00 ERA in his last five starts . The Mets have lost five of six and are a season - high 16 games over .500 . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost five of six and are 2 - 7 against the Dodgers this season . The Mets have lost six of seven .
CLEVELAND -- Manny Machado had a career - high four hits , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Cleveland Indians 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Manny Machado had four hits , including a double , and drove in a run for the Orioles , who took two of three from the AL Central-leading Indians . Dylan Bundy ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for his first major league win . Zach Britton pitched a perfect ninth for his 13th save . Zach McAllister ( 2 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing three runs and three hits in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth . Mark Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Cleveland starter Trevor Bauer gave up three runs and nine hits in six innings . The right - hander struck out four and walked two . The Indians took a 3 - 0 lead in the first inning on Machado 's RBI single and Jonathan Schoop 's two - run single . The Orioles took a 3 - 0 lead in the first . Adam Jones led off with a double and scored on a single by Juan Uribe . Machado followed with an RBI single , and Trumbo followed with a two - run homer . Napoli led off the fourth with a homer to cut the lead to 3 - 2 . Napoli led off the fourth with a homer to cut the lead to 3 - 2 . The Orioles tied it in the fifth on a run - scoring double by Chris Davis and a run - scoring double by Juan Uribe . Trumbo 's two - run homer in the seventh made it 6 - 3 .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are on their longest winning streak of the season . Scott Kazmir struck out a career - high 12 in six innings , Joc Pederson hit a two - run single and the Dodgers beat the Cincinnati Reds 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Kazmir ( 4 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings , struck out a season - high 12 and walked two . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 4.84 ERA in his last five starts . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth for his 14th save . Dan Straily ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out a career - high 11 and walked one . Yasmani Grandal hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Reds , who have won four of five . The Dodgers have lost six of seven . The Reds have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Reds have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Reds have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost six of their last seven games .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- The Texas Rangers ' Colby Lewis was n't the only pitcher in the Texas Rangers ' starting rotation . Lewis allowed six runs and eight hits in five innings , and the Rangers beat the Los Angeles Angels 15 - 9 on Tuesday night . Lewis ( 4 - 0 ) allowed six runs -- six earned -- and eight hits in five innings . He struck out one , walked one and hit a batter . Colby Lewis ( 4 - 0 ) allowed three runs and five hits in five innings for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Hector Santiago ( 3 - 3 ) gave up six runs and five hits in 2 1/3 innings for the Angels , who have lost five of six . Nomar Mazara hit a solo homer and drove in three runs for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Angels starter Deolis Guerra gave up four runs and three hits in 2 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Yunel Escobar led off with a double and scored on a single by Kole Calhoun . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Mike Trout . Mitch Moreland 's RBI double in the third gave the Angels a 6 - 4 lead , and Mazara 's two - run single in the seventh gave the Rangers a 13 - 6 lead . Beltre 's two - run single capped a three - run sixth that gave the Rangers a 13 - 6 lead . Odor 's sacrifice fly in the eighth made it 13 - 9 .
NEW YORK -- R. A. Dickey 's knuckleball was n't sharp , and the New York Yankees found a way to beat the Toronto Blue Jays . Carlos Beltran homered and drove in two runs , Nathan Eovaldi pitched six innings of two - hit ball and the Yankees beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6 - 0 on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 2 - 6 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Eovaldi ( 5 - 2 ) allowed two hits in six innings , struck out five and walked three . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous five starts . New York has won six of seven . The Blue Jays were shut out for the third time this season . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost seven of their last 10 games . They 've lost six of their past seven games . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season .
DETROIT -- Miguel Cabrera and the Detroit Tigers did n't need much help . Miguel Cabrera hit a solo homer and drove in two runs , Jordan Zimmermann pitched effectively into the sixth inning and the Detroit Tigers beat the Tampa Bay Rays 9 - 4 on Tuesday night . Miguel Cabrera homered and drove in two runs , and Tim Beckham hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Rays . Victor Martinez added a two - run shot in the eighth for the Tigers . Zimmermann ( 7 - 2 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Rays have won five of their last six games , and the Tigers have lost six of seven . Archer ( 3 - 5 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in three innings . He walked one and struck out four . Logan Morrison hit a two - run homer in the second for Tampa Bay , which has lost four of five . The Rays scored two runs in the first and two in the second . Martinez hit a two - run homer off Drew VerHagen to make it 6 - 4 in the eighth . Maybin had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third to make it 6 - 2 . Beckham hit a two - run homer in the seventh to make it 6 - 4 , and Beckham hit a two - run shot in the eighth to make it 6 - 4 . Maybin had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox had a lot of opportunities against the Kansas City Royals . Todd Frazier and Melky Cabrera each drove in two runs , Carlos Rodon pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the White Sox beat the Kansas City Royals 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Paulo Orlando had two hits and drove in a run for the White Sox , who have won four of five . Rodon ( 2 - 4 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . David Robertson pitched a perfect ninth for his 11th save in 12 chances . Yordano Ventura ( 4 - 3 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings for Kansas City . He walked four and struck out three . Melky Cabrera had two hits and two RBIs for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost six of their last seven games . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost six of seven .
MIAMI -- Ichiro Suzuki had a career - high four hits for the Miami Marlins , and Jose Fernandez pitched six solid innings to lead the Miami Marlins to a 3 - 2 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . Fernandez ( 6 - 2 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Fernandez ( 6 - 2 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Justin Bour hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Marlins , who have won four of their past five games . Ramos gave up a run - scoring single to pinch - hitter Wilson Ramos in the ninth before finishing for his 13th save in 14 chances . Washington 's Joe Ross ( 3 - 4 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Clint Robinson 's two - out RBI single . The Marlins tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Martin Prado . Miami tied it in the bottom half on a two - out , two - run single by Daniel Murphy . Washington tied it in the bottom half on a two - run homer by Bour , his second of the season . The Marlins tied it at 1 in the bottom of the inning when Ozuna singled , stole second and scored on a single by Daniel Murphy . Washington tied it in the bottom half on Bour 's homer .
DETROIT -- Miguel Cabrera and the Tampa Bay Rays are on a roll . Cabrera hit two of Tampa Bay 's four home runs , Matt Andriese won for the first time in four starts and the Rays beat the Detroit Tigers 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third inning and a solo shot in the seventh . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third and a solo shot in the seventh . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third and a two - run shot in the third . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third and a two - run shot in the third . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third and a solo shot off Erasmo Ramirez in the seventh . Cabrera hit a two - run homer off Anibal Sanchez ( 3 - 5 ) in the third and a two - run shot in the third . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third to give Tampa Bay a 6 - 3 lead . Andriese ( 3 - 0 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . Alex Colome pitched the ninth for his 11th save . Steven Souza Jr. led off the game with a home run and Kevin Kiermaier had a three - run triple for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Detroit took a 3 - 0 lead in the first inning on a run - scoring double by Corey Dickerson and a run - scoring single by Logan Morrison . Tampa Bay took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by James McCann and a run - scoring single by Logan Morrison .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- The New York Yankees are on their longest winning streak of the season . Carlos Beltran had three hits and drove in three runs , CC Sabathia struck out eight in six innings and the Yankees beat the Oakland Athletics 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Sabathia ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings , striking out eight and walking one . The right - hander struck out eight and walked one . Carlos Beltran had three hits and drove in three runs , and Ronald Torreyes hit a two - run triple for the Yankees . Sonny Gray ( 3 - 5 ) was tagged for five runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . The A 's lost for the fifth time in six games and fell to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game homestand . A 's starter Andrew Triggs gave up two runs and five hits in three innings . He struck out three and walked one . The A 's scored three runs in the fourth to take a 5 - 1 lead . Matt McBride 's RBI single made it 1 - 0 , and Beltran followed with a two - run double to make it 5 - 1 . Beltran doubled in a run in the sixth to make it 6 - 1 . Ellsbury added a two - run triple in the ninth against Chasen Shreve . Jake Smolinski drove in Oakland 's only run with an RBI groundout in the ninth . The A 's scored their first run in the second on Brett Gardner 's double - play grounder .
ST. LOUIS -- Patrick Corbin 's first win in more than a month was a big boost for the Arizona Diamondbacks . Corbin pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Jean Segura had two hits and drove in a run and the Diamondbacks beat the St. Louis Cardinals 11 - 7 on Tuesday night . Corbin ( 2 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Jake Lamb and Chris Owings each had two hits and drove in a run for the Diamondbacks . Jake Lamb had two hits and scored twice for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Cardinals starter Carlos Martinez ( 4 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out three . Jake Lamb had two hits and scored twice for the Cardinals , who have lost five of six . Jake Barrett got the last out in the ninth for his first save of the season . Evan Barrett hit a two - out single in the ninth for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Evan Molina had a two - out single in the seventh for St. Louis , which has lost four of five . The Cardinals scored three runs in the eighth to make it 11 - 7 . Drury hit a solo homer in the ninth and Aledmys Diaz had a run - scoring single off Evan Marshall in the eighth to make it 11 - 4 . Evan Molina singled with one out in the ninth , but Jake Barrett struck out pinch - hitter Phil Gosselin to end the game . The Cardinals scored twice in the ninth off Evan Kiekhefer .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Toronto Blue Jays have been waiting for Troy Tulowitzki to take advantage of the opportunity . Troy Tulowitzki hit a go - ahead single in the 11th inning and the Blue Jays beat the Minnesota Twins 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Troy Tulowitzki hit a go - ahead single in the 11th inning and Edwin Encarnacion hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Blue Jays , who have won four of five . Toronto 's Marco Estrada pitched eight innings of three - hit ball in his first career complete game . He struck out nine and walked one . Joe Biagini pitched the 11th for his first major league save . Biagini allowed one hit in a scoreless ninth for his first major league save . Toronto 's Ervin Santana allowed two runs and four hits in eight innings . He struck out five and walked two . Roberto Osuna ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Ryan Pressly ( 1 - 3 ) took the loss for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Minnesota 's Roberto Osuna ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Toronto 's Roberto Osuna ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Roberto Osuna ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win and Joe Biagini pitched the 11th for his first career save . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Joe Mauer 's two - out RBI single , but the Blue Jays tied it in the third . Encarnacion hit a two - run homer in the sixth to tie the game at 2 . It was the first home run of the season for Encarnacion , who hit a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Twins a 2 - 0 lead . The Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half on Miguel Sano 's sacrifice fly .
PHILADELPHIA -- Adam Conley was n't surprised to see the Philadelphia Phillies ' pitching staff . Conley pitched six strong innings , Marcell Ozuna homered and the Marlins beat the Philadelphia Phillies 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Conley ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and eight hits , striking out five and walking one . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.66 ERA in his last four starts . The Marlins have won five of their last six games . Justin Bour homered for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Jerad Eickhoff ( 1 - 6 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings for the Phillies , who have lost five of six . The Phillies have lost five of six . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place New York Mets in the NL East . Martin Prado had two hits and drove in a run for the Phillies . Adeiny Hechavarria had three hits and scored twice for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Miami took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Tyler Goeddel . The Phillies tied it at 1 in the fourth on Martin Prado 's sacrifice fly . The Phillies tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Derek Dietrich . Ozuna hit a solo homer in the second inning to give the Marlins a 1 - 0 lead . Miami tied it at 1 in the fourth on Christian Yelich 's two - out RBI double . Miami tied it at 1 in the bottom half on Goeddel 's RBI single .
DENVER -- Ryan Raburn 's pinch - hit , two - run homer in the seventh inning lifted the Colorado Rockies to a 4 - 3 win over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Raburn 's pinch - hit , two - run homer off Jim Henderson ( 0 - 2 ) in the seventh gave the Rockies a 4 - 3 lead . It was Raburn 's first pinch - hit home run of the season . Raburn 's pinch - hit homer off Jim Henderson ( 0 - 2 ) gave the Rockies a 4 - 3 lead in the seventh . It was Raburn 's first pinch - hit homer of the season , and the first pinch - hit homer of his career . It was the first pinch - hit homer of Raburn 's career . Raburn 's pinch - hit , two - run homer off Jake McGee in the seventh gave the Rockies a 4 - 3 lead . It was Raburn 's first pinch - hit homer of the season , and the first pinch - hit homer of his career . Jake McGee pitched a scoreless ninth for his 12th save in 14 chances . Chatwood ( 5 - 3 ) allowed three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Michael Conforto . The Mets tied it in the bottom half on a solo homer by Yoenis Cespedes and a run - scoring single by DJ LeMahieu . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Gonzalez led off with a double and scored on Michael Conforto 's single .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Ian Desmond and the Texas Rangers finally got to the Toronto Blue Jays ' bullpen . Ian Desmond homered and drove in four runs , Adrian Beltre also went deep and the Rangers beat the Toronto Blue Jays 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . The Rangers won for the seventh time in nine games . Desmond had a two - out RBI single in the second inning and Desmond had a solo homer in the sixth for a 2 - 1 lead . Adrian Beltre hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Toronto starter Aaron Sanchez gave up six runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked four . Matt Bush ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Sam Dyson pitched the ninth for his second save . Jesse Chavez ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and two hits in one - third of an inning . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Michael Saunders . Toronto tied it in the third on a two - out , two - run double by Pillar . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Russell Martin . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on a bases - loaded sacrifice fly by Pillar , who had two hits and two stolen bases . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Ryan Rua . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Pillar .
CLEVELAND -- Ervin Santana did n't have his best stuff , but the Minnesota Twins could n't do much against Corey Kluber . Santana pitched six strong innings , Juan Centeno hit a two - run homer and the Twins beat the Cleveland Indians 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Santana ( 1 - 2 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings , striking out five and walking one . The right - hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts . Kluber ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven , walked three and hit a batter . The right - hander struck out seven , walked three and hit a batter . Juan Rosario hit a two - run homer in the fifth for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Cleveland 's Yan Gomes hit a solo homer in the ninth off Kevin Jepsen . Miguel Sano had an RBI single in the ninth , and Danny Santana added a run - scoring single in the ninth . Miguel Sano had an RBI single in the ninth , and Francisco Lindor added an RBI single in the ninth for the Twins , who have won four of five . Cleveland 's Joe Mauer extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the third . He was 2 - for - 5 with a double and a double . The Indians have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 since the All-Star break . Cleveland 's Jose Ramirez , who had an RBI single in the fourth , had an RBI single in the fourth . The Indians added a run in the sixth on Eduardo Nunez 's sacrifice fly .
CHICAGO -- Jake Arrieta was n't the only pitcher in major league history to strike out at least 10 batters in a game , and the Chicago Cubs had a lot to do with it . Arrieta struck out 11 in eight dominant innings , Anthony Rizzo hit a grand slam and the Cubs beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Arrieta ( 7 - 0 ) allowed two runs and three hits in eight innings . He struck out a season - high 11 and walked two . The Cubs have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Pirates have lost five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Pirates have lost five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Pirates have lost five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Pirates have lost five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Pirates have lost five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Pirates have lost five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . Locke ( 1 - 3 ) gave up six runs , six earned , and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . Addison Russell hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Rizzo hit a three - run homer off Jeff Hughes in the fourth and added an RBI single in the eighth .
PHOENIX -- The San Francisco Giants are on the verge of a playoff spot in the NL West . Joe Panik hit a three - run homer and Jeff Samardzija pitched eight strong innings to lead the Giants to a 3 - 1 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night . Samardzija ( 5 - 2 ) allowed one run and eight hits , struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead on Jean Segura 's RBI single in the fifth . Jean Segura singled in a run in the fifth , and Panik hit a three - run homer off Shelby Miller ( 1 - 4 ) in the sixth to give the Giants a 3 - 1 lead . Joe Panik hit a three - run homer off Shelby Miller ( 1 - 4 ) in the sixth to give the Giants a 3 - 1 lead . Joe Panik hit a three - run homer in the sixth to give the Diamondbacks a 1 - 0 lead . Panik 's RBI single in the fifth gave the Giants a 1 - 0 lead . Panik hit a three - run homer in the sixth to give the Giants a 3 - 1 lead . Panik hit a two - run homer off Shelby Miller in the sixth inning to give the Giants a 3 - 1 lead . Panik hit a two - run homer off Miller in the sixth inning to give the Giants a 3 - 1 lead . Panik hit a two - run homer off Miller in the sixth to give the Giants a 3 - 1 lead . It was Panik 's fourth homer of the season and second in two days . Panik hit a two - out RBI single in the fifth to give the Giants a 1 - 0 lead .
NEW YORK -- Alex Gordon and the New York Yankees are on a roll . Alex Gordon and Chase Headley hit two - run homers , Didi Gregorius hit a two - run shot and New York beat the Kansas City Royals 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Yankees have won four straight and seven of eight . Gordon hit a two - run homer off Ian Kennedy ( 4 - 3 ) in the second inning and a two - run shot in the fourth to give the Yankees a 5 - 2 lead . Gordon 's two - out , two - run homer in the fourth gave the Yankees a 5 - 2 lead , and Headley 's two - run shot in the fourth gave the Yankees a 5 - 2 lead . It was the first time this season the Yankees hit back - to - back homers for the first time this season . Gregorius hit a two - run shot in the fourth , and Castro hit a two - out RBI single in the seventh to make it 7 - 3 . Eovaldi ( 3 - 2 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out three . Scott Alexander pitched the eighth and Dellin Betances worked a perfect eighth . Chien-Ming Wang gave up a two - out RBI single to Brian McCann in the seventh , and Andrew Miller pitched a perfect eighth , and Dellin Betances worked a perfect eighth . Kennedy ( 4 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his last five starts . The Yankees scored three times in the fourth to take a 5 - 2 lead . Christian Colon hit a two - out , two - run homer off Eovaldi to make it 5 - 2 . Gordon 's two - out RBI single in the fifth made it 5 - 3 and chased Kennedy , who gave up seven runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings .
CHICAGO -- The San Diego Padres have been waiting for Drew Pomeranz . Pomeranz struck out a career - high 10 in six innings , Christian Bethancourt homered and the San Diego Padres beat the Chicago Cubs 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Pomeranz ( 4 - 3 ) struck out a career - high 10 in six innings , allowing three hits and three walks . He struck out a season - high 10 and walked three . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 10th save . Christian Bethancourt hit a solo homer in the fifth off John Lackey ( 4 - 2 ) , who allowed one run and three hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Cubs have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Cubs have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Cubs have lost five of six and are 2 - 7 against the Padres this season . The Cubs have lost six of seven . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . Lackey allowed three hits , struck out seven and did n't walk a batter in eight innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Cubs have lost four of five . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting for Chris Davis and the rest of the Baltimore Orioles . Chris Davis had four hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in four runs to lead the Orioles to a 9 - 2 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Davis had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second inning , and added an RBI double in the sixth . He also had a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the seventh . Tyler Wilson ( 2 - 1 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Trumbo hit a two - run homer off Phil Hughes ( 1 - 6 ) in the second inning and added a solo shot in the fourth . He also hit a two - run shot in the second inning , a two - run shot in the fourth and a run - scoring double in the sixth . Davis had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second , and a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the seventh . Jones hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Brandon Kintzler to make it 9 - 2 . Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Davis added a two - run shot in the fourth to give the Orioles a 5 - 1 lead . Davis hit a two - run homer in the fourth and Davis added a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the seventh . Jones hit a two - run homer in the ninth to make it 9 - 2 .
HOUSTON -- Trevor Bauer had a tough time for the Cleveland Indians . Bauer pitched three - hit ball over seven innings , and the Cleveland Indians beat the Houston Astros 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Bauer ( 3 - 0 ) allowed three hits and struck out seven in seven innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out seven , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch in the second inning . It was the first time the Astros had scored a run in the first two games of the series . Cleveland 's Chris Devenski ( 0 - 2 ) allowed five hits and two runs in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Mike Napoli had two hits and drove in a run for the Indians , who have won four straight and seven of nine . The Astros have lost four of five . Houston had a chance to score in the second inning when Napoli led off with a double and scored on a double by Juan Uribe to make it 1 - 0 . Lonnie Chisenhall 's RBI double made it 2 - 0 in the second . The Astros added a run in the eighth on an RBI single by Francisco Lindor and a sacrifice fly by Marwin Gonzalez . Houston starter Josh Fields allowed two runs in the eighth inning . Josh Fields gave up a run - scoring single to Mike Napoli in the eighth inning and a run - scoring single to Jason Kipnis . Houston 's Carlos Gomez went 0 - for - 3 with a walk and is hitless in his last 21 at - bats . He is hitless in his last 16 at - bats .
SEATTLE -- The Seattle Mariners had a lot of opportunities against the Tampa Bay Rays . Dae-Ho Lee hit a three - run homer and Wade Miley pitched six strong innings to lead the Mariners to a 6 - 4 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Pearce hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a solo shot in the seventh . He also hit a two - run shot in the first inning off Drew Smyly ( 1 - 4 ) , who allowed six runs and 10 hits in five - plus innings . He struck out five and walked none . Miley ( 3 - 2 ) allowed four runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Steve Cishek got four outs for his 11th save in 12 chances . Franklin Gutierrez hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Dae-Ho Lee added a three - run shot in the fourth to give the Rays a 6 - 2 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Smyly in his last five starts . The Mariners scored three runs in the first inning off Rays starter Wade Miley ( 3 - 2 ) , who allowed four runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Steven Souza Jr. hit a solo homer in the seventh for Tampa Bay , which has lost four of five . The Rays have lost five of six . The Rays have lost four of five . Smyly allowed six runs -- six earned -- and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter .
DENVER -- Rubby De La Rosa pitched effectively into the eighth inning , and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the Colorado Rockies 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Rubby De La Rosa ( 4 - 4 ) allowed one run and four hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . De La Rosa was lifted for a pinch - hitter in the eighth inning . He gave up a run - scoring single to Jean Segura and a run - scoring double to Nick Ahmed , then retired the side in order in the eighth . Brad Ziegler pitched a perfect eighth and Christian Bergman allowed three hits in two scoreless innings . Daniel Hudson got the last two outs of the eighth and Brad Ziegler pitched a perfect eighth . Daniel Hudson got the last two outs of the eighth and Brad Ziegler pitched a perfect eighth . Daniel Hudson got the last two outs of the eighth and Brad Ziegler pitched a perfect eighth . Daniel Hudson got the last two outs of the eighth and Brad Ziegler pitched a perfect eighth . Daniel Hudson got the last two outs of the eighth and Brad Ziegler worked a perfect eighth . Chris Germen gave up a run in 1 1/3 innings in relief of Daniel Hudson , who was recalled from Triple-A Colorado Springs earlier in the day . Rusin ( 1 - 1 ) allowed four runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Chris Owings had an RBI double in the sixth and a run - scoring double in the sixth . Goldschmidt homered off reliever Jake McGee in the seventh to make it 5 - 0 . Goldschmidt hit a solo homer in the seventh .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Troy Tulowitzki and the Toronto Blue Jays are doing their best to keep it . Tulowitzki homered and drove in three runs , J. A. Happ pitched shutout ball into the ninth inning and the Blue Jays beat the San Francisco Giants 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Happ ( 5 - 0 ) allowed six hits in 8 2/3 innings , struck out five and walked three . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 2.05 ERA in his last five starts . Tulowitzki hit a solo homer in the second inning off Matt Cain ( 0 - 5 ) , who allowed two runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Blue Jays were shut out for the third time this season . Tulowitzki hit a solo homer in the second and Tulowitzki added a two - out RBI double in the ninth . Russell Martin added an RBI single in the ninth . Roberto Osuna got the final out for his eighth save in 10 chances . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place New York Yankees in the NL West . The Blue Jays were shut out for the third time this season . The Blue Jays were shut out for the third time this season . The Blue Jays were shut out for the third time this season . The Blue Jays were shut out for the third time this season . San Francisco has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven .
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting for a long time to celebrate this season . Chris Davis hit a two - run homer , Ubaldo Jimenez pitched eight strong innings and the Orioles beat the Oakland Athletics 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Josh Reddick had a career - high four hits for the Orioles , who have won four straight and seven of eight . Baltimore has lost four of five . Jimenez ( 2 - 3 ) gave up two runs and nine hits in eight innings , striking out six and walking one . The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . Zach Britton worked the ninth for his seventh save . Jesse Hahn ( 1 - 1 ) gave up five runs , four earned , and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings for the A 's , who have lost five of six . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the third when Manny Machado led off with a double and scored on a single by Josh Phegley . Baltimore went up 5 - 0 in the third on a run - scoring single by Adam Jones and a run - scoring groundout by Hyun Soo Kim . Davis hit a two - run homer in the third , and Davis hit a two - run shot in the third to make it 4 - 0 . Davis hit a two - run homer in the third , and Davis hit a two - run shot in the third to make it 4 - 0 . The Orioles closed to 5 - 2 in the fifth on a run - scoring double by Billy Phegley and a run - scoring single by Ryan Flaherty .
PITTSBURGH -- The Chicago Cubs have been waiting for Anthony Rizzo to come out of the game . Rizzo had four hits , including a home run , and Jon Lester pitched into the sixth inning to lead the Chicago Cubs to a 6 - 2 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Rizzo had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the seventh inning that made it 5 - 0 . Lester ( 3 - 1 ) allowed eight hits , walked two and struck out five in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Ben Zobrist hit a three - run homer off Juan Nicasio ( 3 - 3 ) in the third inning and Matt Joyce added a two - run shot in the seventh as the Cubs won for the seventh time in nine games . Rizzo had four hits and Javier Baez had three hits and drove in two runs for the Cubs , who have won four of five . Lester ( 3 - 1 ) allowed eight hits , walked two and struck out five . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.58 ERA in four starts against the Pirates this season . The Pirates have lost five of six . Nicasio ( 3 - 3 ) was charged with four runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . Rizzo led off the seventh with a double and scored on Javier Baez 's RBI fielder 's choice . Javier Baez had three hits and drove in two runs for the Cubs , who have won four of five . Pittsburgh has lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost seven of their past nine games . Pittsburgh has lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost six of seven .
PITTSBURGH -- Jake Arrieta pitched seven innings of two - hit ball , and the Chicago Cubs beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Arrieta ( 6 - 0 ) allowed two hits and struck out five in seven innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out five , walked two and hit a batter . Chicago 's Jonathon Niese ( 3 - 1 ) was charged with six runs and nine hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out three . Kris Bryant had three hits and Anthony Rizzo had two hits and an RBI for the Cubs , who have won three of their last four games . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 since the All-Star break .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres have been waiting for James Shields and Jon Gray . Shields pitched six strong innings , Matt Kemp drove in two runs and the San Diego Padres beat the Colorado Rockies 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Shields ( 1 - 4 ) allowed one run and nine hits in six innings , struck out five and walked two . The right - hander was 0 - 2 with a < unk > ERA in his first three starts against the Rockies this season . Fernando Rodney pitched a perfect ninth for his fifth save in five chances . Gray ( 0 - 1 ) struck out 11 in six innings , allowing two runs and four hits . He struck out 11 and walked one . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run double by Matt Kemp and a run - scoring double by Nick Hundley . Jon Jay singled with one out in the fourth , stole second and scored on Kemp 's two - run double to left - center . It was the second time this season the Padres have hit back - to - back home runs . The Rockies tied the game in the fourth . Carlos Gonzalez led off with a double and scored on Nick Hundley 's double to right - center . Nick Hundley followed with an RBI double to pull Colorado to 2 - 1 . The Rockies had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Brandon Maurer got Alexei Ramirez to ground into an inning - ending double play . Ryan Buchter struck out the side in the eighth and Fernando Rodney finished for his fifth save .
NEW YORK -- Madison Bumgarner pitched six scoreless innings , and the San Francisco Giants beat the New York Mets 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Hunter Pence hit a two - run homer and Buster Posey also went deep for the Giants , who won for the seventh time in eight games . Bumgarner ( 3 - 2 ) allowed six hits , struck out seven and walked three . The right - hander struck out seven , walked three and threw a season - high 112 pitches -- the most in the majors this season -- and lowered his ERA to 3.03 . The Giants have won three straight and five of six . Noah Syndergaard ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . Pence hit a two - run homer in the fourth and Posey added a solo shot in the eighth for San Francisco , which has won four of five . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost five of six and are 1 - 4 against the Giants this season . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost five of six and are 2 - 7 against the Giants this season . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost five of six and are 1 - 4 on their current road trip . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven .
ST. LOUIS -- The Kansas City Royals are on their longest winning streak of the season . Kendrys Morales hit a go - ahead homer in the eighth inning , Brandon Moss also went deep and the Royals beat the St. Louis Cardinals 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Royals starter Mike Leake ( 5 - 6 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . Wade Davis pitched the ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . Kendrys Morales had three hits , including a solo homer , for the Royals , who have won four of five . Kendrys Morales had three hits , including a solo homer , for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Morales homered off Tyler Lyons with two outs in the eighth to make it 4 - 2 . It was the first home run allowed by St. Louis starter Chris Young this season . Dillon Gee ( 3 - 2 ) pitched two innings for the win and Trevor Rosenthal finished for the Royals , who have won four of five . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . Chris Young gave up one run on one hit in four innings for St. Louis . He walked six and struck out five . The Cardinals have lost five of their last six games . The Cardinals have lost seven of their last nine games . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . The Cardinals have lost six of seven .
SEATTLE -- Taijuan Walker has been the most dominant pitcher for the Seattle Mariners . Walker pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Seth Smith hit a two - run homer and the Mariners beat the Baltimore Orioles 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Walker ( 4 - 6 ) allowed one run and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the second time in his last four starts . Steve Cishek got the final four outs for his 19th save in 21 chances . Chris Tillman ( 10 - 2 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked three . Kim hit his first homer of the season leading off the seventh , and Manny Machado added an RBI single to make it 5 - 2 . Seattle starter Dylan Bundy allowed an unearned run and three hits in 2 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out two . The Mariners scored in the first inning on Robinson Cano 's two - out single and a two - out walk to Kyle Seager . Smith hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Mariners a 3 - 0 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Tillman in five starts this season . Smith hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Mariners a 3 - 0 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Tillman in five starts this season . The Mariners added a run in the fifth on a fielder 's choice grounder by Kyle Seager and a run - scoring single by Dae-Ho Lee . The Orioles added a run in the seventh on Kim 's RBI single .
SEATTLE -- Pittsburgh Pirates manager Clint Hurdle was n't happy with his team 's offense . Sean Rodriguez drove in four runs , David Freese and Josh Harrison each hit a two - run double and the Pirates beat the Seattle Mariners 8 - 1 on Tuesday night . Rodriguez hit a solo homer in the second inning off Wade Miley ( 6 - 4 ) , who gave up five runs and seven hits in four innings . Taillon ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and six hits in six innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 8 since the All-Star break . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 8 since the All-Star break . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . The Mariners have lost four of five . Seattle has lost four of five . The Mariners have lost four of five . Miley allowed five runs , five earned , and seven hits in four innings . He struck out one and did not walk a batter . The Mariners scored three runs in the second inning to take a 5 - 0 lead . Rodriguez led off with a double and scored on a double by Jordy Mercer . The Pirates added two more in the fourth on a double by Rodriguez and a double by Rodriguez . The Pirates added two more in the fourth on a double by Adam Lind and a two - run double by Rodriguez . Rodriguez led off the bottom of the second with a double and scored on a double by Rodriguez .
PHOENIX -- Tyler Goeddel 's sacrifice fly in the bottom of the 10th inning lifted the Philadelphia Phillies to a 9 - 8 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night . The Phillies rallied from a four - run deficit to beat the Diamondbacks for the third time in four games . Tyler Bracho ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss . Jeanmar Gomez ( 3 - 2 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win and Brett Oberholtzer got the final two outs for his first career save . Jake Lamb hit a three - run homer and Cody Asche had three hits and three RBIs for the Diamondbacks . Peter Bourjos hit a two - run homer and Paul Goldschmidt had a two - run double for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Arizona starter Zach Eflin gave up four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Bradley 's two - run double in the seventh gave the Phillies a 7 - 4 lead . Andres Blanco had a two - run single and Jean Segura drove in two runs for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Arizona starter Archie Bradley allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . Bradley 's two - run double in the seventh gave the Phillies a 7 - 4 lead . Goldschmidt 's two - run double in the seventh gave the Phillies a 7 - 4 lead . The Diamondbacks tied it in the eighth on a sacrifice fly by Jean Segura and a sacrifice fly by Tyler Goeddel .
SAN DIEGO -- The Baltimore Orioles had a big night at the plate , and they had a big night at the plate . Chris Davis had three hits , including a home run , and drove in two runs , and the Orioles beat the San Diego Padres 11 - 7 on Tuesday night . Baltimore has won four of five . The Orioles have won four of five . Baltimore has won six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Kim hit a two - run homer off Carlos Villanueva in the fifth and a two - run shot in the fifth that made it 4 - 1 . Kim hit a two - run homer off Carlos Villanueva in the fifth to give the Orioles a 4 - 1 lead . It was Kim 's fourth homer of the season and second in two games . He also had a run - scoring double in the sixth . Machado had three hits , including a two - run single in the sixth . Jimenez ( 5 - 7 ) allowed one run and three hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out five . The right - hander was coming off a 1 - 0 win over the New York Yankees in which he allowed six runs in 2 1/3 innings of a 10 - 0 loss to the Padres . The Orioles scored three runs in the sixth to take a 10 - 1 lead . Jonathan Schoop hit a two - run double and Manny Machado had a two - run single . Upton hit a two - run homer off Carlos Villanueva in the seventh to give the Orioles a 10 - 1 lead . It was the second time this season the Orioles have hit back - to - back home runs . Myers hit a three - run homer in the seventh off Mychal Givens . It was his 19th homer of the season and second in two games .
CINCINNATI -- Javier Baez was n't sure what to do . Baez hit a grand slam with two outs in the 15th inning , lifting the Chicago Cubs to a 7 - 2 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . The Cubs had lost five of six and fell to 0 - 6 in extra innings this season . Baez hit a three - run homer off J. J. Hoover ( 1 - 2 ) in the 15th inning to give the Cubs a 3 - 2 lead . Kris Bryant singled off Hector Rondon with one out in the bottom of the 15th , extending his hitting streak to a career - high 13 games . Baez followed with a drive to center field for his 12th homer of the season and second in two games . Spencer Patton ( 1 - 0 ) got the last two outs of the 15th for the win . Ben Zobrist led off the game with a home run and Billy Hamilton hit a solo shot in the eighth for the Reds , who have won four of five . The Reds have won five of six and have the best record in the majors at 21 - 11 . The Reds have lost four of five . Cincinnati has lost four of five . The Cubs have lost five of six . The Cubs have lost four of five . Cincinnati 's John Lamb gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Cincinnati 's Jon Lester gave up three hits and one run in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . The right - hander has allowed three runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . The Cubs have lost five of their last six games .
ATLANTA -- The Cleveland Indians are on their longest winning streak of the season . Trevor Bauer pitched six strong innings , Lonnie Chisenhall hit a three - run homer and the Indians beat the Atlanta Braves 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Mike Napoli had three hits and drove in a run for the Indians , who have won five of six . Bauer ( 6 - 2 ) gave up five hits , two runs , three walks and struck out five in six innings . The right - hander is 6 - 0 in his last seven starts . Cleveland 's Tyrell Jenkins ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs , four earned , and six hits in four - plus innings . He struck out three and walked one . Chisenhall 's three - run homer in the fourth gave the Indians a 4 - 1 lead . Chisenhall 's three - run homer in the fourth gave the Indians a 4 - 1 lead . Chisenhall 's three - run homer in the fourth gave the Indians a 4 - 1 lead . It was Chisenhall 's fourth homer of the season and second in two games . Chisenhall 's three - run homer in the fourth gave the Indians a 4 - 1 lead . Flowers ' homer cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the fourth . It was the first homer allowed by Bauer in his last five starts . Chisenhall 's three - run homer in the fourth gave the Indians a 4 - 1 lead . Chisenhall 's three - run homer in the fourth gave the Indians a 4 - 1 lead . Chisenhall 's three - run homer in the fourth made it 4 - 2 .
DETROIT -- Lonnie Chisenhall and the Cleveland Indians finally got their ace on the mound . Chisenhall had four hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in three runs to lead the Cleveland Indians to a 9 - 3 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Chisenhall had four hits , including a two - run homer in the fifth , and a two - run shot in the fifth that made it 8 - 2 . Tomlin ( 9 - 1 ) gave up three runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out three and walked one . Cleveland 's Justin Verlander ( 7 - 6 ) gave up a season - high four homers and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out five . Mike Aviles hit a two - run homer in the fifth for the Tigers . Victor Martinez hit two solo homers for the Tigers , and Juan Uribe also went deep for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Cleveland 's Tyler Naquin hit a solo homer in the fourth , and Chisenhall added a two - run shot in the fifth to give the Tigers a 2 - 1 lead . Chisenhall 's two - run homer in the fifth made it 8 - 2 , and Martinez 's solo shot in the sixth made it 8 - 2 . Chisenhall 's two - run homer in the fifth made it 8 - 2 and chased Verlander , who allowed eight runs and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out five . Cleveland 's Josh Tomlin ( 9 - 1 ) allowed three runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out three and walked one .
BALTIMORE -- Matt Wieters homered twice and drove in three runs , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 8 - 6 on Tuesday night . Chris Davis and Adam Jones also homered for the Orioles , who trailed 4 - 0 in the third inning before rallying for a 7 - 6 lead in the bottom half . Chris Ramirez hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Tampa Bay starter Chris Tillman gave up six runs and 10 hits in five - plus innings , striking out two and walking two . In his previous start , he gave up six runs in 2 1/3 innings of a 10 - 1 loss at Tampa Bay . T. J. McFarland ( 2 - 2 ) worked two scoreless innings for the win . Zach Britton worked the ninth for his 23rd save . Baltimore starter Jake Odorizzi gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . Tampa Bay went up 1 - 0 in the first inning on a run - scoring single by Logan Morrison and a run - scoring double by Brad Miller . In the third , Desmond Jennings doubled in a run and Conger drew a bases - loaded walk . The Orioles closed to 4 - 3 in the third on a run - scoring double by Miller and a run - scoring single by Joey Rickard . The Orioles closed to 4 - 3 in the third on a run - scoring double by Miller and a run - scoring single by Desmond Jennings . Conger hit a solo homer in the second , his first of the season , and Jones hit a solo shot in the fifth .
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles have n't had a winning season since Showalter took over as interim manager . Mark Trumbo homered among his three hits , and the Orioles beat the San Diego Padres 7 - 2 on Tuesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Baltimore won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 6 - 1 against the Padres this season . The Orioles have won six of seven . Baltimore has won six of seven . The Orioles have lost five of six and are 2 - 7 against the Orioles this season . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 4 - 7 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Jimenez ( 4 - 7 ) gave up two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Erik Johnson ( 0 - 5 ) gave up six runs , six earned , and nine hits in four innings for San Diego . He struck out three and walked one . The Orioles took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a run - scoring single by Matt Wieters and a run - scoring double by Jonathan Schoop . The Orioles closed to 3 - 2 in the fourth on a run - scoring double by Travis Jankowski and a run - scoring single by Matt Wieters . Baltimore went up 7 - 2 in the bottom half on a run - scoring double by Jonathan Schoop and a run - scoring single by Hyun_Soo Kim . In the bottom half , Flaherty led off with his first homer of the season , a drive to center off Carlos Villanueva .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Ian Desmond and the Texas Rangers finally got a big hit . Ian Hardy and Shin-Soo Choo each hit a two - run single in a five - run fourth inning , and the Rangers beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Rangers have won five of their last six games against the Orioles , who have won seven of their last 10 games against the Orioles this season . The Rangers have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore starter Kevin Gausman ( 0 - 5 ) allowed four runs , four earned , and nine hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . Ian Desmond hit a solo homer for the Orioles , who have lost three of four . Elvis Andrus had three hits for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore starter Derek Holland allowed three runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . The right - hander struck out four and walked two . The Orioles scored three runs in the second inning to take a 3 - 0 lead . Jonathan Schoop led off with a double and scored on a single by Mitch Moreland . Adam Jones followed with a run - scoring single and Shin-Soo Choo had a two - run single to make it 4 - 3 . Bobby Wilson 's sacrifice fly in the bottom of the fourth cut the deficit to 4 - 3 , but the Rangers tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Bobby Wilson and a sacrifice fly by Joey Rickard .
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting for the Toronto Blue Jays to get back to .500 . Matt Wieters homered and drove in four runs , Devon Travis also went deep and the Orioles beat Marcus Stroman and the Toronto Blue Jays 11 - 6 on Tuesday night . Troy Tulowitzki homered and drove in two runs , and Chris Davis had three hits and scored three runs for the Orioles , who have won three of four . Baltimore has won six of seven . The Blue Jays have won 10 of their last 13 games against the Blue Jays , who have the worst record in the majors . The Blue Jays trailed 4 - 3 in the second inning before rallying against Marcus Stroman ( 6 - 3 ) , who gave up seven runs and 10 hits in 3 2/3 innings . Schoop had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh that put Baltimore ahead 11 - 6 . Chris Davis had three hits and drove in a run for the Blue Jays , who have lost three of four . Chris Tillman ( 10 - 1 ) allowed four runs and five hits in five innings for the Orioles , who have won 10 of their last 13 games against the Blue Jays . The Blue Jays took a 4 - 3 lead in the second inning on a two - run homer by Troy Tulowitzki , a two - run shot by Schoop and a two - run shot by Travis . Travis hit a two - run shot in the bottom half , but the Blue Jays answered with four runs in the bottom half . Travis hit a two - run homer , his first of the season , and Adam Jones followed with an RBI single . Stroman ( 6 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and 10 hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He struck out four and walked none .
HOUSTON -- J. J. Hoover pitched two scoreless innings to earn his first major league win , and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Houston Astros 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hoover ( 1 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win , and Tony Cingrani worked the 11th for his eighth save . Eugenio Suarez hit an RBI double off Pat Neshek ( 2 - 1 ) , and Ramon Cabrera followed with an RBI single to give the Reds a 3 - 2 lead . Ramon Cabrera followed with an RBI single to make it 4 - 2 . Correa hit a solo homer in the eighth to tie it at 2 - all . The Reds tied it in the bottom half on Ramon Cabrera 's run - scoring fielder 's choice . Ramon Cabrera followed with an RBI single to make it 4 - 2 . Houston starter John Lamb gave up one run and three hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked four . Houston starter Lance McCullers yielded eight hits and two runs with six strikeouts in 6 2/3 innings . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on an RBI double by Zack Cozart . Houston tied it at 1 in the bottom of the inning on an RBI single by Jose Peraza . Cincinnati tied it in the bottom of the inning on an RBI single by Jose Peraza . Cincinnati tied it at 1 in the bottom of the inning on an RBI single by Jose Peraza . Cincinnati tied it at 1 in the bottom of the inning on an RBI single by Jose Peraza . Cincinnati tied it in the bottom of the inning on Correa 's RBI single .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres are on their longest winning streak of the season . Luis Perdomo pitched six strong innings , Derek Norris hit a two - run single and the Padres beat the Miami Marlins 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Perdomo ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings , struck out four and walked two . The right - hander was coming off a 3 - 2 loss to the Marlins in which he allowed three runs in the first inning of his previous start . Perdomo allowed three runs and six hits in six innings , struck out four and walked two . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 13th save in 14 chances . Justin Nicolino ( 2 - 4 ) allowed five runs and 10 hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Ichiro Suzuki led off with a single , stole second and scored on Christian Yelich 's single . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Derek Norris ' two - run single and J. T. Realmuto 's RBI single . The Marlins took a 5 - 3 lead in the fourth on Upton 's RBI single and a run - scoring single by Wil Myers . Upton 's RBI single in the fifth made it 5 - 3 and chased Nicolino , who allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked none . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Christian Yelich 's RBI single . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Ryan Schimpf .
BOSTON -- Zach Britton got the last five outs for his 20th save , and the Baltimore Orioles beat David Price and the Boston Red Sox 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Price ( 7 - 4 ) gave up three runs and five hits in eight innings . He struck out 11 and did n't walk a batter . Manny Machado hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Jackie Bradley Jr. added a solo shot in the seventh for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Tillman ( 9 - 1 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking two . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect eighth and Zach Britton got the final five outs for his 20th save . Jonathan Schoop and Hanley Ramirez hit back - to - back RBI singles in the eighth for the Red Sox , who have lost five of six . Price struck out 11 and walked none in eight innings . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run homer by Manny Machado . Machado hit a two - run homer in the first , and Jackie Bradley Jr. added a solo shot in the seventh for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Boston had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Eduardo Rodriguez struck out Chris Davis to end the threat . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Britton struck out David Ortiz and Machado to end the game . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Machado .
NEW YORK -- Jameson Taillon pitched eight innings of two - hit ball , Starling Marte hit a two - run homer and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the New York Mets 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Taillon ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two hits and struck out five in eight innings to win for the first time in four starts . The right - hander struck out five and walked one in his second start since coming off the disabled list . Jung Ho Kang hit a two - run homer in the sixth off Jacob deGrom ( 3 - 3 ) , and Starling Marte added a two - run shot in the eighth for the Pirates , who have won four of five . Pittsburgh has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Mets have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Mets have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Mets have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Mets have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Mets have lost seven of their last 10 games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games , including a 2 - 4 road trip .
CHICAGO -- The Detroit Tigers had a big night at the plate . Justin Upton and J. D. Martinez each had three hits and drove in four runs , leading the Detroit Tigers to a 11 - 8 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Justin Upton drove in four runs and Miguel Cabrera had four hits for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Detroit 's Jordan Zimmermann ( 9 - 3 ) allowed six runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked one . Zimmermann ( 9 - 3 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked one . Miguel Gonzalez ( 1 - 2 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in 3 1/3 innings for Chicago . He walked four and struck out three . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Upton 's RBI double and a sacrifice fly by Melky Cabrera . The Tigers tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Jose Abreu . The Tigers tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Adam Eaton and a sacrifice fly by Andrew Romine . The Tigers tied it in the second on a sacrifice fly by Jose Abreu , who had two hits and drove in a run . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on James McCann 's sacrifice fly . The Tigers tied it in the second on Upton 's RBI double and J. D. Martinez 's run - scoring double . The White Sox took a 6 - 2 lead in the third on RBI doubles by Cabrera and Upton .
ATLANTA -- Jon Lester and the Chicago Cubs are on a roll . Lester pitched seven strong innings , Javier Baez hit a three - run homer and the Chicago Cubs beat the Atlanta Braves 13 - 2 on Tuesday night . Lester ( 8 - 3 ) allowed five hits and an unearned run in seven innings . He struck out seven without a walk . The Cubs have won three of their last four games and have won four of their last five . Cubs starter John Gant ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four hits and three runs -- two earned -- in 4 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out five . Baez hit a three - run homer off Chris Withrow in the eighth to make it 13 - 1 . Baez hit a three - run shot off Casey Kelly in the eighth to make it 13 - 1 . Rizzo had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the eighth , and Ben Zobrist had a run - scoring single in the eighth . Rizzo had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the eighth . He had an RBI double in the eighth and a run - scoring single in the eighth . Rizzo had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the eighth . He also had a run - scoring single in the eighth . Rizzo had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the eighth . He had a run - scoring single in the eighth and a run - scoring single in the eighth . Baez hit a three - run homer off Chris Withrow in the eighth .
CINCINNATI -- The Oakland Athletics had a chance to get back in the game in the ninth inning . Adam Duvall scored the go - ahead run on Tyler Waldrop 's single , and the Reds beat the Oakland Athletics 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . The Reds have won five of their last six games . Cincinnati 's Sonny Gray ( 3 - 6 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Blake Wood ( 5 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Tony Cingrani pitched the ninth for his sixth save in seven chances . Stephen Vogt hit a solo homer in the third inning for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Oakland 's Anthony DeSclafani gave up eight hits and one run in six innings . He struck out two and walked three . The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 1.50 ERA in three starts against the Reds this season . Adam Duvall scored the go - ahead run on a wild pitch in the bottom of the seventh . Adam Duvall had a two - out RBI double in the seventh that put Cincinnati ahead 2 - 1 . Brandon Phillips doubled with one out in the seventh and scored on Adam Duvall 's double to left - center field . Duvall scored the go - ahead run on a wild pitch by Oakland starter 2 - 1 . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Vogt 's two - out homer , his second of the season . Oakland tied it in the bottom half on Zack Cozart 's sacrifice fly .
PITTSBURGH -- Wilmer Flores ' pinch - hit single in the 10th inning lifted the New York Mets to a 6 - 5 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . The Mets ' bullpen had n't given up a run since the ninth inning of a 5 - 4 loss to the Pirates on Tuesday night . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run homer by Ty Kelly and a two - run shot by Michael Conforto . Wilmer Flores ' pinch - hit single in the bottom half off Jim Henderson gave the Mets a 5 - 4 lead . Addison Reed ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Jeurys Familia pitched the 10th for his 19th save . Cory Luebke ( 0 - 1 ) gave up a run in the seventh , but the Mets tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Josh Harrison and a sacrifice fly by Jung Ho Kang . Conforto hit a two - run homer off Jared Hughes in the eighth to make it 5 - all . It was Conforto 's second career extra - base hit . Wilmer Flores hit a two - out RBI single off Jim Henderson in the bottom of the eighth to give the Mets a 5 - 3 lead . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a run - scoring double by John Jaso and Jung Ho Kang 's run - scoring single . Pittsburgh starter Noah Syndergaard allowed three runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Ty Kelly and a two - run shot by Conforto .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Mac Williamson and Brandon Belt hit back - to - back home runs in the fourth inning , and the San Francisco Giants beat the Boston Red Sox 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Chris Young hit a solo home run in the fourth , and Brandon Belt hit a solo shot in the eighth to give the Giants a 2 - 1 victory over the Red Sox on Friday night . Cory Gearrin ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Hunter Strickland got the final out for his first save of the season . Brandon Belt hit a solo home run in the fourth for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Price ( 7 - 3 ) gave up two runs and three hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Red Sox lost for the sixth time in seven games . Boston 's Madison Bumgarner gave up one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Bumgarner allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Mookie Betts led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on catcher Trevor Brown 's throwing error . Betts stole third and scored on Young 's homer to left - center . It was Young 's third home run of the season and second in two days . Young connected in the fourth to tie the game at 1 . It was Young 's second home run of the season and second in two days .
NEW YORK -- Carlos Beltran and the New York Yankees are on a roll . Carlos Beltran hit a two - run homer , Michael Pineda pitched seven strong innings and the New York Yankees beat the Los Angeles Angels 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Starlin Castro and Kole Calhoun also homered for the Yankees , who have won five of six . Pineda ( 3 - 6 ) gave up three runs and four hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out four . Andrew Miller pitched the ninth for his seventh save in eight chances . David Huff ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Carlos Beltran hit a two - run homer in the first inning for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Angels starter Masahiro Tanaka ( 0 - 1 ) was chased in the fifth inning with a 5 - 3 lead . The right - hander gave up a two - run homer to Kole Calhoun in the fifth , but the Angels made it 5 - 3 in the fifth on a sacrifice fly by Gregorio Petit and a run - scoring single by Alex Rodriguez . The Angels had a chance to take the lead in the seventh , loading the bases with one out , but Cam Bedrosian struck out Albert Pujols to end the inning . The Angels had a chance in the seventh , when they loaded the bases with no outs against Dellin Bedrosian . But Cam Bedrosian struck out Albert Pujols to end the threat . The Angels had runners on first and second with two outs in the eighth , but Mike Trout struck out .
HOUSTON -- Lance McCullers did n't have his best stuff , but the Houston Astros did n't need much offense . Lance McCullers pitched seven solid innings and Yonder Alonso drove in two runs to lead the Astros to a 5 - 2 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . McCullers ( 3 - 1 ) allowed eight hits and two runs with a season - high nine strikeouts in seven innings . Will Harris pitched a perfect ninth for his first save of the season . Ryan Dull ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss . Carlos Gomez homered and drove in a run for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Oakland starter Sonny Gray allowed one run and five hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . Evan Gattis homered for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Oakland took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on Yonder Alonso 's two - run single . Yonder Alonso 's two - out , two - run single in the first inning gave Oakland a 2 - 0 lead . Gomez led off the bottom of the fifth with a homer to the Crawford Boxes in left field to cut the lead to 2 - 1 . Stephen Vogt had three hits for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Oakland took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - out , two - run single by Yonder Alonso . The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out , two - run homer by Carlos Gomez . Oakland tied it at 1 - all in the fifth on a two - out homer by Gattis .
BOSTON -- The Toronto Blue Jays have n't been able to find a way to get back in the AL East . Edwin Encarnacion hit a two - run homer , Marco Estrada pitched eight strong innings and the Blue Jays beat the Boston Red Sox 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Jose Bautista and Darwin Barney also homered for the Blue Jays , who have won four of five . Estrada ( 4 - 2 ) allowed two runs and two hits in eight innings , striking out five and walking three . Roberto Osuna gave up a two - out RBI double to Jackie Bradley Jr. in the ninth , then gave up a run - scoring double to Hanley Ramirez and a run - scoring double to David Ortiz before striking out Mookie Betts to end it . Eduardo Rodriguez ( 1 - 1 ) gave up five runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . Boston 's Chris Young homered off Heath Hembree in the eighth , and Russell Martin added a solo shot in the eighth for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Boston has lost three straight and eight of 10 . The Red Sox scored three runs in the ninth off Roberto Osuna , who blew his first save of the season . Hanley Ramirez led off with a double and scored on Jackie Bradley Jr. 's single . David Ortiz followed with an RBI double , but Osuna struck out Chris Young to end the game . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Clay Hembree came on to strike out Devon Travis and end the threat .
CLEVELAND -- Danny Salazar did n't have his best stuff . The Cleveland Indians ' right - hander allowed three hits over eight innings , Yan Gomes and Tyler Naquin homered and the Indians beat the Kansas City Royals 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Salazar ( 6 - 3 ) allowed one run and three hits in eight innings . He struck out nine and walked five . The right - hander is 6 - 0 in his last seven starts . The right - hander is 6 - 0 in his last seven starts . The right - hander is 6 - 0 in his last seven starts . The right - hander is 6 - 0 in his last seven starts . The right - hander is 6 - 0 in his last seven starts . The right - hander has allowed three runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . The Indians have won six of their last seven games , and have won eight of their last 10 games . Edinson Volquez ( 5 - 5 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . The right - hander struck out five and walked four . Yan Gomes hit a solo homer in the second and Drew Butera tied it in the third with a solo shot . The Indians added three runs in the third . Jose Ramirez led off with a single , stole second and scored on Jason Kipnis ' single . Napoli followed with an RBI double , and Napoli scored on a wild pitch by Volquez to make it 4 - 1 . The Indians added a run in the eighth on a double by Ramirez and a groundout by Lonnie Chisenhall .
BOSTON -- R. A. Dickey 's knuckleball was n't sharp , but the Toronto Blue Jays ' right - hander struggled with his control . Dickey pitched two - hit ball into the seventh inning , Devon Travis hit a two - run homer and the Blue Jays beat the Boston Red Sox 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 3 - 6 ) allowed one unearned run and two hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked five and struck out four . Roberto Osuna got four outs for his 13th save . David Price ( 7 - 2 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out five . Edwin Encarnacion hit a two - run homer in the first inning , and Devon Travis added a two - run shot in the eighth for the Red Sox , who have lost three of four . Boston took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Edwin Encarnacion , but the Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Xander Bogaerts drew a one - out walk and Devon Travis followed with a two - run homer . The Blue Jays added a run in the fourth when Mookie Betts led off with a double and scored on Darwin Barney 's sacrifice fly . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Jason Grilli got Encarnacion to ground into a double play . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Jason Grilli struck out Jose Bautista to end the threat .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Brian Dozier and Evan Longoria each hit a go - ahead home run in the fifth inning , and the Minnesota Twins beat the Tampa Bay Rays 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Brian Dozier and Eduardo Nunez also homered for the Twins , who took two of three from the Rays . Longoria 's two - run homer in the fifth inning gave the Twins a 4 - 3 lead , but the Twins tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Byron Buxton . The Twins took a 4 - 3 lead in the fifth on Logan Morrison 's RBI single , but the Twins tied it in the bottom half on Max Kepler 's RBI single . The Twins took a 4 - 3 lead in the fifth on a two - run homer by Brian Dozier and a three - run shot by Eduardo Nunez . The Rays took a 4 - 3 lead in the fourth on a two - run homer by Longoria and a two - run shot by Brian Dozier , who was hit by a pitch from Erasmo Ramirez ( 6 - 4 ) . Taylor Rogers ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win . Kevin Jepsen pitched the ninth for his seventh save . Phil Hughes gave up four runs and eight hits in four - plus innings for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Moore gave up four runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . Rays starter Matt Moore gave up four runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Rays took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Logan Morrison .
ATLANTA -- Freddie Freeman 's first game - ending homer of the season came on a 1 - 2 pitch from Derek Law ( 1 - 1 ) , and the Atlanta Braves rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night . Freeman led off the 11th with a homer to right field off Derek Law . It was the first walk - off homer of the season for Freeman , who struck out in his first three at - bats . Chris Withrow ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning for the win . Brandon Belt hit a two - run homer off Williams Perez in the fourth inning , giving the Giants a 2 - 0 lead . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Matt Duffy led off with a single and Belt hit his second homer of the season . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Gregor Blanco led off with a single , stole second and scored on Mallex Smith 's triple to right - center . Gordon Beckham followed with a run - scoring groundout , and Joe Panik 's sacrifice fly made it 3 - 1 . Giants starter Williams Perez allowed three earned runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Ender Inciarte led off with a double and scored on Gordon Beckham 's groundout . Chase d'Arnaud led off the sixth with a single and scored on a triple by Mallex Smith , who came home on a sacrifice fly by Jarrett Parker . The Giants took a 4 - 1 lead in the sixth on a sacrifice fly by Gordon Beckham .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Max Kepler and Adam Jones hit back - to - back home runs in the sixth inning to help the Minnesota Twins to a 6 - 2 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . Max Kepler and Eddie Rosario each drove in two runs for the Twins , who have won four of five . Max Kepler homered and drove in two runs , and Joe Mauer had two hits and an RBI for the Orioles . Ryan Pressly ( 5 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Odrisamer Despaigne ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 1 1 - 3 innings for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore starter Kyle Gibson gave up two runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on J. J. Hardy 's two - out RBI single . Jones homered in the sixth to tie the game at 2 . It was the first home run of the season for Jones , who hit a two - run shot in the 10th inning of Tuesday 's 3 - 2 win over the Orioles . Kepler 's homer tied the game 2 - 2 in the sixth , and Kepler 's two - run homer in the sixth gave the Twins a 2 - 1 lead . Kepler 's solo homer in the sixth gave the Twins a 2 - 1 lead . It was the third time this season the Twins have hit back - to - back home runs . Kepler 's solo shot in the sixth gave the Twins a 2 - 1 lead .
MILWAUKEE -- Chase Anderson had a solid start to the season , and the Milwaukee Brewers finally broke through against the Arizona Diamondbacks . Anderson won for the first time in four starts , Martin Maldonado hit a three - run homer and the Brewers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Anderson ( 5 - 10 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . Martin Maldonado hit a three - run homer and Jonathan Villar also went deep for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Scooter Gennett hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot in the first inning , to give the Diamondbacks a 2 - 1 lead . Milwaukee tied it at 1 in the third on Jean Segura 's RBI single . Yasmany Tomas ' RBI double in the fourth tied the game at 2 - all . Yasmany Tomas ' RBI double in the fourth tied the game at 2 - all . Maldonado 's three - run homer in the sixth gave the Brewers a 7 - 2 lead . It was Maldonado 's sixth homer of the season and second in two games . Maldonado hit a three - run homer in the sixth to give the Brewers a 6 - 2 lead . Milwaukee starter Braden Shipley ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked four . Shipley ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked four . Arizona 's Martin Maldonado hit a three - run homer in the sixth .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Los Angeles Angels have been waiting for Albert Pujols . Pujols had three hits and drove in four runs , Hector Santiago won for the first time in four starts and the Angels beat the Kansas City Royals 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Pujols had three hits and drove in four runs , including a two - run single in the first inning , and a run - scoring single in the seventh . Pujols had three hits and drove in four runs . Salvador Perez hit a two - run homer for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Hector Santiago ( 9 - 4 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out five . Ian Kennedy ( 6 - 9 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings for Kansas City . He walked three and struck out three . Pujols had an RBI single in the ninth off Brian Flynn , who was making his major league debut . Trout went 0 - for - 2 with three walks , three walks and two runs scored . The Angels scored three runs in the first off Ian Davis ( 6 - 9 ) . Carlos Perez 's RBI single made it 4 - 0 , and Perez 's two - run homer in the fourth cut the lead to 4 - 2 . Perez hit a two - run homer in the fourth to cut the Royals ' lead to 4 - 2 . Pujols added an RBI single in the ninth . Pujols had a two - run single in the first and a run - scoring single in the seventh .
MIAMI -- Steven Matz pitched six scoreless innings , and the New York Mets beat the Miami Marlins 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Matz ( 8 - 6 ) allowed four hits , struck out six and walked two in six innings to win his third consecutive start . He struck out six , walked two and hit a batter . Jeurys Familia pitched a perfect ninth for his NL-leading 35th save in 39 chances . The Mets have won five of their last six games . Jose Urena ( 1 - 2 ) gave up one run and four hits in six innings for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . The Marlins have lost four of five . They 've lost six of their past seven games . They 've lost six of their past seven games . They 've lost six of their past seven games . They 've lost six of their past seven games . They 've lost six of their past seven games . They 've lost six of their past seven games . They 've lost six of their past seven games . The Marlins have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their past seven games . They 've scored just four runs in their past three games . Yoenis Cespedes hit an RBI single in the eighth , and James Loney added an RBI single off Kyle Barraclough in the eighth to make it 3 - 0 . Curtis Granderson doubled and scored on a single by Alejandro De Aza in the eighth to make it 3 - 0 . Curtis Granderson doubled and scored on a single by James Loney in the eighth to make it 3 - 0 .
MILWAUKEE -- Cubs manager Joe Maddon said the Chicago Cubs ' bullpen could n't hold a four - run lead . Anthony Rizzo hit a three - run double , Scooter Gennett had a two - run single and the Cubs held on for a 6 - 5 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Cubs starter Junior Guerra allowed an unearned run and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out two . Joe Nathan ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Hector Rondon gave up a solo homer to Kirk Nieuwenhuis in the ninth before finishing for his 18th save . Will Smith ( 1 - 3 ) gave up five runs , four earned , and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . Milwaukee 's Jon Lester gave up four runs and four hits in four - plus innings . He struck out seven and walked five . The Cubs took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on Rizzo 's three - run double and a two - run single by Scooter Gennett . Ben Zobrist 's RBI single in the sixth made it 4 - 0 and chased Lester , who gave up four runs and four hits in four - plus innings . The Brewers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Ryan Braun led off with a single , stole second and scored on Hernan Perez 's sacrifice fly . Hernan Perez drew a two - out walk in the fifth and Rizzo followed with a three - run double to make it 5 - 4 . Zobrist followed with an RBI single to make it 6 - 4 .
BOSTON -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting for the Minnesota Twins to find a way to win . David Ortiz had three hits and drove in two runs , Eddie Rosario had four hits and the Twins beat the Boston Red Sox 11 - 9 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight win . The Twins took two of three from the Red Sox , who have won four of five . Minnesota has won four of five . The Twins have won four of five . Minnesota has won four of five . The Twins have won four of five . Minnesota has lost six of seven . The Twins have lost four of five . Minnesota starter Ricky Nolasco allowed six runs -- six earned -- and six hits in two - plus innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Brian Dozier . Minnesota tied it in the second on an RBI double by Xander Bogaerts and a sacrifice fly by Byron Buxton . Minnesota tied it in the second on a two - out , two - run single by Ortiz . The Twins tied it in the second on a two - out , two - run single by Ortiz . The Twins tied it in the second on a two - run homer by Hanley Ramirez , who hit a three - run shot in the second inning . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Eduardo Nunez 's RBI single . The Twins tied it in the second on an RBI double by Ortiz and a run - scoring double by Kurt Suzuki , who came home on a sacrifice fly by Kennys Vargas .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals are on the verge of a playoff berth . Danny Duffy pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Rougned Odor and Cheslor Cuthbert homered and the Royals beat the Texas Rangers 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Duffy ( 6 - 1 ) allowed one run and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Wade Davis pitched the ninth for his 21st save . Darvish ( 2 - 2 ) was charged with three runs , two earned , and seven hits in six innings . He struck out 11 and walked one . Rougned Odor hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost five of six and are 2 - 7 since the All-Star break . The Rangers have lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Rangers have lost seven of their past nine games . The Rangers have lost seven of their past nine games . They have lost six of their past seven games and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Rangers have lost six of their past seven games . The Rangers have lost six of their past seven games and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Rangers have lost six of their past seven games . Texas has lost six of seven .
CINCINNATI -- Freddie Freeman and Joey Votto hit back - to - back homers in the first inning , leading the Cincinnati Reds to a 6 - 3 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . Freddie Freeman and Tucker Barnhart each hit a two - run homer for the Reds . DeSclafani ( 5 - 0 ) gave up eight hits and two runs with no walks and three strikeouts . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 2.50 ERA in his last five starts . Joey Votto hit a two - run homer off Ian Krol in the seventh . Adonis Garcia homered off Ross Ohlendorf in the ninth . The Braves have lost six of seven . Harrell ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Braves have lost six of their last seven games . The Braves have lost six of their last seven games . Atlanta 's Eugenio Suarez was hit by a pitch with the bases loaded in the sixth , and Jose Peraza followed with a two - run single . Barnhart tied it with a two - run homer off Ian Krol in the sixth . It was Barnhart 's fourth homer of the season and second in two games . Freeman hit his 14th homer in the first inning , a drive into the right - field seats on a 1 - 2 pitch . It was his fourth of the season and second in two games . The Reds tied it in the fifth on a two - run single by Peraza and a two - run single by Jose Peraza . Chase d'Arnaud had a two - run single in the sixth .
CINCINNATI -- The Atlanta Braves had a chance to take a 4 - 2 lead in the ninth inning , but the Cincinnati Reds could n't hold on . Ender Inciarte drove in the go - ahead run with a sacrifice fly in the bottom of the inning , and the Braves beat the Cincinnati Reds 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Braves won for the seventh time in nine games . Atlanta has won four of five . The Braves have won 10 of their last 13 games . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Braves have won 10 of their last 13 games against the Reds , who have the worst record in the majors . Cincinnati has lost four of five . The Braves have lost four of five . Cincinnati has lost four of five . The Braves have lost four of five . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Reds have won 10 of their last 13 games against the Reds , who have the worst record in the majors . The Reds have won 10 of their last 13 games against the Reds , who have the worst record in the majors . The Reds have lost seven of their last 10 games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost four of five . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost six of seven . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . Cincinnati 's Jay Bruce hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Tyrell Jenkins , who allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out two .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels have been waiting for him to make the most of it . Shoemaker struck out a career - high 13 in a six - hitter , and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Chicago White Sox 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Shoemaker ( 5 - 9 ) struck out a career - high 13 , walked none and threw 115 pitches . He struck out a season - high 13 and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The right - hander had a career - high 13 strikeouts and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Shoemaker is the first Angels pitcher to throw a complete game this season . The right - hander threw 115 pitches , one shy of his career high , and lowered his ERA to a major league - best 4.08 . James Shields ( 4 - 11 ) allowed one run and two hits in eight innings for Chicago . He struck out two , walked two and hit a batter . James Shields ( 4 - 11 ) was charged with one run and two hits over eight innings . He struck out two and walked two . The White Sox have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place Chicago White Sox in the AL Central . The Angels were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season .
NEW YORK -- Daniel Murphy and the New York Mets have been waiting for a lot of home runs . Murphy homered and drove in three runs , Wilmer Flores hit a three - run homer and the New York Mets beat the Washington Nationals 9 - 7 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Murphy 's solo shot off Oliver Perez ( 2 - 2 ) gave the Mets a 7 - 4 lead in the fourth inning and chased Colon in the fifth . It was the first time the Mets hit back - to - back home runs this season . Asdrubal Cabrera hit a solo shot in the seventh for the Nationals , who have won five of six . Hansel Robles ( 3 - 3 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings of relief for the win . Jeurys Familia pitched the ninth for his 31st save in 34 chances . The Mets have won five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Mets have won five of six and have the best record in the majors at 21 - 11 . The Mets have lost five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Mets have lost five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Nationals have lost five of six and are a season - high 16 games under .500 . They have won five of their last six games against the Nationals , who have lost six of seven . Washington has lost five of six and is a season - high 16 games over .500 . The Mets have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . New York , which began the day with the second - worst record in the majors , has lost four of five . The Mets have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . New York , which began the day with the second - worst record in the majors , has lost four of five . The Nationals have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 against the Mets this season . New York has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . New York has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . New York , which began the day with the second - worst record in the majors , has lost four of five . The Nationals have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 against the Mets this season . The Nationals have lost five of six and are 2 - 8 in their last 10 games at Citi Field .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Los Angeles Angels have been waiting for C. J. Cron to be in the lineup for the first time this season . Cron hit a pair of solo homers , Andrelton Simmons had three hits and three RBI and the Angels beat the Tampa Bay Rays 13 - 5 on Tuesday night . Cron hit a solo homer in the second inning and a three - run shot in the ninth , and the Angels added three more runs in the ninth . Angels starter Tim Lincecum gave up five runs and 10 hits in 4 2/3 innings . The right - hander struck out six , walked one and hit a batter . The Angels took a 4 - 1 lead in the second on a two - run single by Nick Franklin , who had three hits and drove in two runs . Simmons had three hits , including a two - run double in the sixth that gave the Angels a 6 - 5 lead . Yunel Escobar had three hits and drove in two runs for the Angels . Deolis Guerra ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Dana Eveland gave up three runs and four hits in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth . The Rays scored three runs in the first inning off Jake Odorizzi ( 3 - 4 ) , who gave up seven runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . Cron had a two - run single in the fifth and a two - run homer in the ninth off Enny Romero . Cron hit a two - run homer off Enny Romero in the ninth , and Kole Calhoun added an RBI single .
CLEVELAND -- The Cleveland Indians are on their longest winning streak of the season . Mike Napoli hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Indians beat the Detroit Tigers 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Mike Napoli hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the seventh off Bruce Rondon ( 2 - 1 ) to give the Indians a 5 - 3 lead . Cleveland has won six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven . Cleveland 's Danny Salazar gave up three runs and eight hits over 5 2/3 innings . The right - hander struck out six and walked one . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Nicholas Castellanos and a solo shot by Steven Moya . Cleveland took a 2 - 0 lead in the third . Rajai Davis led off with a single , stole second and scored on Carlos Santana 's single . Napoli led off the third with a double and scored on Lindor 's sacrifice fly . Castellanos hit a two - run homer in the sixth to put Cleveland ahead 5 - 3 . Napoli hit a two - run homer in the seventh to make it 5 - 3 . Jeff Manship ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Cody Allen pitched the ninth for his 18th save in 21 chances . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Jason Kipnis ' two - out single . Lindor 's sacrifice fly in the third gave the Indians a 2 - 0 lead . Castellanos hit a two - run homer in the sixth .
PHILADELPHIA -- Jeremy Hellickson pitched six solid innings and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Kansas City Royals 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Odubel Herrera and Maikel Franco each had two hits and drove in a pair of runs for the Phillies . Hellickson ( 6 - 6 ) allowed one run and five hits , striking out six and walking one . Jeanmar Gomez pitched a perfect ninth for his 22nd save . Ian Kennedy ( 6 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out eight and walked three . Herrera hit a two - run homer off David Hernandez in the eighth to cut it to 4 - 3 . Kendrys Herrera hit a two - run homer in the eighth off Phillies reliever David Hernandez to pull the Royals to 4 - 3 . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Cody Asche and a run - scoring single by Cheslor Cuthbert . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Maikel Franco . The Royals tied it in the second on a two - out RBI double by Cody Asche . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a run - scoring single by Maikel Franco and a run - scoring single by Cheslor Cuthbert . Royals right - hander Chien-Ming Wang gave up a run and two hits in the sixth . Chien-Ming Wang gave up one run and two hits in a scoreless eighth for Philadelphia . Chien-Ming Wang gave up a run in the eighth and Edubray Ramos finished for the Phillies . Royals right - hander Chien-Ming Wang gave up one run and two hits in one inning .
HOUSTON -- Mike Fiers has been impressed with the Houston Astros ' pitching . Fiers pitched six scoreless innings , Carlos Gomez hit a two - run homer and the Astros beat the Chicago White Sox 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Fiers ( 6 - 3 ) allowed four hits and struck out four in six innings to win for the first time in four starts . He allowed four hits and struck out four in six innings . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . Miguel Gonzalez ( 1 - 4 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in seven innings for the White Sox . He struck out four and walked two . Gomez hit a two - run homer off Chris Beck in the seventh inning to give Houston a 3 - 0 lead . Gomez hit a two - out , two - run homer in the seventh to make it 3 - 0 . Carlos Correa singled with one out in the fourth inning and scored on a single by Carlos Correa to make it 1 - 0 . Correa hit a two - out , two - run homer in the seventh to make it 3 - 0 . The White Sox added three runs in the eighth off Chris Beck . Valbuena doubled with one out and scored on a double by Colby Rasmus to make it 5 - 0 . The White Sox had a chance to add to the lead in the eighth . Springer reached on an error by third baseman Tyler Saladino , stole second base and scored on a double by Luis Valbuena . Valbuena added an RBI double to make it 5 - 0 .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Jacoby Ellsbury and the New York Yankees are on a roll . Ellsbury had four hits , including a go - ahead single in the 10th inning , and the New York Yankees beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Jacoby Ellsbury had a career - high four hits and drove in two runs , and Aaron Judge and Kendrys Morales also homered for the Yankees . Dellin Betances ( 3 - 4 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Chasen Shreve got two outs for his first career save . Joakim Soria ( 4 - 6 ) took the loss , giving up three hits and one run in one inning . Royals starter Masahiro Volquez gave up four runs and four hits in five innings , his shortest outing of the season . He struck out four , walked none and hit a batter . Judge hit a two - run homer in the second off Edinson Volquez , who gave up four runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings . Judge hit a two - run homer in the second off Edinson Volquez , who gave up four runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out five . Judge hit a two - run homer in the second off Edinson Tanaka , who allowed four runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He struck out five , walked two and hit a batter . Judge hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Jarrod Dyson added an RBI triple in the third to make it 4 - 1 . Judge hit a two - run homer in the second , and Ellsbury added an RBI double in the third .
MILWAUKEE -- Jonathan Villar and the St. Louis Cardinals had a chance to score in the ninth inning . Jonathan Villar doubled in the go - ahead run in the bottom of the ninth to lift the Cardinals to a 6 - 5 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Cardinals starter Carlos Martinez tied a career high with 13 strikeouts in six innings , allowing one run and four hits . He walked two and struck out a season - high 13 . Kolten Wong hit a solo homer and drove in two runs for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Miguel Socolovich ( 1 - 0 ) struck out four in 1 2/3 scoreless innings for his first major league win . Seung Hwan Oh pitched a perfect ninth for his 14th save in 16 chances . Tyler Thornburg ( 5 - 5 ) took the loss , giving up an unearned run in the top of the ninth . Orlando Arcia hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Milwaukee starter Zach Davies gave up three runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on a two - out , two - run homer by Jedd Gyorko and a sacrifice fly by Scooter Gennett . Wong 's sacrifice fly in the fourth gave the Cardinals a 1 - 0 lead . Grichuk 's two - run homer off Matt Bowman gave the Cardinals a 5 - 5 lead in the eighth . Wong 's sacrifice fly in the fourth gave the Cardinals a 1 - 0 lead .
DETROIT -- Jarrod Saltalamacchia had a chance to go deep in the ninth inning to give the Detroit Tigers the lead . Saltalamacchia hit a tiebreaking two - run homer in the eighth inning , and the Tigers beat the Chicago White Sox 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit a go - ahead , two - run homer off Nate Jones ( 5 - 3 ) in the eighth to give Detroit a 4 - 3 lead . Justin Wilson ( 4 - 4 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth for his major league - leading 37th save . Tyler Saladino hit a go - ahead homer in the sixth , and Justin Upton added a solo shot in the seventh to give the White Sox a 3 - 2 lead . Justin Upton hit a solo homer in the seventh for the White Sox , who have lost five of six . The White Sox have lost four of five . Detroit starter James Shields allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out six . Detroit starter Matt Boyd gave up two runs and seven hits in four innings . He walked two and struck out three . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Saladino 's two - out , two - run single . Saladino 's two - out , two - run single in the fourth gave the Tigers a 2 - 1 lead . Saladino 's two - run single in the fourth gave the Tigers a 2 - 1 lead . Saladino 's two - run single in the fourth gave the Tigers a 2 - 1 lead .
NEW YORK -- Steve Pearce and the Baltimore Orioles finally found a way to beat CC Sabathia . Pearce hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the eighth inning and the Orioles beat CC Sabathia and the New York Yankees 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Sabathia ( 8 - 11 ) gave up three runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Gausman ( 6 - 10 ) allowed seven hits , struck out nine and walked none . The right - hander is 6 - 0 in his last eight starts against the Yankees , including a 4 - 0 win at Yankee Stadium on July 26 . The Yankees have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place New York Yankees in the AL East . Pearce hit a two - run single in the seventh and Trumbo added a two - run homer off Ben Heller in the eighth to make it 5 - 0 . Sabathia ( 8 - 11 ) gave up three runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The Yankees have lost seven of their last nine games and have lost six of their last seven . Baltimore went ahead 1 - 0 in the sixth when Jonathan Schoop hit a two - out single , stole second and scored on Manny Machado 's double - play grounder . Baltimore loaded the bases with no outs in the seventh , but Tommy Hunter got Trumbo to ground into an inning - ending double play . Baltimore loaded the bases with no outs in the seventh but failed to score .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have been waiting for him to get back in the lineup . Adrian Gonzalez drove in the go - ahead run with a bases - loaded fielder 's choice in the eighth inning , and the Dodgers beat the Chicago Cubs 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Joe Blanton ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth for his 39th save in 48 chances . The Dodgers ' Jon Lester pitched six scoreless innings , allowing three hits and two walks while striking out six . The right - hander struck out six , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last five starts . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games . The Cubs have lost six of seven . Cahill ( 3 - 4 ) was charged with an unearned run and one hit in just one - third of an inning . The right - hander struck out one and walked one in his first loss since July 26 . The Cubs have lost four of five . The Cubs have lost four of five . The Cubs have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Cubs have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Cubs have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Cubs have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Cubs have lost four of five .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Mitch Moreland and the Texas Rangers finally got to Carlos Carrasco . Moreland hit a grand slam and drove in four runs , A. J. Griffin pitched six scoreless innings and the Rangers beat the Cleveland Indians 7 - 0 on Tuesday night for their season - high sixth straight win . Carlos Beltran had two hits and scored a run for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Carlos Beltran went 0 - for - 3 with three strikeouts for the Indians , who have lost five of six . Carlos Carrasco ( 9 - 7 ) gave up seven runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in four innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Moreland 's grand slam capped a five - run first inning against Cleveland starter Cole Hamels , who gave up seven runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in four innings . Griffin ( 6 - 3 ) allowed five hits , struck out six and walked one . The right - hander is 6 - 0 in his last eight starts against the Indians , who have won four of five . The Rangers have lost five of six and have been shut out for the first time this season . Cleveland has lost four of five . The Indians have lost four of five . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost four of five . Cleveland 's Elvis Andrus had a two - run double in the third and a two - run double in the third to give the Rangers a 7 - 0 lead . It was the first two - run homer of the season for Moreland , who had a career - high four RBIs .
MILWAUKEE -- Pittsburgh Pirates manager Clint Hurdle was n't happy with his team 's 9 - 6 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Hernan Perez hit a pair of three - run homers , Josh Harrison had three hits and drove in two runs , and Jeff Locke ( 9 - 7 ) pitched two innings for the win . Neftali Feliz pitched the ninth for his second save in three chances . Blaine Boyer ( 1 - 3 ) gave up three runs in the sixth , including Gregory Polanco 's bases - clearing double that made it 9 - 6 . Gregory Nelson gave up six runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked three and struck out one . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Starling Marte 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by Josh Bell . Pittsburgh scored four runs in the first , including a three - run homer by Hernan Perez , and a run - scoring single by Andrew McCutchen in the fourth . The Pirates took a 4 - 1 lead in the first on a two - run single by Josh Harrison and a run - scoring single by Orlando Arcia . The Pirates scored four runs in the fourth to take a 6 - 5 lead . John Jaso had a pinch - hit RBI single and Tyler Cravy hit his first homer of the season to make it 6 - 6 . The Brewers took a 6 - 5 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Josh Bell and a run - scoring single by Andrew McCutchen . Milwaukee starter Jameson Taillon allowed five runs and seven hits in three innings .
LOS ANGELES -- Julio Urias pitched six strong innings , and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Chicago Cubs 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Urias ( 5 - 2 ) allowed one run and six hits in six innings , struck out eight and walked two . The right - hander is 5 - 0 in his last six starts against the Cubs , including a 1 - 0 loss to the Chicago Cubs on July 26 . The Dodgers have won five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Dodgers have lost six of seven and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . They have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Cubs have lost six of seven . Jason Hammel ( 13 - 7 ) gave up three runs and five hits in 2 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander struck out one and did n't walk a batter for the second time in his last four starts . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth for his 38th save in 48 chances . The Cubs have lost three straight and six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost five of six and are 2 - 7 against the Dodgers this season .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros had a lot of opportunities against the Tampa Bay Rays . Alex Bregman hit a two - run homer , Dallas Keuchel pitched seven solid innings and the Astros beat the Tampa Bay Rays 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Astros have won six of their last eight games and have the worst record in the majors . The Astros have won 10 of their last 13 games and have the worst record in the majors . Keuchel ( 9 - 12 ) allowed nine hits and two runs with four strikeouts in seven innings to win for the first time in four starts . The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in each of his last five starts . The Astros have won five of their last six games and have the worst record in the majors . The Astros have lost five of their last six games and are 1 - 5 on their current road trip . Rays starter Blake Snell ( 4 - 7 ) allowed five runs and nine hits in three - plus innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . Bobby Wilson hit a two - run homer in the fifth for Tampa Bay . Gurriel 's RBI double in the seventh made it 6 - 2 . Gurriel 's RBI double in the seventh gave the Astros a 6 - 2 lead . Gurriel 's RBI double in the seventh inning gave the Astros a 6 - 2 lead . Gurriel 's RBI double in the seventh inning gave the Astros a 6 - 2 lead . It was the third time this season the Astros have hit back - to - back home runs . Alex Bregman hit a two - run homer in the third inning for Tampa Bay , which has lost four of five . The Rays scored in the second inning on a double by Evan Gattis and a sacrifice fly by Marwin Gonzalez .
PHOENIX -- Ramon Cabrera 's sacrifice fly in the bottom of the 11th inning lifted the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 4 - 3 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . The Diamondbacks had a chance to win it in the bottom of the 11th . Phil Gosselin drew a one - out walk from Blake Wood ( 5 - 3 ) , stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch . Jean Segura then hit a grounder to third baseman Scott Schebler , who threw home for the force out . Ramon Cabrera followed with a sacrifice fly to give Arizona a 3 - 2 lead . Edwin Escobar ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Scott Schebler had two hits , including a run - scoring single in the second inning , and Weeks hit a solo homer in the fourth to give the Reds a 2 - 1 lead . The Reds tied it in the ninth against Enrique Burgos . Tyler Holt reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second and scored on a sacrifice fly by Jose Peraza . Arizona starter Brandon Finnegan struck out a career - high 12 in six innings , giving up two runs and three hits . He walked two and struck out a season - high 12 . The Reds tied it in the ninth against Raisel Iglesias on a bases - loaded sacrifice fly by A. J. Pollock , but the Reds tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Jose Peraza and a sacrifice fly by Jose Peraza . Arizona starter Braden Finnegan struck out a career - high 12 in six innings , allowing two runs and three hits . He walked two and struck out a season - high 12 .
TORONTO -- Mike Trout and the Los Angeles Angels are on a roll . Trout had three hits and drove in four runs , Jered Weaver pitched effectively into the sixth inning and the Angels beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Josh Donaldson and Josh Donaldson also homered for the Angels , who won for the sixth time in seven games . Weaver ( 9 - 11 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . The Blue Jays have won six of their past eight games . Happ ( 17 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He walked one and struck out six . Trout had a two - run single in the sixth , then added a two - run single in the seventh . Trout hit a two - run single in the seventh and added a two - run single in the seventh . Trout hit a two - run single in the sixth and added a two - run single in the seventh . Trout hit a two - run single in the seventh and added a two - run single in the seventh . Trout hit a two - run single off Fernando Salas in the seventh , and Bautista added an RBI double off Fernando Salas in the ninth . Toronto 's B. J. Upton , who had three hits , scored twice and stole a base . Upton had three hits , extending his hitting streak to a career - high 11 games . The Blue Jays have lost six of their past eight games . Toronto 's Albert Pujols had two hits , including an RBI single in the sixth .
PHOENIX -- The Atlanta Braves had a chance to take the lead in the ninth inning , but the Braves could n't come up with a big hit . Dansby Swanson had a sacrifice fly and Matt Kemp drove in three runs to lead the Braves to a 7 - 4 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night . The Braves took a 4 - 2 lead in the third inning on a two - run double by Matt Kemp and a two - run double by Jake Lamb . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Nick Markakis ' RBI single and Yasmany Tomas ' two - run single . Kemp 's sacrifice fly in the fourth cut the lead to 4 - 3 , but the Braves scored three runs in the eighth off Jake Barrett ( 1 - 2 ) . Jose Ramirez ( 2 - 0 ) struck out the side in the eighth for the win . Jim Johnson pitched the ninth for his 11th save in 13 chances . Jake Lamb had two hits and drove in two runs for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Arizona starter Archie Bradley allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Arizona starter Rob Whalen was charged with four runs and two hits in 2 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out two . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on Nick Markakis ' RBI single and a two - run double by Kemp . Arizona tied it at 2 in the third on a two - run double by Adonis Garcia and a double by Tyler Flowers .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are on the verge of a playoff spot in the NL West . Andrew Toles hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , Denard Span also went deep and the Dodgers beat the San Francisco Giants 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Dodgers took two of three from the defending World Series champions , who have won seven of their last 10 games . The Giants have lost six of seven . Bumgarner ( 12 - 8 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in five - plus innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Giants took a 3 - 2 lead in the third on a run - scoring single by Angel Pagan and a sacrifice fly by Enrique Hernandez . Rob Segedin hit his first homer of the season , a solo shot in the second . The Giants tied it at 3 in the third on Buster Posey 's RBI single . The Giants tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Ehire Adrianza . The Giants tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Enrique Hernandez . The Giants tied the game 3 - 2 in the fifth on Brandon Belt 's RBI double , but the Dodgers tied it in the sixth on a two - run single by Gonzalez and a run - scoring single by Ehire Adrianza . The Giants tied it at 3 in the sixth on a run - scoring single by Enrique Hernandez and a sacrifice fly by Ehire Adrianza . The Giants tied it at 3 in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Howie Kendrick . The Giants tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Enrique Hernandez . The Giants tied it at 3 in the fifth on a two - run single by Gonzalez . The Giants tied it in the bottom half on a two - run homer by Toles , his second of the season . The Dodgers tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Enrique Hernandez .
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting for the Baltimore Orioles to get back to .500 for the first time this season . Mark Trumbo hit a tiebreaking two - run homer in the fourth inning , and the Orioles beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Jonathan Schoop and Danny Espinosa also went deep for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Bundy ( 7 - 4 ) allowed two runs and three hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked four . Zach Britton worked a perfect ninth for his 38th save . Cole Hamels ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs , four earned , and five hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Anthony Rendon hit a solo homer in the third for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Baltimore took a 4 - 2 lead in the fourth . Manny Machado led off with a double and scored on a double by Chris Davis . Chris Davis followed with an RBI double to make it 4 - 2 . Bundy allowed two runs and three hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked four . Baltimore went up 2 - 1 in the third inning when Manny Machado led off with a double and scored on a two - out single by Daniel Murphy . Baltimore went up 2 - 1 in the bottom half . Trea Turner drew a one - out walk , stole second and scored on a single by Daniel Murphy . Baltimore tied it in the bottom half on a run - scoring double by Chris Davis and a two - run homer by Trumbo .
PITTSBURGH -- Doug Fister did n't need much help from the Houston Astros . Fister pitched seven innings of three - hit ball and Teoscar Hernandez hit a two - run homer to lead the Astros to a 3 - 1 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Fister ( 12 - 8 ) allowed three hits , struck out six and walked one in seven innings to win for the first time in four starts . The right - hander has allowed three runs or fewer in six of his last seven starts . Fister ( 3 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in eight innings , striking out eight and walking one . He has allowed three runs or fewer in each of his last four starts . Teoscar Hernandez put the Astros ahead with a two - run homer in the fifth off Jameson Taillon ( 3 - 3 ) . Teoscar Hernandez hit a two - run homer in the fifth for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Pittsburgh has won five of its last six games . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 1 - 4 on their current 10 - game road trip . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . Gregory Polanco led off the ninth with a double off Neftali Feliz and scored on David Freese 's two - out single . Ken Giles gave up a solo homer to Alex Bregman in the ninth but earned his fourth save in six opportunities . Houston 's Jose Altuve extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first . He was 1 for 4 with a strikeout .
BALTIMORE -- The Houston Astros are on their longest winning streak of the season . Jason Castro hit a grand slam and drove in four runs , George Springer also went deep and the Astros beat the Baltimore Orioles 12 - 2 on Tuesday night . Jason Castro homered and drove in four runs , and Alex Bregman and Chris Davis also went deep for the Astros , who have won five of six . Fiers ( 9 - 6 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking one . The right - hander has won his last three starts against the Orioles , who have won five of six . The Astros have lost six of seven . Tillman gave up six runs , six hits and five walks in two - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his last five starts . Tillman ( 15 - 5 ) gave up six runs , six hits and five walks in two - plus innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . Baltimore went up 2 - 0 in the first inning when Springer led off with a double and scored on a single by Jose Altuve . Springer hit a two - run homer in the fifth to make it 6 - 1 , and Bregman hit a two - run shot in the fifth to make it 8 - 1 . Castro homered in the eighth off Brad Peacock to make it 11 - 2 . Pearce hit a solo homer in the ninth , his second of the season .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The New York Mets are on the verge of a playoff berth . Yoenis Cespedes homered twice and drove in three runs , Bartolo Colon pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the New York Mets beat the San Francisco Giants 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Alejandro De Aza hit a three - run homer and Denard Span added a solo shot for the Mets , who have won four of five . Cespedes hit two solo homers , including a solo shot in the third , and a solo shot in the seventh . Alejandro De Aza hit a three - run homer in the sixth for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Colon ( 11 - 7 ) allowed two runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Mets scored three runs in the first inning off Matt Moore ( 7 - 10 ) , who gave up three runs and five hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out three . Cespedes hit a solo homer in the third and a solo shot off Cory Gearrin in the seventh to make it 8 - 2 . Alejandro De Aza hit a three - run homer in the sixth for the Giants , who have lost five of six . The Mets scored in the first on a sacrifice fly by Conor Gillaspie and a run - scoring single by Jose Reyes . Cespedes hit a solo homer in the third and a solo shot off Cory Gearrin in the seventh to make it 8 - 2 . Colon ( 11 - 7 ) allowed two runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one .
SEATTLE -- Felix Hernandez had his best stuff of the season , and the Seattle Mariners finally found a way to beat the Milwaukee Brewers . Hernandez pitched eight strong innings , Mike Zunino and Leonys Martin homered and the Mariners beat the Milwaukee Brewers 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hernandez ( 8 - 4 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Brewers have won five of six and have won six of their last seven games . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Seattle starter Wily Peralta ( 5 - 9 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out one . Martin led off the third with a double and scored on Aoki 's double to left - center . The Mariners added a run in the fifth on Ryan Braun 's RBI double and a run - scoring double by Hernan Perez . The Brewers added a run in the eighth on Zunino 's two - run double and a run - scoring double by Adam Lind . The Brewers added a run in the eighth on an RBI double by Adam Lind and a run - scoring single by Hernan Perez . The Brewers added a run in the eighth on an RBI double by Nelson Cruz and a two - run double by Hernan Perez . The Brewers added a run in the eighth on a double by Kyle Seager and a two - run double by Hernan Perez . The Brewers added a run in the eighth on an RBI double by Hernan Perez and a two - run double by Ryan Braun . The Brewers added two runs in the eighth off Rob Scahill .
DENVER -- Ryan Raburn hit a game - ending homer in the 11th inning and the Colorado Rockies beat the Chicago Cubs 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Ryan Raburn hit a one - out triple off Chapman in the 11th and scored on DJ LeMahieu 's double to tie the game at 5 . LeMahieu had two hits , including a run - scoring double off Chapman ( 3 - 1 ) in the 11th . The Rockies took a 5 - 3 lead in the seventh on a two - run homer by Dexter Fowler and a two - run shot by Addison Russell . Matt Dahl hit a leadoff homer in the first inning and Addison Russell added a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Cubs a 5 - 1 lead . The Cubs tied it in the seventh on Carlos Gonzalez 's run - scoring groundout and Nolan Arenado 's sacrifice fly . Matt Hendricks allowed one run and four hits in six innings for the Rockies . He struck out three and walked one . Chicago starter Tyler Anderson gave up five runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Anthony Rizzo hit a two - out RBI single . Bryant 's two - out single in the third made it 3 - 1 , and Russell 's two - run homer in the sixth gave the Cubs a 5 - 1 lead . It was the first time this season the Rockies have hit back - to - back home runs . Russell hit a two - run homer in the sixth to make it 5 - 1 .
PHILADELPHIA -- Ryan Howard and Maikel Franco hit back - to - back home runs in the seventh inning to lift the Philadelphia Phillies to a 5 - 4 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Tuesday night . Howard hit a two - run shot in the seventh inning off Grant Dayton ( 0 - 1 ) to give the Phillies a 5 - 4 lead . Maikel Franco hit a two - run homer in the seventh to give the Dodgers a 4 - 1 lead . Franco tied it with a two - run homer in the seventh . Jeanmar Gomez pitched a perfect ninth for his 32nd save in 35 chances . Michael Turner hit a three - run homer and Yasmani Grandal also went deep for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Michael Mariot ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect seventh for the win . Michael Turner hit a three - run homer and Ryan Howard also went deep for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Dodgers starter Jerad Eickhoff gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Taylor Featherston and a run - scoring single by Taylor Featherston . The Dodgers cut it to 4 - 3 in the fourth on Aaron Altherr 's RBI single and Franco 's two - run homer off Ross Stripling . The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Taylor Featherston and a run - scoring double by Taylor Featherston . Turner hit a three - run homer in the first inning to give the Dodgers a 2 - 1 lead . The Phillies tied it in the second when Chase Utley led off with a double and scored on Taylor Featherston 's two - out double .
CINCINNATI -- Ramon Cabrera hit a three - run homer , and the Cincinnati Reds beat Jose Fernandez and the Miami Marlins 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Fernandez ( 12 - 7 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in four innings . He struck out six , walked one and hit a batter . Marcell Ozuna hit a two - run homer for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Dan Straily ( 9 - 6 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter . Raisel Iglesias pitched a perfect ninth for his second save in three chances . The Marlins have lost four of five . Miami has lost six of seven . The Marlins have lost six of seven . Miami has lost six of seven . The Marlins have lost six of seven . Miami has lost six of seven . The Marlins have lost six of seven . Miami has lost six of seven . The Marlins have lost four of five . Miami has lost six of seven . The Marlins have lost six of their last seven games . The Marlins have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Marlins have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Marlins have lost six of their last seven games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park since the start of the 2000 season . The Marlins have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven .
CLEVELAND -- Corey Kluber has n't had much success against the Chicago White Sox . Kluber ( 13 - 8 ) allowed one run in six innings to win his fifth straight start , Justin Morneau homered and the Indians beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Kluber ( 13 - 8 ) allowed one run and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Cleveland 's Jose Quintana ( 9 - 9 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . The right - hander struck out three and walked two . Justin Morneau homered for the White Sox , who have lost five of six . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind first - place Detroit in the AL Central . Cody Allen pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in 26 chances . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of their last seven games . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of their last seven games . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven and are 2 1/2 games behind AL Central-leading Detroit .
TORONTO -- Aaron Sanchez has been a tough - luck loser for the Houston Astros . Sanchez pitched seven innings to win for the first time in four starts , Russell Martin hit a three - run homer and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Houston Astros 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Sanchez ( 12 - 2 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings to win for the first time in four starts . He walked three and struck out six . Josh Donaldson homered and Carlos Correa had a two - run double as the Blue Jays won for the seventh time in nine games . The Blue Jays have won six of their past seven games . Houston 's Collin McHugh ( 7 - 10 ) allowed three runs , three earned , and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out six . Roberto Osuna pitched the ninth for his 26th save in 28 chances . McHugh allowed three runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out six . Martin hit a two - out , two - run homer off James Hoyt in the sixth . Martin connected in the sixth to give the Blue Jays a 4 - 2 lead . Martin connected in the sixth to give the Blue Jays a 4 - 2 lead . Martin connected in the sixth to give the Blue Jays a 4 - 2 lead . It was Martin 's seventh home run of the season and first since July 26 . Donaldson hit a solo shot in the first , his 12th . The Astros tied it in the bottom half on Correa 's two - run double .
NEW YORK -- Gabriel Ynoa ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning to earn his first major league win , and the New York Mets beat the San Diego Padres 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Neil Walker led off the 11th with a single off Brandon Maurer ( 0 - 3 ) and advanced to second on a wild pitch . Wilmer Flores then hit a grounder to second baseman Wil Myers , who threw home for the force out . Wil Myers tied it with a home run off Jeurys Familia , and Kelly Johnson 's sacrifice fly gave the Mets a 2 - 1 lead . Gabriel Buchter ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning for the win . Wilmer Flores had three hits and drove in a run for the Mets , who have won four of five . Yangervis Solarte homered for San Diego , which has dropped five of six . Jacob deGrom allowed one run and three hits in seven innings for San Diego . He struck out nine and walked one . New York 's Jarred Cosart gave up one run and three hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked two . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . San Diego , which began the day with the best record in the majors , has lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven .
CLEVELAND -- Mike Napoli and the Cleveland Indians are doing their best to keep up with the Los Angeles Angels . Napoli had a career - high four hits , including a grand slam , and drove in four runs to lead the Indians to a 14 - 4 win over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Napoli hit a solo homer in the first inning and added a three - run shot in the fifth to give the Indians a 13 - 3 lead . Mike Napoli also homered and drove in four runs for the Indians . Lonnie Chisenhall had a career - high four RBIs and Carlos Santana homered for the Indians . Corey Kluber ( 12 - 8 ) allowed three runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked two . Jhoulys Chacin ( 3 - 8 ) allowed seven runs -- seven earned -- and six hits in 1 1/3 innings for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Angels starter Brett Oberholtzer gave up six runs and six hits in 1 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He struck out three and walked one . Jose Ramirez and Cliff Pennington homered for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth inning by plate umpire Bill Welke for arguing a called third strike . Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth for arguing a called third strike . Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth inning for arguing a called third strike . Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth for arguing a called third strike . Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth inning by plate umpire Mike Winters for arguing a called third strike . Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth inning by plate umpire Mike Winters for arguing a called third strike . Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth for arguing a called third strike . Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth inning for arguing a called third strike . Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth inning for arguing a called third strike . Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth inning for arguing a called third strike . Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth inning for arguing a called third strike . Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth inning for arguing a called third strike . Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth inning for arguing a called third strike . Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth inning for arguing a called third strike . Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth inning for arguing a called third strike . Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth inning for arguing a called third strike . Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth inning for arguing a called third strike . Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth inning for arguing a called third strike . Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth inning for arguing a called third strike . Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth inning for arguing a called third strike . Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth inning for arguing a called third strike . Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth inning for arguing a called third strike . Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth inning for arguing a called third strike . Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth inning for arguing a called third strike . Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth inning for arguing a called third strike . Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth inning for arguing a called third strike . Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth inning for arguing a called third strike . Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth inning by plate umpire Angel Campos after a called third strike . Angels manager Mike Scioscia came out to argue the call , and the umpires huddled and reversed the call . Angels manager Mike Scioscia challenged the call , but the call was overturned after a review of 1 minute , 4 seconds . Angels manager Mike Scioscia challenged the call , but the call was overturned after a review of 1 minute , 4 seconds . Angels manager Mike Scioscia challenged the call , but the call was upheld . Angels manager Mike Scioscia challenged the call , but the call was overturned after a review of 1 minute , 4 seconds . Angels manager Mike Scioscia came out to argue the call , but the call was overturned after a replay review . Angels manager Mike Scioscia argued the call with home plate umpire Paul Nauert , and the call was overturned . Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected for arguing with home plate umpire Mike Winters . Angels manager Mike Scioscia came out to argue the call and was ejected by plate umpire Mike Winters . Angels manager Mike Scioscia came out to argue the call and was ejected by plate umpire Mike Winters . Angels manager Mike Scioscia came out to argue the call and was ejected by plate umpire Mike Winters . Angels manager Mike Scioscia came out to argue the call and was ejected by plate umpire Mike Winters . Angels manager Mike Scioscia came out to argue the call and was ejected by home plate umpire Mike Winters . Angels manager Mike Scioscia came out to argue the call and was ejected by home plate umpire Mike Winters . Angels manager Mike Scioscia came out to
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals are on the verge of a playoff berth . Danny Duffy pitched a seven - hitter for his second career complete game , and the Kansas City Royals beat the Chicago White Sox 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Duffy ( 9 - 1 ) allowed one run and seven hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . The right - hander has a 2.82 ERA in his past three starts . The White Sox have lost six of seven . Carson Fulmer ( 0 - 2 ) gave up two runs and three hits in three innings . He struck out three and walked one . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning on Jason Cuthbert 's RBI triple and a run - scoring single by Eric Hosmer . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Jason Cuthbert 's RBI triple and a run - scoring single by Jason Cuthbert . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Jason Cuthbert and a run - scoring single by Jason Cuthbert . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Jason Cuthbert and a run - scoring single by Jason Cuthbert . Chicago tied it in the bottom half on a run - scoring single by Jason Cuthbert and a run - scoring single by Jason Vargas . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Duffy struck out Todd Frazier and Drew Butera .
PITTSBURGH -- The San Diego Padres have n't been able to find a way to get back to .500 . Edwin Jackson pitched seven innings of two - hit ball , Alexei Ramirez hit an RBI single and the San Diego Padres beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Jackson ( 3 - 2 ) allowed two hits , struck out seven and walked three . The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in four of his last five starts . The Padres have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have lost six of seven . Vogelsong allowed two runs and three hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Pirates have lost five of six . Vogelsong allowed two runs and three hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Pirates ' Ryan Vogelsong ( 1 - 2 ) allowed two runs and three hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Alexei Ramirez 's RBI single in the seventh made it 3 - 0 . Alexei Ramirez 's RBI single in the seventh made it 3 - 0 . Alexei Ramirez 's RBI single in the seventh made it 3 - 0 . McCutchen extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first . He was 1 - for - 4 with a double and a double . McCutchen extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first . He is batting .429 ( 14 for 32 ) with runners in scoring position over that span . McCutchen extended his hitting streak to a career - high 14 games .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Ross Detwiler did n't allow a runner to reach second base until the seventh inning , and the Oakland Athletics finally found a way to beat the Baltimore Orioles . Detwiler pitched eight innings of six - hit ball , Yonder Alonso doubled twice and the A 's beat the Baltimore Orioles 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Detwiler ( 1 - 0 ) allowed six hits , struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 2.13 ERA in four starts against the Orioles this season . John Axford pitched the ninth for his second save . Yovani Gallardo ( 4 - 4 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . Yonder Alonso doubled in a run in the third for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore 's Marcus Semien singled with one out in the third and scored on Yonder Alonso 's double to the gap in right - center . Alonso followed with a two - out double to make it 1 - 0 . Baltimore loaded the bases with one out in the seventh but failed to score . Oakland loaded the bases with one out , but Detwiler struck out Mark Trumbo to end the threat . Baltimore 's Adam Jones extended his hitting streak to a career - high 13 games with a single in the first . He has hit safely in all nine of his games against the A 's this season . Baltimore 's J. J. Hardy extended his hitting streak to a career - high 14 games with a sixth - inning single .
BOSTON -- The New York Yankees have been waiting for him to find a groove at the plate . Rick Porcello became the first 15 - game winner in the majors , and Dustin Pedroia drove in three runs to lead the Boston Red Sox to a 5 - 3 victory over the New York Yankees on Tuesday night . Porcello ( 15 - 3 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in eight innings , striking out six and walking one . The right - hander is tied for the major league lead in wins . Matt Barnes got the final out for his first save . Luis Severino ( 1 - 7 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings for the Yankees , who have lost three of four . The Yankees have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost six of seven .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers had a big night at the plate . Aaron Altherr hit a two - run homer and Howie Kendrick added a two - run shot , helping the Dodgers beat the Philadelphia Phillies 9 - 3 on Tuesday night . Yasmani Grandal hit a two - run homer and Justin Turner added a two - run shot for the Dodgers . Kenta Maeda ( 11 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits in five innings , struck out four and walked two . The right - hander has won his last three starts and has a 3.31 ERA in his last five starts . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games . Velasquez gave up a career - high nine runs and 11 hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . Velasquez gave up a two - run homer to Freddy Galvis in the second inning and a two - run shot to Howie Kendrick in the third . Kendrick 's RBI double in the fifth made it 9 - 3 . Velasquez ( 8 - 4 ) gave up a career - high nine runs and 11 hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . Velasquez gave up a two - run homer to Justin Turner in the second inning and a two - run shot to Freddy Galvis in the third , his first of the season . It was the first homer allowed by Velasquez in his last five starts . The Dodgers took a 4 - 2 lead in the second on Yasmani Grandal 's two - run homer and Joc Pederson 's RBI single in the second . The Dodgers took a 4 - 2 lead in the second on Kendrick 's two - run homer , his third of the season . The Dodgers took a 4 - 2 lead in the second on Aaron Altherr 's two - run homer and Galvis ' RBI single .
MILWAUKEE -- Atlanta Braves manager Fredi Gonzalez was n't surprised to see his team beat the Milwaukee Brewers 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Braves took a 4 - 3 lead in the bottom of the ninth inning , but the Braves rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Carlos Torres ( 2 - 2 ) walked Matt Kemp and Adonis Garcia to lead off the 12th . Gordon Beckham followed with a sharp grounder to third baseman Keon Broxton , who threw home for the force out . Matt Kemp scored from third on the play , and Gordon Beckham hit a sacrifice fly . Brandon Cunniff ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win . Jim Johnson pitched the 12th for his ninth save . Nick Markakis and A. J. Pierzynski hit back - to - back home runs in the second inning to give the Braves a 1 - 0 lead . Atlanta tied it in the fourth on a two - run homer by Nick Markakis . The Brewers tied it in the bottom of the inning on a two - run homer by Martin Maldonado . The Brewers tied it in the bottom of the inning on Keon Broxton 's RBI single . Milwaukee starter Zach Davies gave up three runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter . Milwaukee starter Rob Whalen allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Atlanta tied it at 1 in the second on a two - out , RBI single by Hernan Perez . The Brewers tied it in the fifth on a two - run homer by Maldonado .
DETROIT -- The New York Mets have been waiting for Neil Walker to come off the disabled list . Neil Walker hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the ninth inning , and the Mets beat the Detroit Tigers 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Neil Walker hit a two - run homer off Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) in the ninth to give the Mets a 3 - 1 lead . Addison Reed ( 3 - 2 ) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief . Jeurys Familia pitched the ninth for his 39th save in 40 chances , and the Mets won for the seventh time in eight games . New York has lost four of five . The Mets have lost four of five . Detroit 's Anibal Sanchez allowed one run and four hits in eight innings . He struck out 10 and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . New York 's Jacob deGrom allowed one run and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . Michael Conforto hit a two - out homer in the seventh for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Detroit tied it at 1 in the bottom of the seventh on Ian Kinsler 's run - scoring single , but the Mets could n't hold the lead . The Tigers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Reed Rondon struck out Alejandro De Aza and Miguel Cabrera to end the game . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh when Justin Upton walked , stole second and scored on a wild pitch .
CHICAGO -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting for Manny Machado to come off the disabled list . Machado hit three home runs and drove in seven runs , Dylan Bundy pitched six strong innings and the Orioles beat the Chicago White Sox 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Machado hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a two - run shot in the third . Machado hit a two - run shot in the third inning and added a two - run shot in the third . Machado hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a two - run shot in the third . Machado hit a two - run shot in the third inning and added a two - run shot in the third . Machado hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a two - run shot in the third . He added a two - run shot in the third and a two - run shot in the third . Machado hit a two - run homer in the third and added a two - run shot in the third to make it 10 - 0 . Bundy ( 5 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out a season - high nine . Ubaldo Jimenez pitched three perfect innings for his first major league save . Shields ( 5 - 14 ) allowed a season - high eight runs and six hits in 1 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out one . Machado hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a two - run shot in the third to make it 10 - 0 . Machado hit a two - run homer in the third and a two - run shot off Matt Albers in the third to make it 10 - 0 . Machado hit a two - run homer in the third and a two - run shot in the third to make it 10 - 0 . It was the first three - homer game for Machado , who hit a two - run shot in the 10th inning of the White Sox 's 3 - 2 win over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Machado hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a two - run shot in the third to make it 10 - 0 . Machado hit a two - run homer off Matt Albers in the third to make it 10 - 0 . It was the first three - homer game for Machado , who hit a two - run shot in the 10th inning of the White Sox 's 3 - 2 win over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . It was the second three - homer game of his career . Machado hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a two - run shot off Matt Albers in the third to make it 10 - 0 .
DENVER -- Charlie Blackmon had a career - high four hits and drove in four runs , leading the Colorado Rockies to a 12 - 6 victory over the Miami Marlins on Tuesday night . Blackmon had a career - high four hits and drove in four runs , including a two - run homer in the seventh inning that gave the Rockies a 9 - 3 lead . The Rockies scored six runs in the sixth to take a 9 - 3 lead . Blackmon had a two - run single in the sixth and a two - run single in the sixth . Giancarlo Stanton hit a solo homer for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Andrew Cashner ( 4 - 8 ) allowed seven runs -- seven earned -- and eight hits in five - plus innings . He struck out five and walked one . Cashner ( 10 - 6 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out three and walked two . Bettis ( 10 - 6 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Blackmon and a run - scoring single by Martin Prado . Blackmon led off the bottom of the first with a leadoff homer to straightaway center . It was his fourth career leadoff homer and second this season . The Marlins tied it in the second on a run - scoring single by Dahl and a run - scoring single by Martin Prado . The Marlins tied it at 2 in the second on a run - scoring double by Blackmon and a run - scoring single by Stanton .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Chris Archer gave the Tampa Bay Rays a much - needed win . Archer allowed one run over six innings , Evan Longoria homered and the Rays beat the Minnesota Twins 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Archer ( 6 - 15 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Tampa Bay 's Logan Forsythe hit his 21st homer , a solo shot in the seventh . Bobby Wilson had a solo homer and drove in two runs for the Twins , who have won four of five . Alex Colome got two outs for his 27th save . Jose Berrios ( 2 - 2 ) allowed four runs and six hits in five - plus innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Berrios gave up four runs and six hits in five - plus innings . He walked one and struck out four . Evan Longoria hit a solo homer in the third for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Minnesota loaded the bases with no outs in the sixth on a walk and a hit batter , but Archer struck out Corey Dickerson to end the inning . The Twins added three runs in the sixth . Brad Miller had an RBI single and Bobby Wilson hit a solo homer off Trevor May to make it 6 - 1 . The Twins added a run in the eighth on Jorge Polanco 's two - run single off Dylan Floro . Jorge Polanco had a two - run single in the ninth off Alex Colome , who got the final two outs for his 27th save in 31 opportunities . The Twins have lost four of five .
SEATTLE -- Mike Trout hit a three - run homer off Tim Lincecum in the first inning and the Seattle Mariners beat the Los Angeles Angels 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Hernandez ( 6 - 4 ) allowed three hits and four runs in eight innings . He struck out six and walked three . Lincecum ( 2 - 6 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked two and struck out one . Mike Zunino hit a three - run homer in the first inning and Jett Bandy also went deep for the Angels , who have lost five of six . Hernandez ( 6 - 4 ) allowed three hits and four runs in eight innings . He struck out six and walked three . Edwin Diaz struck out the side in the ninth for his third save . The Angels have lost five of six . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels , who have the worst record in the American League , have lost six of seven . Angels starter Deolis Guerra allowed two hits and no runs in 1 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked none . Jose Alvarez pitched the eighth and Edwin Diaz struck out the side in the ninth for his third save . The Angels took a 6 - 3 lead in the bottom of the first on a run - scoring single by Robinson Cano and a sacrifice fly by Leonys Martin . Adam Lind had three hits , including an RBI single in the bottom of the first . Aoki had three hits and scored a run .
DETROIT -- Justin Verlander had a tough time in his first start against the New York Mets , and the Detroit Tigers did n't need much offense . Verlander struck out nine in six innings , Kelly Johnson hit a two - run homer and the Tigers beat Noah Syndergaard and the New York Mets 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 12 - 6 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Verlander ( 9 - 6 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Victor Martinez hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Kelly Johnson hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Mets , who have lost three of four . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Ian Kinsler led off with a single , stole second and scored on Miguel Cabrera 's groundout . Johnson hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Mets a 2 - 1 lead . Johnson hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Mets a 3 - 2 lead . It was Johnson 's first home run since July 26 . Johnson hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Mets a 2 - 1 lead .
NEW YORK -- The New York Mets are on the verge of a playoff berth . Jay Bruce hit a three - run homer , Bartolo Colon pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the New York Mets beat the New York Yankees 4 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight win . Kelly Johnson homered on the first pitch of the fifth inning to give the Mets a 4 - 0 lead . Colon ( 10 - 6 ) allowed one run and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out one and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander struck out one and did not walk a batter for the second time this season . Jeurys Familia pitched the ninth for his 38th save . Nathan Eovaldi ( 9 - 8 ) gave up four runs and five hits in seven innings for the Yankees . He struck out five and walked two . Kelly Johnson homered on the first pitch of the fifth inning for the Mets , who have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven .
SEATTLE -- The Boston Red Sox had a chance to take a 2 - 0 lead in the ninth inning , but Brock Holt was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second on Brock Holt 's two - out single in the 11th inning to lift the Red Sox to a 3 - 2 win over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . The Red Sox have won three of four , and the Red Sox have won six of their last seven games . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Seattle starter Ariel Miranda gave up two runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Shaw ( 1 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up one run and two hits in one inning . Craig Kimbrel ( 2 - 3 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings to get the win . Brad Ziegler pitched the 11th for his 21st save . Travis Shaw hit a solo home run in the second inning for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . O'Malley led off the second inning with his first homer of the season , a 1 - 0 pitch over the left - field wall . It was the second time this season the Red Sox have hit back - to - back homers . O'Malley led off the bottom of the second with a home run to left - center , his first of the season . O'Malley 's homer in the fifth made it 1 - 0 . It was the second time this season the Red Sox have hit back - to - back homers . Mookie Betts had an RBI double in the fifth and O'Malley homered in the fifth .
HOUSTON -- The Toronto Blue Jays have n't been able to find a way to get back to the playoffs . Happ pitched six solid innings , Devon Travis had three hits and the Blue Jays beat the Houston Astros 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Happ ( 15 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits with six strikeouts in six innings to win for the first time in four starts . Roberto Osuna pitched the ninth for his 24th save . Mike Fiers ( 7 - 5 ) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings for the Astros . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Blue Jays have lost five of their last six games . Houston starter J. A. Happ ( 15 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits with six strikeouts in six innings to win for the first time in four starts . The Blue Jays have won five of their last six games . Houston 's Edwin Encarnacion hit a solo homer in the ninth off James Hoyt , who was recalled from Triple-A Oklahoma City earlier in the day . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on Josh Donaldson 's RBI groundout . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Justin Smoak hit a two - out double to right - center . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a double by Devon Travis and a run - scoring double by Josh Donaldson . Travis Happ ( 15 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits with six strikeouts in six innings for the Blue Jays , who have won four of five . The Blue Jays have won six of their last seven games . Houston starter Luis Hoyt allowed a run in the first inning on a double by Devon Travis and a run - scoring double by Josh Donaldson . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a double by Russell Martin and a run - scoring double by Tyler White . Fiers allowed five hits and two runs with seven strikeouts in six innings .
NEW YORK -- Alejandro De Aza 's first home run in more than a month helped the New York Mets extend their winning streak to a season - high six games . Jacob deGrom pitched seven innings of four - hit ball , Travis d'Arnaud and Travis d'Arnaud homered and the Mets beat the New York Yankees 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . DeGrom ( 7 - 5 ) allowed four hits in seven innings , struck out eight and walked one . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his previous five starts . New York 's Masahiro Tanaka ( 7 - 4 ) gave up seven runs -- six earned -- and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked none and struck out four . Alejandro De Aza hit a two - run homer in the third inning for New York , which has lost four of five . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven .
SEATTLE -- Mike Zunino has been waiting for the Seattle Mariners to get back to the postseason . Zunino hit a solo home run in the eighth inning and the Seattle Mariners rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night . Robinson Cano hit a three - run homer off Fernando Abad ( 1 - 5 ) in the bottom of the eighth to give the Mariners a 5 - 4 lead . Mike Zunino hit a solo homer in the eighth for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Donn Roach ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two innings for the win . Edwin Diaz pitched the ninth for his first save of the season . Hanley Ramirez hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Price allowed four runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Boston 's Wade LeBlanc allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five , walked one and hit a batter . David Ortiz had a sacrifice fly in the eighth and a sacrifice fly in the eighth . Cano hit a three - run homer in the eighth off Seattle starter David Price , who allowed four runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Boston scored three runs in the fourth to take a 2 - 0 lead . Aaron Hill 's RBI single made it 3 - 0 , and Ortiz 's sacrifice fly in the eighth made it 2 - 0 .
CINCINNATI -- Scott Schebler had a chance to get the Cincinnati Reds on the board in the ninth inning . Schebler hit a three - run homer with one out in the bottom of the ninth to lift the Reds to a 7 - 5 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Joey Votto singled with one out in the ninth off Seunghwan Oh ( 2 - 2 ) , who allowed three runs and three hits in 1 1/3 innings . Jumbo Diaz ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for his first major league win . Adam Duvall hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Reds , who have won four of five . Brandon Moss had three hits , including a solo homer in the eighth that gave the Cardinals a 4 - 2 lead . Jedd Gyorko and Tommy Pham hit back - to - back homers off Oh ( 2 - 2 ) in the eighth to give the Cardinals a 4 - 3 lead . Moss had three hits , including a solo homer in the eighth that gave the Reds a 4 - 3 lead . Schebler had three hits , including a three - run homer off Ross Ohlendorf in the ninth that gave the Reds a 4 - 3 lead . Pham 's pinch - hit homer in the eighth gave the Reds a 4 - 3 lead . It was Schebler 's first game - ending homer of the season . The Reds have homered in the first two games of the three - game series . The Cardinals have won five of their last six games against the Cardinals , who have the worst record in the majors . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost seven of their last nine games . The Cardinals have lost four of five .
SEATTLE -- Mike Zunino and the Seattle Mariners have been waiting for a long time . Zunino hit a go - ahead home run in the seventh inning and the Mariners beat the Oakland Athletics 3 - 2 on Wednesday night . Mike Zunino hit a tiebreaking homer in the seventh inning and Ketel Marte added an RBI single in the eighth for the Mariners , who have won three of four . Seattle has won five of its last six games . The A 's have won five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The A 's have lost six of seven . Seattle starter Kendall Graveman gave up one run and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . The A 's scored in the fourth when Kyle Seager led off with a double and scored on Leonys Martin 's single . Leonys Martin followed with an RBI single to give the Athletics a 1 - 0 lead . Oakland tied it in the sixth . Adam Lind led off with a single and advanced to second on a wild pitch . Pinder followed with a drive into the left - field seats to tie the game at 1 . It was Pinder 's first home run since July 21 , a span of 51 at - bats . It was the first home run allowed by Miranda , who allowed one run and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked none . Steve Cishek ( 4 - 6 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Edwin Diaz gave up a run in the ninth but held on for his 18th save in 21 chances .
ATLANTA -- The Atlanta Braves are making a habit of taking the lead in the NL East . Dansby Swanson hit a tying homer in the sixth inning and the Atlanta Braves beat the Philadelphia Phillies 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Dansby Swanson hit a solo homer off Colton Murray in the sixth to tie the game at 1 . Atlanta 's Rio Ruiz had a two - run single off Jim Johnson in the eighth to make it 5 - 1 . Mauricio Cabrera ( 5 - 1 ) got one out in the eighth for the win . Jeanmar Gomez ( 3 - 5 ) took the loss . Jeanmar Gomez ( 3 - 5 ) took the loss , giving up four runs , three hits and two walks in one - third of an inning . Jeanmar Krol struck out pinch - hitter Jimmy Paredes with the bases loaded to end the eighth . David Hernandez got the final two outs in the eighth and Jim Johnson gave up a run - scoring single to Aaron Altherr in the ninth before finishing for his 18th save in 21 chances . Atlanta starter Josh Collmenter allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Odubel Herrera 's RBI single . Atlanta took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Swanson led off with a homer to left - center , his third of the season . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Freddy Galvis ' two - out single . Atlanta took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Odubel Herrera 's RBI single .
ATLANTA -- Mallex Smith had a chance to make the most of his opportunity . Smith had two hits , including a go - ahead single in the eighth inning , and the Atlanta Braves beat the Philadelphia Phillies 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Mallex Smith had two hits and drove in a run for the Braves , who have won five of six . Freddie Freeman and Tyler Flowers also homered for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Philadelphia 's Ryan Howard hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a three - run shot in the sixth off David Hernandez ( 3 - 4 ) . Freddie Freeman and Tyler Flowers also homered for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Mauricio Cabrera ( 4 - 1 ) got the final out in the eighth for the win . Jim Johnson pitched a perfect ninth for his 18th save . Howard hit a three - run homer in the first inning off Jerad Eickhoff , who allowed one run and one hit in four innings . The Phillies scored three runs in the second inning to take a 6 - 0 lead . Odubel Herrera led off with a single , stole second and scored on Cameron Rupp 's double to left - center . Teheran allowed a season - high 10 hits , six runs and two walks in four - plus innings . He struck out three . The Phillies scored three runs in the second inning to take a 6 - 0 lead . Nick Markakis ' RBI single made it 6 - 0 , and Flowers ' three - run homer cut the lead to 5 - 1 in the bottom half . Freeman 's homer in the fourth made it 5 - 1 .
PITTSBURGH -- Javier Baez and Kris Bryant each hit a grand slam . Baez hit a grand slam , Kyle Hendricks pitched six scoreless innings and the Chicago Cubs beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 12 - 2 on Tuesday night . Baez hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning and added a two - run single in the sixth . Baez hit a three - run homer in the fourth and added a two - run single in the sixth . Baez hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning and added a two - run single in the sixth . Baez hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning and added a two - run single in the sixth . Baez hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning and added a two - run single in the sixth . Baez hit a three - run homer in the fourth and added a two - run single in the sixth . Bryant hit a two - run homer in the sixth off Chad Kuhl ( 5 - 4 ) , who allowed five runs and eight hits in three - plus innings . Hendricks ( 16 - 8 ) allowed seven hits , struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.99 ERA in his past six starts . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game homestand .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres are on the verge of a playoff berth . Adam Rosales and Wil Myers hit RBI singles in the seventh inning , and the Padres beat the San Francisco Giants 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Brandon Morrow ( 1 - 0 ) got the last two outs of the seventh for the win . Brad Hand got the final five outs for his first save . Cory Gearrin ( 3 - 2 ) took the loss . Giants starter Clayton Richard gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out one . San Francisco took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Buster Posey 's two - run single . Buster Posey hit a two - run single in the third to give San Francisco a 3 - 1 lead . Margot had three hits , including an RBI single in the second . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Kelby Tomlinson 's RBI groundout . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Eduardo Nunez led off with a single and scored on Margot 's single . The Giants tied it in the bottom half on Yangervis Solarte 's RBI single . San Francisco tied it in the bottom half on Wil Myers ' two - out RBI single . The Giants tied the game at 3 in the bottom of the third on a two - run homer by Adam Rosales and a run - scoring single by Yangervis Solarte . San Francisco took a 3 - 1 lead in the third on Buster Posey 's two - run single and Kelby Tomlinson 's RBI groundout .
PITTSBURGH -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting for Reynaldo Lopez to get his first win in more than a month . Lopez pitched shutout ball into the sixth inning and the Nationals beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Lopez ( 4 - 3 ) allowed three hits in 5 1/3 innings , striking out six and walking two . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.91 ERA in his last five starts . Bryce Harper hit a sacrifice fly and Stephen Drew hit a two - run single in the first inning for the Nationals . Josh Bell homered for the Pirates , who have lost three of four . Ivan Nova ( 12 - 8 ) gave up six runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in four innings for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . The Pirates have lost three of four . Pittsburgh 's Joe Ross lasted just 2 2/3 innings , giving up five hits and one run . He struck out four and walked one . Pittsburgh 's Drew Hutchison struck out four in two scoreless innings , and Zach Locke pitched the eighth for the Nationals . Pittsburgh 's Drew Hutchison struck out four in two scoreless innings , and Zach Locke pitched the eighth for the Nationals . Pittsburgh 's Jeff Locke pitched the eighth and Sean Burnett got the final out in the eighth . Sean Burnett got the final out in the eighth , and Marc Rzepczynski got the final out of the eighth . Pittsburgh 's Trea Turner extended his hitting streak to 14 games with a leadoff triple in the first . He scored on Anthony Rendon 's sacrifice fly .
SAN DIEGO -- Wil Myers hit a three - run homer in the first inning , Edwin Jackson pitched six strong innings and the San Diego Padres beat the San Francisco Giants 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Buster Posey hit a two - run double and Alex Dickerson added a two - run single for the Padres . Jackson ( 5 - 6 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings , struck out five and walked five . Jackson ( 3 - 5 ) allowed three runs and five hits in four - plus innings , struck out one and walked one . He is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Giants have lost four of five . Myers hit a three - run homer off Albert Suarez ( 3 - 5 ) in the first inning and a three - run shot in the first . Myers hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the fifth . It was his third home run of the season . Myers , who had a career - high four RBIs , hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the fifth . The Padres scored three runs in the fifth to take a 6 - 2 lead . Buster Posey hit a two - run double and Ryan Schimpf drew a bases - loaded walk to make it 6 - 2 . Jackson ( 5 - 6 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings , struck out five and walked five . The Giants have won five of their last six games .
MILWAUKEE -- Chad Kuhl has been a big part of the Pittsburgh Pirates ' recent success . Sean Rodriguez hit a three - run homer , Chad Kuhl pitched six strong innings and the Pirates beat the Milwaukee Brewers 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Kuhl ( 5 - 3 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Tony Watson pitched the ninth for his 15th save . Andrew McCutchen homered for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Milwaukee starter Jimmy Nelson ( 8 - 15 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Brewers scored three runs in the first inning off Jimmy Nelson ( 8 - 15 ) . Rodriguez hit a two - out , two - run single and Rodriguez followed with a two - run single to make it 3 - 0 . Rodriguez hit a solo home run in the fourth , his first of the season , and Rodriguez 's two - out , two - run single later in the inning made it 4 - 0 . Jonathan Villar added a two - out RBI single in the fifth for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Milwaukee has lost four of five . The Brewers have lost four of five . Milwaukee has lost four of five . The Brewers have lost four of five . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost four of five . Milwaukee has lost four of five . The Brewers have lost four of five . Milwaukee has lost four of five . The Brewers have lost four of five .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The New York Yankees have been waiting for a long time in the Bronx . Gary Sanchez homered twice and drove in five runs , Brian McCann had a career - high four hits and the Yankees beat the Tampa Bay Rays 11 - 5 on Tuesday night . Sanchez had a career - high five RBI , and Evan Longoria and Bobby Wilson homered for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Tanaka ( 14 - 4 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . The right - hander struck out five , walked two and hit a batter . Brad Miller hit two solo home runs for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Cobb ( 1 - 1 ) allowed seven runs and nine hits in 1 1/3 innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his last five starts . The Yankees have lost four of five . Sanchez hit a three - run homer in the second inning and added a solo shot in the third . Sanchez hit a three - run homer in the second and a solo shot in the sixth . Sanchez hit a three - run homer in the second and a solo shot in the sixth . It was his second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 26 . Sanchez hit a solo homer in the third and a solo shot off Justin Warren in the sixth . It was his second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 26 . Sanchez hit a solo homer in the third and a solo shot in the sixth .
DENVER -- Nolan Arenado has been the Colorado Rockies ' hottest hitter since the All-Star break . Arenado hit a three - run homer , German Marquez pitched five solid innings and the Rockies beat the St. Louis Cardinals 11 - 1 on Tuesday night . Arenado 's three - run homer in the second inning gave the Rockies a 6 - 1 lead . Marquez ( 1 - 0 ) gave up one run and four hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Rockies have won five of their last six games . The Cardinals have won six of their last seven games . The Cardinals have lost five of six . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . Weaver allowed one hit in four innings , striking out five and walking one . Jaime Garcia pitched four innings of one - hit ball for St. Louis . He struck out five and walked none . Jaime Garcia pitched four innings of one - hit ball for St. Louis . He struck out five and walked none . Jaime Garcia allowed one hit in two - thirds of an inning for the Cardinals . He was recalled from Triple-A Memphis earlier in the day to make his first start of the season in place of Adam Wainwright , who was placed on the 15 - day disabled list with a right shoulder strain . LeMahieu had a sacrifice fly in the first and a sacrifice fly in the seventh .
NEW YORK -- Freddie Freeman and the Atlanta Braves finally found a way to beat the New York Mets . Freeman had four hits and drove in three runs , Dansby Swanson had three hits and three RBI and the Braves beat the New York Mets 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Blair ( 1 - 6 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . Freddie Freeman had four hits , including a two - run double , and T. J. Rivera homered for the Braves . Noah Syndergaard ( 13 - 9 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out five . T. J. Rivera hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Freeman had four hits , including a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth . He also had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run single in the seventh . Swanson had three hits , including a two - run single in the seventh that gave the Braves a 7 - 2 lead . Freeman , who had four hits , had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth . He also had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth . Freeman also had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth . He also had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth .
BOSTON -- Hanley Ramirez hit a pair of three - run homers and drove in four runs , and the Boston Red Sox beat the New York Yankees 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Gary Sanchez also homered and drove in a run for the Red Sox , who took two of three from the Yankees . Robby Scott ( 1 - 0 ) got two outs for his first major league win . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth for his seventh save . Tyler Clippard ( 3 - 4 ) took the loss . Yankees starter CC Sabathia gave up four runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked three . Boston 's Drew Pomeranz allowed four runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked two and struck out three . Ramirez hit a three - run homer in the fifth to make it 5 - 3 . Ramirez hit a three - run homer in the fifth to make it 5 - 3 . Ramirez hit a three - run homer in the fifth to make it 5 - 4 . Ramirez hit a three - run homer in the fifth to make it 5 - 4 . Ramirez hit a three - run homer in the fifth to make it 5 - 4 . Ramirez hit a three - run homer in the fifth to make it 5 - 4 . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Ramirez , who hit a three - run shot in Tuesday 's win over the New York Yankees . Ramirez hit a three - run homer in the fifth and a solo shot in the seventh .
ATLANTA -- Matt Wisler has been a big part of the Atlanta Braves ' rotation . Matt Grace pitched into the sixth inning , Adonis Garcia had three hits and three RBI and the Braves beat the Washington Nationals 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Wisler ( 7 - 12 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Braves have won five of their last six games . Atlanta 's Joe Ross ( 7 - 5 ) allowed one run and six hits in three innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Adonis Garcia had three hits , including a two - run single in the sixth , and Bryce Harper drove in a run with a single in the sixth . Freddie Freeman had two hits and drove in a run for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost four of five . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost four of five . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost four of five . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Miami Marlins have been waiting for the Philadelphia Phillies to get back to .500 . Christian Yelich hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning , Freddy Galvis also went deep and the Marlins beat the Philadelphia Phillies 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Marlins have won four of five . Miami has won four of five . The Marlins have won four of five . Miami has won four of five . The Marlins have won five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Phillies have lost five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Phillies have lost four of five . Miami has lost four of five . The Phillies have lost four of five . Miami 's Andrew Cashner gave up three runs and five hits in four innings . He walked three and struck out four . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Herrera 's two - out RBI single . Dee Gordon 's RBI single in the fifth cut the deficit to 2 - 1 . Herrera hit a two - run homer in the sixth to give the Phillies a 4 - 2 lead . Yelich hit a two - run shot in the bottom half to make it 4 - all . It was Yelich 's first home run since May 21 . Galvis had three hits , including a solo homer in the sixth that made it 4 - 2 . Herrera ( 4 - 4 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and two hits in 1 1/3 innings . Mike Dunn ( 4 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . A. J. Ramos worked around a leadoff walk in the ninth for his 37th save in 41 tries . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a run - scoring single by Herrera and a run - scoring single by Dee Gordon . Herrera led off the third with a homer to left - center to make it 2 - 0 . Herrera led off the third with a homer to left to make it 3 - 0 .
BALTIMORE -- The Tampa Bay Rays are on the verge of a playoff berth . Evan Longoria homered and drove in a run , Matt Andriese won for the first time in four starts and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Tampa Bay has won five of six and has won eight of 10 to move a season - high 15 games over .500 . Evan Longoria homered and drove in a run for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . Matt Andriese ( 8 - 7 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings for Tampa Bay . The right - hander struck out three and did not walk a batter . Alex Colome pitched the ninth for his major league - leading 34th save . Chris Tillman ( 16 - 6 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the first inning when Manny Machado hit a sacrifice fly and Brad Miller drove in a run with a fielder 's choice . Tampa Bay went up 1 - 0 in the third when Adam Jones doubled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Richie Shaffer . Tampa Bay went up 1 - 0 in the third when Longoria led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Hyun Soo Kim . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the third on a sacrifice fly by Miller .
NEW YORK -- Clayton Kershaw and the Los Angeles Dodgers are on their longest winning streak since a seven - game run in June . Justin Turner doubled in the go - ahead run in the ninth inning , and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the New York Yankees 2 - 0 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight win . Kershaw allowed one hit in five innings , striking out five and walking none . The right - hander was 0 - 3 in his previous four starts , including a no - hitter at Yankee Stadium on July 26 . The Yankees have lost five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Yankees have lost five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven .
CINCINNATI -- The Cincinnati Reds have been waiting for him to get back on track . Joey Votto and Keon Broxton hit back - to - back homers in the first inning , and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Milwaukee Brewers 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Straily ( 12 - 8 ) allowed two runs and three hits in eight innings , striking out eight and walking one . The right - hander has allowed two earned runs or less in each of his last five starts . Joey Votto had three hits , including a solo homer , and drove in two runs for the Reds , who have won four of five . Matt Garza ( 5 - 7 ) gave up five runs -- one earned -- and eight hits in five innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . Chris Carter hit a two - run homer off Blaine Boyer in the ninth . Jonathan Villar hit a solo homer in the second inning for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on Votto 's two - out , two - run double and Brandon Phillips ' sacrifice fly . The Reds took a 5 - 2 lead in the third on Adam Duvall 's two - run double and Scott Schebler 's run - scoring single . Cincinnati added a run in the eighth on Carter 's two - run homer off Tony Boyer . Milwaukee 's Dan Straily ( 12 - 8 ) allowed two runs and three hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked one .
WASHINGTON -- The New York Mets are on the verge of a playoff berth . T. J. Rivera hit a solo home run in the 10th inning , and the Mets beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 3 on Tuesday night to end a four - game losing streak . The Mets have won five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . New York has lost four of five . The Mets have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . Washington 's Noah Syndergaard allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out 10 , walked one and hit a batter . Noah Syndergaard struck out 10 in seven innings , allowing one run and four hits with a walk and a season - high 99 pitches . T. J. Salas ( 2 - 2 ) took the loss . Jeurys Familia ( 3 - 3 ) earned the win with a scoreless ninth . Jerry Blevins got the final out for his first save . Mets starter A. J. Cole gave up three runs and nine hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI triple by Curtis Granderson . Washington tied it in the third on Rivera 's sacrifice fly . Washington tied it in the bottom half on Rivera 's sacrifice fly . Washington tied it in the fifth when Asdrubal Cabrera singled , stole second , went to third on a wild pitch and scored on Rivera 's sacrifice fly . Rivera hit a sacrifice fly in the fifth to make it 3 - 1 .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting for a long time to find a way to win . Joe Mauer hit a game - ending single with two outs in the 12th inning to lift the Twins to a 2 - 1 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Joe Napoli singled in the winning run with two outs in the 12th inning to give the Twins a 2 - 1 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Brian Dozier led off the 12th with a single off Joe Colon ( 1 - 2 ) and advanced to second on a wild pitch . Joe Mauer then lined a 1 - 1 pitch to right - center for his first career game - ending hit . Chargois ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 12th for his first major league win , and the Twins won for the sixth time in seven games . Miguel Sano homered for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Cleveland starter Mike Clevinger gave up one run and two hits in four innings . He struck out five and walked two . Cleveland starter Hector Santiago gave up one run and five hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out two . The Twins have lost five of their last six games . The Indians have lost five of their last six games . Cleveland has lost four of five . The Indians have lost six of their last seven games . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of their last seven games . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of their last seven games . Cleveland has lost four of five .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Cleveland Indians have been waiting for Byron Buxton to come off the disabled list . Byron Buxton hit a two - run homer , Mike Napoli also went deep and the Cleveland Indians beat the Minnesota Twins 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Buxton hit a two - run homer off Tyler Duffey ( 8 - 11 ) in the fourth inning to give the Indians a 5 - 4 lead . It was the second time this season the Indians have hit back - to - back home runs . Buxton hit a two - run shot in the fourth to give the Indians a 5 - 4 lead . Cleveland starter Danny Salazar gave up four runs -- three earned -- and five hits in four innings . He struck out four and walked two . Joe Mauer homered for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Colon ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Cody Allen pitched a perfect ninth for his 27th save in 31 chances . The Twins have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind first - place Detroit in the AL Central . Lonnie Chisenhall had a two - run double for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Twins have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Twins have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place Chicago White Sox in the AL Central . Tyler Naquin 's RBI single in the third gave the Twins a 4 - 2 lead , and Buxton 's two - run homer in the fourth made it 4 - 2 .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres ' 14 - 1 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Friday night was their biggest inning of the season . Ryan Schimpf hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs , Clayton Richard pitched seven sharp innings and the Padres beat the Colorado Rockies 14 - 1 on Tuesday night . Richard ( 2 - 3 ) allowed six hits , walked two and struck out a season - high eight . The right - hander struck out a season - high eight and walked two in his first win since July 26 . The Padres have won five of their last six games . San Diego , which began the day with the second - worst record in the majors , has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado has lost six of seven . The Rockies have lost seven of their last 10 games . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado 's Jeff Hoffman ( 0 - 3 ) allowed seven runs -- all unearned -- and six hits in 2 2 - 3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . Adames hit a two - run single in the fifth to give the Padres a 10 - 0 lead . It was the fourth time this season the Padres have hit back - to - back home runs . Schimpf hit a three - run homer in the third , his third of the season . The Padres added three more runs in the sixth , including a two - run homer by Cristhian Adames , and a two - run single by Travis Jankowski . Norris hit a two - run homer in the eighth .
CLEVELAND -- Indians manager Terry Francona was n't happy with his team 's 10 - 7 win over the Houston Astros on Friday night . The Indians have won five of their last six games , and the Indians have won six of their last seven games . Cleveland has won six of seven . The Indians have won six of seven and have won six of their last seven games . The Indians have won seven of their last 10 games . Houston 's Trevor Bauer ( 11 - 6 ) allowed five runs and seven hits in five innings . The right - hander struck out two and walked two . Carlos Santana hit a two - run homer , and Yuli Gurriel and Colby Rasmus also went deep for the Indians , who have won six of seven . David Paulino ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and four hits in three - plus innings for the Astros , who have lost four of five . The Indians have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the AL West-leading Los Angeles Angels . Cody Allen struck out two in a perfect ninth for his 26th save in 30 chances . The Indians , who have lost three of four , took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Alex Bregman 's RBI double . The Indians tied it in the third on Jason Kipnis ' RBI double and Lonnie Chisenhall 's two - run double . Lindor 's two - run single in the fourth gave Cleveland a 6 - 2 lead . Rasmus ' two - run homer in the sixth made it 10 - 5 , and Gurriel 's run - scoring groundout made it 10 - 7 .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox needed a strong outing from Jose Quintana to beat the Detroit Tigers . Justin Upton hit a three - run homer , Jose Abreu had three hits and drove in a run and the White Sox beat the Detroit Tigers 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Jose Quintana allowed four runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings for Chicago , which has won four of five . Justin Upton hit a three - run homer in the second inning and Melky Cabrera had an RBI double in the third to give the Tigers a 3 - 1 lead . Jose Abreu had three hits and scored a run for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Chris Beck ( 2 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . David Robertson pitched the ninth for his 35th save in 38 chances . Shane Greene ( 3 - 4 ) took the loss , allowing three runs and three hits in one - third of an inning . Detroit starter Anibal Sanchez gave up three runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Tigers took a 3 - 1 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Justin Upton and a run - scoring double by Melky Cabrera . The White Sox tied it in the third on a two - run homer by Upton , and a run - scoring double by Jose Iglesias in the seventh . Quintana allowed four runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Detroit 's Jose Quintana allowed four runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings .
CINCINNATI -- The New York Mets are on the verge of a playoff spot . Matt Reynolds homered and drove in two runs , Bartolo Colon pitched six innings of five - hit ball and the Mets beat the Cincinnati Reds 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Matt Reynolds had three hits , including a solo homer , and drove in two runs for the Mets , who have won five of six . The Mets have won six of their last seven games . The Mets have lost seven of their last nine games . The Mets have lost six of seven . Colon ( 13 - 7 ) allowed five hits , walked one and struck out two . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 3.22 ERA in his last six starts . The Mets have won four of their last five games . The Mets have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven . The Mets have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . They 've lost six of their last seven . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . They 've lost six of their last seven . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . They 've lost six of their last seven . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . They 've lost six of their last seven . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . They 've lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . They 've lost five of their last six games . The Reds have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven .
WASHINGTON -- Max Scherzer has been a big part of the Washington Nationals ' 6 - 4 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Friday night . Trea Turner had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Chris Heisey added a three - run shot for the Nationals . Scherzer ( 16 - 7 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . Washington 's Ryan Weber ( 1 - 1 ) gave up five runs and six hits in three innings . He struck out two and walked one . Chris Heisey hit a three - run homer and Nick Markakis had three hits for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Atlanta 's Jace Peterson drove in two runs with an RBI double in the second inning and a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the sixth . Jace Peterson drove in a pair of runs for the Braves , who have lost three of four . Atlanta 's Freddie Freeman had two hits , including a run - scoring single off Mark Melancon in the ninth . Freddie Freeman had two hits and an RBI for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Atlanta 's Jed Pierzynski singled in the first inning and scored on a single by Turner , who had three hits . Scherzer ( 16 - 7 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Braves scored two runs in the ninth off Mark Melancon , who gave up a run - scoring single to Freddie Freeman and a run - scoring single to Ender Inciarte . Adonis Garcia scored on a wild pitch .
CINCINNATI -- Jedd Gyorko and the Cincinnati Reds are on a roll . Gyorko homered on the first pitch of the game , Dan Straily pitched effectively into the sixth inning and the Reds beat the St. Louis Cardinals 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Jedd Gyorko and Joey Votto also drove in runs for the Reds , who have won four of five . The Cardinals have won four of five . Straily ( 11 - 7 ) allowed one run and three hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked a career - high seven and struck out five . Jaime Garcia ( 10 - 11 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings for St. Louis . He struck out eight and walked four . The Cardinals took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on a two - run single by Zack Cozart and a two - run single by Ramon Cabrera . The Cardinals added three runs in the eighth off Jerome Williams . Joey Votto drew a bases - loaded walk from Dean Kiekhefer , and Adam Duvall 's sacrifice fly made it 6 - 1 . Barnhart added a two - run double off Dean Kiekhefer in the eighth . Peraza added a two - run single in the eighth . Peraza added a two - run single in the eighth . Gyorko homered in the first inning off Straily , who was making his first start of the season after being recalled from Triple-A Memphis earlier in the day . The right - hander allowed one run and three hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked a season - high seven . Michael Lorenzen pitched the eighth and Jonathan Broxton got two outs in the eighth .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- The Boston Red Sox had a big day at the plate . David Ortiz had three hits and drove in two runs , Rick Porcello pitched seven strong innings and the Red Sox beat the Oakland Athletics 11 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hanley Ramirez hit a solo homer for the Red Sox , who have won four of five . Porcello ( 19 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The A 's have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game road trip . Mookie Betts hit a two - run double in the first inning for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Oakland has lost six of seven . The A 's have lost six of seven . Mengden allowed seven runs and eight hits in 2 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked two and struck out two . The A 's scored seven runs in the first two innings against Daniel Mengden ( 1 - 6 ) , who allowed seven runs and eight hits in 2 2 - 3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Yoan Moncada had two hits , scored twice and drove in a run for the Red Sox , who have won four of five . Jackie Bradley Jr. had two hits and drove in a run for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Xander Bogaerts had two hits and drove in a run for the A 's , who have lost four of five .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Josh Tomlin has been one of the few bright spots for the Cleveland Indians . Tomlin pitched into the eighth inning , Yan Gomes hit a two - run homer and the Indians beat the Kansas City Royals 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Tomlin ( 13 - 9 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter . Cody Allen pitched the ninth for his 32nd save . Ian Kennedy ( 11 - 11 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 7 2/3 innings for Kansas City . He struck out three and walked two . Cheslor Cuthbert hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Royals , who have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six and are 2 1/2 games behind the first - place Chicago White Sox in the AL Central . Gomes hit a two - run homer in the third for the Royals , who have lost five of six . Whit Merrifield had two hits and drove in a run for the Royals , who have lost five of six . The Royals have lost five of six and are 2 1/2 games behind the first - place Chicago White Sox in the AL Central . Tomlin ( 13 - 9 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter for the second time in his last four starts . The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 4.40 ERA in his past four starts . The Royals have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost six of seven .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Miguel Sano and the Minnesota Twins have been waiting for a long time in Kansas City . Sano hit a grand slam and drove in five runs , Phil Hughes pitched effectively into the sixth inning and the Twins beat the Kansas City Royals 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Salvador Perez had three hits , including an RBI double , and Brandon Moss had two hits and an RBI for the Twins . Phil Hughes ( 4 - 1 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Twins , who have won four of five . Brandon Kintzler gave up Whit Merrifield 's solo homer in the ninth but held on for his seventh save in eight chances . The Royals have lost four of five . Hammel ( 0 - 3 ) was charged with five runs and six hits in three innings , his shortest outing of the season . He struck out five and walked three . Lorenzo Cain hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Sano hit a three - run homer in the third inning and added a run - scoring single in the fourth . Sano hit a three - run homer in the third and added a run - scoring single in the fourth . The Twins scored three runs in the second inning to take a 5 - 2 lead . Max Kepler 's RBI grounder and Brandon Moss ' run - scoring single made it 5 - 2 . Sano added a run - scoring single in the sixth to make it 6 - 3 . Alcides Escobar had an RBI single in the sixth .
CLEVELAND -- Nelson Cruz and the Cleveland Indians finally got a win . Cruz hit a two - run homer in the first inning , and the Indians beat the Seattle Mariners 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cruz hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the first . Cruz hit a two - run shot in the first inning , and Kyle Seager added a solo shot in the first . The Indians , who have the AL 's second - best record , have lost five of six . Salazar ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . The right - hander struck out six and walked three . Cleveland 's Yovani Gallardo ( 1 - 3 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Andrew Miller struck out four in 1 2/3 hitless innings , and Cody Allen pitched the ninth for his sixth save in six chances . The Indians took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Jose Ramirez 's two - run double and Lonnie Chisenhall 's two - run single . Jose Ramirez 's two - run double in the bottom half made it 3 - 0 . Jose Ramirez hit a two - run double in the first , and Kyle Seager added a solo homer in the first . The Mariners took a 3 - 0 lead in the first . Robinson Cano led off with a single and Cruz followed with his 24th homer , a two - run shot that made it 2 - 0 .
MIAMI -- Ivan Nova 's first complete game of the season was a good one . Nova threw a three - hitter for his first career shutout , and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Miami Marlins 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Nova ( 3 - 2 ) struck out seven and walked none in his second career shutout and second complete game of the season . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his career . The Marlins have won five of their past six games . The Marlins have lost four of five . Dan Straily ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five , walked three and hit a batter . John Jaso hit a solo home run in the ninth for the Marlins , who have lost three of four . Miami has lost four of five . The Marlins have lost four of five . Miami has lost four of five . The Marlins have lost four of five . Miami has lost four of five . The Marlins have lost six of seven . They have lost four of five . Miami 's Gregory Polanco led off the second inning with a double and scored on a single by Jordy Mercer . Francisco Cervelli drew a bases - loaded walk in the sixth to make it 3 - 0 . Jordy Prado doubled with one out in the seventh , but Nova retired the next three batters to end the threat . The Marlins went 0 - for - 7 with runners in scoring position and stranded 11 . They went 0 for 7 with runners in scoring position . They were 0 for 8 with runners in scoring position .
CLEVELAND -- Robinson Cano and Jose Ramirez hit two - run homers off Carlos Carrasco , and the Seattle Mariners beat the Cleveland Indians 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Carrasco ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter . Robinson Cano hit a two - run homer in the fourth , and Jose Ramirez and Ben Gamel also connected for the Mariners , who have won four of five . Ariel Miranda ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one run and two hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Mariners . Edwin Diaz got four outs for his fourth save , striking out the side in the ninth for his fourth save . Carlos Santana went 0 - for - 4 , ending his career - best hitting streak at 20 games -- longest in the majors this season . Carlos Ruiz had a two - run homer in the ninth for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Carrasco struck out seven and did n't walk a batter . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Indians , who have lost four of five , fell to 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Indians have lost six of seven and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Indians have lost five of six and are 2 - 7 since the All-Star break . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at home since June 26 - 29 . They have n't won a series since dropping the first two games of the series .
BOSTON -- The New York Yankees are on their longest winning streak of the season . Masahiro Tanaka pitched a three - hitter , Matt Holliday drove in two runs and the Yankees beat Chris Sale and the Boston Red Sox 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Tanaka ( 3 - 1 ) struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous five starts . Tanaka allowed three hits , struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous five starts . The Yankees have lost three of four . Sale ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in eight innings . He struck out 10 and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Starlin Castro added an RBI single in the ninth . The Red Sox have lost three of their last four games and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . New York has lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Boston has lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Boston has lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Boston has lost six of seven . The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Boston has lost six of seven .
CLEVELAND -- Dallas Keuchel has been the Houston Astros ' ace . Keuchel pitched a six - hitter for his first career complete game , and the Astros beat the Cleveland Indians 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Keuchel ( 4 - 0 ) allowed two runs and six hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out five and walked three . Andrew Miller got two outs in the eighth and Boone Logan pitched a perfect eighth before Andrew Miller got the final two outs in the ninth . Michael Tomlin ( 1 - 3 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in six innings for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Josh Reddick had a two - run single and Norichika Aoki had three hits and drove in a run for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Cleveland 's Austin Jackson hit a solo homer in the third for the Indians , who have lost four of five . The Indians have lost six of seven and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Indians have lost four of five and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Indians have lost four of five . The Indians , who have the worst record in the majors , have lost six of seven . Cleveland 's Carlos Beltran went 0 - for - 4 and is hitless in his last 21 at - bats . He is hitting just .215 . Cleveland 's Jose Altuve went 0 - for - 3 with a walk , dropping his average to .312 . He was 0 - for - 3 with two strikeouts .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The Los Angeles Dodgers had a chance to take the lead in the eighth inning , but they did n't get a hit . Clayton Kershaw pitched seven strong innings , Buster Posey had two hits and drove in a run and the Dodgers beat the San Francisco Giants 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Kershaw ( 4 - 1 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings , struck out seven and walked one . He has won his last three starts and has a 2.29 ERA over that span . Kenley Jansen got the final four outs for his fifth save in five chances . Ty Blach ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and four hits in five innings for the Giants , who have lost four of five . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Yasiel Puig 's RBI single and Adrian Gonzalez 's run - scoring fielder 's choice . Buster Posey 's RBI single in the third gave the Dodgers a 1 - 0 lead . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Justin Turner doubled , took third on a wild pitch and scored on Yasiel Puig 's single . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Corey Seager walked , stole second and scored on Adrian Gonzalez 's fielder 's choice . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Hunter Pence singled , stole second and scored on Posey 's single . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Justin Turner led off with a single , stole second and scored on Puig 's single .
PITTSBURGH -- The New York Yankees are on the verge of being in the thick of the NL wild - card race . Ivan Nova allowed one run in seven innings , Jacoby Ellsbury homered and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the New York Yankees 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Nova ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking one . The right - hander was coming off a 2 - 1 loss to the New York Mets on Tuesday , but he was n't sharp . The right - hander gave up a run in the first inning on a double by Josh Harrison and a sacrifice fly by David Freese . The Yankees had runners on first and second with one out in the first , but Nova got Jose Osuna to ground into an inning - ending double play . Ellsbury homered leading off the seventh against Jordan Montgomery ( 1 - 1 ) , who gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Pirates have lost five of six and are 1 - 4 on their nine - game homestand . The Yankees have lost six of their past seven games and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . Tony Watson pitched the ninth for his sixth save in six chances . The Yankees have lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of their past seven games and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Yankees have lost six of their past seven games . They have lost six of their past seven games and are 2 - 7 against the Pirates this season .
PITTSBURGH -- Dellin Betances ( 2 - 1 ) got the last two outs of the eighth inning for the win , and the New York Yankees beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 11 - 5 on Tuesday night . Starlin Castro hit a three - run homer and Aaron Judge added a solo shot for the Yankees , who have won five of six . Andrew McCutchen homered and Ronald Torreyes had four hits and two RBI for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Pittsburgh starter Michael Pineda gave up three runs and five hits in five - plus innings . He struck out six and walked two . Pittsburgh starter Jameson Taillon gave up four runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Pittsburgh 's Chris Carter hit a three - run homer off Antonio Bastardo in the eighth , and Aaron Hicks added a solo shot in the ninth for the Yankees , who have won seven of their last 10 games . The Yankees have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their current 10 - game road trip . The Pirates have lost seven of their past nine games . Pittsburgh 's David Freese hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot in the fourth . The Pirates scored three times in the sixth to take a 5 - 3 lead . Jordy Mercer hit a two - out RBI single and Torreyes followed with a two - run double to make it 5 - 3 . Jordy Mercer followed with an RBI single , and McCutchen hit a sacrifice fly to make it 5 - 5 . Adam Frazier 's RBI single in the sixth cut the Pirates ' lead to 5 - 4 .
PHOENIX -- The Arizona Diamondbacks have been waiting for a long time to get back into the postseason . Corey Seager hit a two - run homer , Archie Bradley pitched two innings and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 13 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Dodgers took a 4 - 2 lead in the fifth inning on Corey Lamb 's two - run single and Andrew Toles ' two - out RBI single in the sixth . Chris Taylor 's pinch - hit homer in the seventh gave the Dodgers a 5 - 4 lead , and Paul Goldschmidt added a two - run single in the eighth to give the Diamondbacks a 12 - 5 lead . Yasmany Tomas had a two - run double and Daniel Descalso had a pinch - hit RBI double in the eighth for the Dodgers , who have won five of six . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run homer by Corey Seager , who had three hits and drove in three runs . Pollock led off the game with a home run , his third of the season , and Seager followed with a two - out single to give the Diamondbacks a 2 - 2 lead . Bradley ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and two hits in two - plus innings , striking out one and walking none . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on Joc Pederson 's double and Seager 's two - run homer . Pollock led off the bottom half with his third home run of the season . The Diamondbacks tied it at 2 in the fifth on Seager 's two - out RBI single .
CHICAGO -- Corey Kluber has n't had much success against the Chicago White Sox this season . Kluber pitched a three - hitter for his first career shutout , and the Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Kluber ( 2 - 1 ) struck out nine and walked two in his second career shutout and second complete game of the season . Brandon Guyer hit a two - run homer off Jose Quintana ( 0 - 4 ) in the fourth inning to give the Indians a 3 - 0 lead . It was Guyer 's third home run of the season . The White Sox have won five of six and are 1 1/2 games ahead of Minnesota for the second AL wild - card spot . Kluber ( 2 - 1 ) struck out nine , walked two and threw 73 of his 110 pitches for strikes . He threw 73 of his 110 pitches for strikes . He struck out nine and walked two . Anthony Swarzak , Dan Jennings and Nate Jones combined for four scoreless innings , and Anthony Swarzak struck out two in a perfect eighth . Nate Jones struck out the side in the eighth , and Dan Jennings got the final out in the eighth . Nate Jones struck out the side in the eighth , and Dan Jennings got the final out in the eighth . Chicago 's Jose Quintana ( 0 - 4 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six , walked three and hit a batter . The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . They were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres have been waiting for Jhoulys Chacin and Zack Greinke . Chacin pitched eight innings of three - hit ball and Erick Aybar homered to lead the San Diego Padres to a 1 - 0 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night . Greinke ( 1 - 2 ) allowed one run and five hits in eight innings . He struck out six and walked one . Chacin ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three hits , struck out five and walked one . Brandon Maurer pitched the ninth for his second save . Erick Aybar hit a solo homer in the eighth off Zack Greinke ( 1 - 2 ) , who allowed one run and five hits in eight innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Diamondbacks have lost three of their last four games . Arizona has lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . Arizona has lost six of seven . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . Arizona has lost six of seven . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . Arizona has lost six of seven . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . Arizona has lost six of seven . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . Arizona has lost six of seven . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . Arizona has lost six of seven . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . Arizona has lost six of seven . The Diamondbacks have lost six of their last seven games . Arizona 's Travis Jankowski extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first . He was replaced by pinch - runner Manuel Margot .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Tampa Bay Rays are on the verge of being the AL 's second wild - card spot . Evan Longoria had three hits and drove in three runs , Kevin Kiermaier had three hits and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Detroit Tigers 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Miguel Cabrera had three hits and drove in two runs , and Ian Kinsler scored three times for the Rays , who have won five of six . Austin Pruitt ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 3 1/3 innings of one - hit relief to earn his first major league win . Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and one hit in two - thirds of an inning . The Tigers took a 7 - 7 lead in the sixth on a two - run triple by Nicholas Castellanos and a two - run single by Victor Martinez . Longoria had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth that put the Rays ahead 5 - 1 . Longoria had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth that put the Rays ahead 5 - 1 . The Rays took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Victor Martinez and a run - scoring single by Miguel Cabrera . Zimmermann allowed five runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . Zimmermann allowed five runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . Zimmermann allowed five runs and 10 hits in six innings .
HOUSTON -- Charlie Morton did n't allow a hit until the sixth inning , and the Houston Astros were able to get the win . Morton pitched five scoreless innings , and Jose Altuve drove in two runs to lead the Astros to a 3 - 0 win over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Morton ( 1 - 1 ) allowed five hits and struck out three in five innings to win for the first time in four starts . He allowed five hits and two walks while striking out three . Ken Giles struck out two in a perfect ninth for his third save . Jesse Chavez ( 1 - 2 ) allowed seven hits and two runs in seven innings for Los Angeles . He struck out five and walked two . Josh Reddick had three hits for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Angels starter Albert Pujols ( 0 - 2 ) allowed a season - high eight runs in his first start of the season . The right - hander was recalled from Triple-A Salt Lake before the game to make room on the roster for the first time this season . Alex Bregman had an RBI single in the second inning for the Angels , who have lost five of six . The Angels have lost six of their last seven games and are 0 - 6 on their road trip . The Astros have lost seven of their last 10 games . The Angels have lost six of their last seven games . The Astros have lost six of their last seven games and are 0 - 6 on their road trip . The Astros have lost six of their last seven games and are 0 - 6 on their road trip .
LOS ANGELES -- Taijuan Walker has been a big part of the Arizona Diamondbacks ' three - game winning streak . Walker allowed one run and four hits over five innings , Chris Iannetta homered and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Walker ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and four hits in five innings , struck out seven and walked one . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his fourth save . Rich Hill ( 1 - 1 ) gave up two runs and five hits in three innings . He walked two and struck out two . Chris Iannetta led off the third inning with his first home run of the season , and Yasiel Puig drove in the Diamondbacks ' first run with a double in the fourth . Walker ( 2 - 1 ) gave up one run and four hits in five innings , struck out seven and walked one . The right - hander , who signed a one - year , $ 1 million contract with the Dodgers in December , struck out seven and walked one . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a bases - loaded walk to Paul Goldschmidt and a bases - loaded walk to Yasiel Puig . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a bases - loaded walk to Jake Lamb and a run - scoring double by Paul Goldschmidt . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third . Yasmani Grandal led off with a single , stole second and scored on Jake Lamb 's bases - loaded walk . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on RBI doubles by Yasiel Puig and Paul Goldschmidt .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Chicago White Sox needed a strong outing from Hector Santiago to win a game for the first time this season . Avisail Garcia hit a two - run homer in the 10th inning and the White Sox beat the Minnesota Twins 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Leury Garcia singled with one out in the 10th off Ryan Pressly ( 0 - 2 ) , and Garcia followed with a two - run homer to left - center to give the White Sox a 3 - 1 lead . Nate Jones ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . David Robertson pitched the 10th for his third save in three chances . The White Sox have lost four of five . Brian Dozier homered for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Minnesota starter James Shields gave up one run and five hits in six innings , striking out five and walking three . The Twins have lost five of six . Minnesota starter Hector Santiago gave up six hits and struck out six in seven innings . The Twins have lost five of their last six games . Minnesota 's Jose Abreu was hit by a pitch leading off the fifth , stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch . He scored on a sacrifice fly by Matt Davidson to tie the game at 1 . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Tommy Kahnle struck out Kevan Smith to end the threat . Minnesota tied it in the eighth on a sacrifice fly by Eddie Rosario , who was 0 - for - 3 with a walk and a strikeout .
TORONTO -- Trey Mancini hit a pair of three - run homers , Dylan Bundy pitched six shutout innings and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Toronto Blue Jays 11 - 4 on Tuesday night . Mancini hit a three - run shot off J. A. Happ in the sixth inning and added a solo shot in the eighth as the Orioles won for the sixth time in seven games . Bundy ( 2 - 1 ) allowed five hits , walked one and struck out six . He was replaced by Matt Dermody , who gave up a two - run homer to Kevin Pillar in the eighth . The Blue Jays have won five of six . Happ ( 0 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked none and struck out three . Manny Machado hit a two - run homer and Craig Gentry added a two - run shot for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are starting to look like themselves . Clayton Kershaw allowed one run in 8 1/3 innings , and the Dodgers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Kershaw ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and four hits in 8 1/3 innings , struck out eight and walked one . The right - hander struck out eight and walked one in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained muscle in his left side . The right - hander has a 2.53 ERA over his past five starts . Kershaw ( 1 - 1 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in five innings , struck out four and walked three . The right - hander is winless in his last five starts . The Dodgers have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their 10 - game homestand . Justin Turner had a two - run double in the fourth , and Yasiel Puig drove in a run with a sacrifice fly in the fifth . Andrew Toles hit a two - run homer in the eighth , and Chris Owings had an RBI double in the ninth for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Arizona 's Adrian Gonzalez hit an RBI single in the third , and Logan Forsythe had an RBI single in the third . The Diamondbacks added a run in the fifth on a sacrifice fly by Yasiel Puig and a sacrifice fly by Corey Seager . The Diamondbacks added a run in the eighth on an RBI double by Chris Owings and a run - scoring single by Yasiel Puig . Pedro Baez got the final two outs of the eighth and Tom Wilhelmsen worked a perfect eighth .
PITTSBURGH -- The Pittsburgh Pirates have been waiting for the Pittsburgh Pirates to find a way to beat the Atlanta Braves . Starling Marte hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the 10th inning , and the Pirates beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 5 on Tuesday night for their first win of the season . The Pirates won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 8 - 1 in extra - inning games this season . Freeman homered twice , including a solo shot in the seventh that gave the Pirates a 4 - 2 lead . Marte had four hits , including a two - run homer in the 10th inning off Jose Ramirez ( 0 - 1 ) . Tyler Flowers had two hits and drove in a run for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Atlanta starter Gerrit Cole gave up three runs and eight hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out four . Cole allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Braves scored two runs in the first inning off Gerrit Cole , who gave up three runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . Nick Markakis had two hits and an RBI for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Atlanta starter Julio Teheran allowed two unearned runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Braves tied it at 2 in the fourth on Jordy Mercer 's RBI single and Freeman 's two - out solo homer . The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the inning when Josh Harrison was hit by a pitch and scored on a single by Tyler Flowers .
MILWAUKEE -- Kyle Hendricks did n't have his best stuff . The Chicago Cubs right - hander allowed four runs and five hits in six innings to lead the Chicago Cubs to an 11 - 6 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Hendricks ( 1 - 0 ) allowed four runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Hendricks is the first Cubs pitcher to go at least six innings in each of his first seven starts . Kris Bryant and Albert Almora Jr. each had three hits and drove in three runs . Nick Franklin hit a two - run homer , and Jonathan Villar also went deep for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Milwaukee starter Tommy Milone lasted just four innings , giving up four runs and nine hits . He struck out two and walked one . The Cubs scored two runs in the third to take a 4 - 2 lead . Bryant hit a two - run double and Albert Almora Jr. added a run - scoring single to make it 4 - 2 . Bryant 's two - run double off Jhan Marinez ( 0 - 2 ) made it 4 - 2 in the third . The Cubs tied it in the fourth on a two - run double by Javier Baez and a two - run double by Willson Contreras . Bryant 's two - run double in the third put Chicago ahead 4 - 2 , but the Cubs answered with three runs in the bottom half to take a 4 - 2 lead . Bryant hit a two - run double and Almora followed with an RBI single to make it 4 - 2 .
DETROIT -- Jordan Zimmermann 's first win of the season was n't a problem for the Boston Red Sox . Zimmermann pitched six solid innings , Jose Iglesias homered and the Detroit Tigers beat the Boston Red Sox 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Zimmermann ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings , walking one and striking out three . The right - hander struck out three and walked one . Justin Wilson pitched a perfect ninth for his first save . Eduardo Rodriguez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed four runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked three . James McCann hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Red Sox , who have lost three of four . Jose Taylor hit a solo homer in the third , and Ian Kinsler added an RBI single in the fifth . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Jackie Bradley Jr. 's sacrifice fly . Mitch Moreland led off the inning with a double and scored on Iglesias ' double . Iglesias hit a solo homer in the bottom of the inning to give the Red Sox a 2 - 1 lead . Iglesias hit his first homer of the year in the bottom of the inning to give the Red Sox a 2 - 1 lead . Iglesias hit his first homer of the year in the bottom of the inning to give the Red Sox a 2 - 1 lead . McCann 's two - out RBI single in the fifth made it 4 - 1 . Zimmermann allowed four hits , struck out three and walked one in six - plus innings .
PITTSBURGH -- Ivan Nova 's first start of the season was n't a problem for the Pittsburgh Pirates . Nova pitched six strong innings , Francisco Cervelli homered and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Atlanta Braves 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Nova ( 1 - 0 ) allowed an unearned run and six hits in six innings , striking out four and walking none . The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 1.16 ERA in five starts against the Braves this season . The Pirates have won six of their past seven games , and the Pirates have lost six of seven . Mike Foltynewicz ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out one . David Freese hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot in the fifth that made it 4 - 1 . Starling Marte had two hits and two RBIs for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Ender Inciarte had two hits and drove in a run for the Braves , who have lost three of four . Atlanta 's Andrew McCutchen had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the third . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Josh Harrison led off with a double and scored on Ender Inciarte 's double to the gap in right - center . Ender Inciarte followed with an RBI double to give the Braves a 2 - 0 lead . The Braves added two runs in the fifth on an RBI single by McCutchen and a run - scoring single by Jordy Mercer . The Braves added a run in the seventh on a two - run single by Phillips .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Eduardo Escobar and Miguel Sano each homered and drove in four runs to lead the Minnesota Twins to a 9 - 1 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . Eduardo Escobar hit a three - run homer in the seventh inning , and Miguel Sano added a three - run triple in the seventh for the Twins , who have won four of five . Hector Santiago ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits in five innings for his first major league win . He struck out four and walked two . Ian Kennedy ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and three hits in five innings for Kansas City . He walked five and struck out five . The Twins scored three times in the second inning to take a 3 - 0 lead . Escobar walked , stole second and scored on Paulo Orlando 's single . The Twins scored three times in the second inning to take a 3 - 0 lead . Jason Castro walked with one out and scored on a single by Eddie Rosario , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a triple . Sano followed with a triple into the right - field corner to make it 3 - 1 . The Twins scored three times in the fourth to take a 3 - 0 lead . Escobar drew a one - out walk and scored on a single by Escobar to make it 3 - 0 . Escobar 's RBI single in the fourth gave the Twins a 3 - 0 lead . Escobar 's RBI single in the fourth made it 3 - 1 , and Escobar 's RBI single in the fourth made it 3 - 1 .
MIAMI -- Marcell Ozuna hit a two - run homer in the first inning , and the Miami Marlins beat the Philadelphia Phillies 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Marcell Ozuna and Justin Bour each hit two - run homers , and Dan Straily ( 4 - 3 ) struck out a season - high 10 in 6 2/3 innings to help the Marlins win for the sixth time in seven games . The Marlins have won four of five . Philadelphia 's Aaron Nola ( 2 - 3 ) gave up four runs and five hits in three - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . Ozuna hit a two - run homer off Aaron Nola ( 2 - 3 ) in the first inning and added an RBI single in the third . Bour hit a two - run homer in the sixth and a two - run shot in the sixth . Ozuna also had a run - scoring single in the first inning . The Marlins scored three runs in the first , including a run - scoring single by Dee Gordon and a run - scoring single by Maikel Franco . Ozuna hit a two - run homer in the first and Ozuna added a run - scoring single in the fourth to give the Marlins a 4 - 0 lead . Bour hit a two - run homer off Ricardo Pinto in the sixth to make it 10 - 1 . It was the first multihomer game of his career and the first time he has hit back - to - back home runs this season . Bour hit a two - run shot off Ricardo Pinto in the sixth to make it 10 - 1 .
ST. LOUIS -- Rich Hill and the Los Angeles Dodgers are on a roll . Hill pitched five effective innings and Chase Utley homered for the second straight game , leading the Dodgers to a 5 - 1 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Hill ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one run and two hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Dodgers have won four of five and have won six of their last seven . Mike Leake ( 5 - 3 ) allowed four runs and six hits in seven innings for St. Louis . He struck out six and walked one . Cody Bellinger hit a solo homer for the Cardinals , who have lost three of four . Logan Forsythe hit a solo homer in the eighth for the Cardinals , who have lost five of six . The Cardinals have lost three straight and six of seven . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . The Cardinals have lost five of six . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . The Cardinals have lost five of six . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . The Cardinals have lost five of six . The Cardinals have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Cardinals have lost six of their last seven games . The Cardinals have lost six of their last seven games . The Cardinals have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Cardinals have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games .
WASHINGTON -- Stephen Strasburg had his best outing of the season , and the San Diego Padres ' right - hander struck out 15 in seven shutout innings to lead the Nationals to a 3 - 0 victory over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night . Strasburg ( 6 - 1 ) allowed three hits , struck out a season - high 15 and walked one in seven innings . He struck out 15 , walked one and hit a batter with a pitch . Strasburg is the first Nationals pitcher to strike out at least 15 in a game this season , and the first time in his career he 's reached double digits in strikeouts in a game . In his previous start , he struck out seven , walked one and allowed only one runner past first base . He struck out the side in the eighth , and Koda Glover worked a perfect ninth for his fifth save in five chances . Strasburg allowed three hits , struck out a season - high 15 and walked one in seven innings . He struck out a season - high 15 and walked one . In his last three starts , Strasburg has a 2.94 ERA . He has allowed three runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . The Nationals have lost five of six and have been shut out for the first time this season . Clayton Richard ( 3 - 6 ) allowed three runs , three earned , and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . In his last three starts , Richard has allowed three runs or fewer . He has allowed three runs or fewer in five of his last six starts .
PITTSBURGH -- John Jaso 's bases - loaded single with two outs in the 10th inning lifted the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 5 - 4 victory over the New York Mets on Friday night . The Pirates ' Andrew McCutchen hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the second inning to give the Mets a 2 - 0 lead . It was the first home run of the season for McCutchen , who hit a two - run shot in the second inning to give the Mets a 2 - 0 lead . McCutchen hit a two - run homer in the second inning to give the Mets a 2 - 0 lead . McCutchen hit a two - run homer in the second inning and d'Arnaud added a run - scoring single in the second . McCutchen hit a two - run homer in the second inning to give the Mets a 2 - 0 lead . It was his third home run of the season and second in two days . Bruce hit a solo shot in the fourth to give the Mets a 2 - 0 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Wheeler in five starts this season . McCutchen hit a two - run homer in the second and d'Arnaud 's RBI single in the second made it 2 - 0 . Cole gave up four runs and 10 hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out three . Wheeler was charged with three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Wheeler gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are on their longest winning streak of the season . Brandon McCarthy pitched two - hit ball into the seventh inning , Chris Taylor hit a two - run homer and the Dodgers beat the Chicago Cubs 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . McCarthy ( 5 - 1 ) struck out six and walked one in his second start since coming off the disabled list . The right - hander allowed two hits in six innings , struck out six and walked one . Chris Taylor hit a two - run homer and Chase Utley had a two - run single for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . The Cubs have lost five of six and have been shut out for the first time this season . Cubs starter John Lackey ( 4 - 5 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings , struck out five and walked four . The right - hander struck out five , walked four and hit a batter . Chase Utley had a two - run single in the fifth for the Cubs , who have won four of five . The Cubs have lost three of their last four games and are 2 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . The Cubs have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Cubs have lost four of five . The Cubs have lost five of six and are 2 - 7 against the Dodgers this season . The Cubs have lost five of six and have been shut out for the first time this season . The Cubs scored their only run in the fourth when Yasmani Grandal singled , stole second and scored on a wild pitch .
NEW YORK -- Sean Manaea did n't have his best stuff , and the Oakland Athletics finally found a way to win . Manaea pitched four - hit ball over seven innings , Jed Lowrie drove in the go - ahead run in the eighth inning and the Oakland Athletics beat the New York Yankees 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Manaea ( 3 - 3 ) allowed four hits in seven innings , struck out eight and walked one . The right - hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous five starts . Manaea ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Stephen Vogt hit a two - run homer in the ninth for the Yankees . Masahiro Tanaka ( 5 - 4 ) struck out a career - high 13 in 7 1/3 innings , allowing one run and five hits . He walked none and struck out a season - high 13 . Khris Davis had an RBI single in the eighth for the A 's , who have won four straight and eight of 10 . New York has lost four of five . The Yankees have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place A 's in the AL East . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost five of six and are 2 - 7 against the A 's this season . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind AL East-leading Boston .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Colorado Rockies have been waiting for the Colorado Rockies to get back to .500 . Tyler Chatwood pitched a one - hitter , Carlos Gonzalez hit a three - run homer and the Rockies beat the Philadelphia Phillies 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Chatwood ( 4 - 6 ) allowed one hit in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked four . The Rockies have won four of five . Colorado has won four of five . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Jeremy Hellickson ( 5 - 2 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in five innings for the Phillies , who have lost five of six . The Phillies have lost four of five . Gonzalez had three hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in three runs . Michael Saunders hit a two - run homer off Mike Dunn in the eighth to make it 7 - 2 . It was the first homer allowed by Dunn in the majors this season . The Phillies scored two runs in the third to take a 7 - 0 lead . Charlie Blackmon hit a two - run single and Gerardo Parra followed with a sacrifice fly . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the third to give the Rockies a 6 - 0 lead . It was Gonzalez 's 20th home run of the season . The Rockies added a run in the third on Nolan Arenado 's RBI single and a sacrifice fly by Tony Wolters . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the third to give the Rockies a 6 - 0 lead . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the third to make it 6 - 0 .
NEW YORK -- The New York Mets are on the verge of a playoff spot in the NL West . Ryan Buchter ( 3 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win , and Brad Hand got his first save as the San Diego Padres beat the New York Mets 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Yangervis Solarte drove in three runs and Wilmer Flores hit a three - run double for the Padres , who have won four of five . New York has won four of five . The Mets have lost five of six and are a season - high 14 games under .500 . The Mets have lost six of seven and are a season - high 14 games under .500 . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven .
CHICAGO -- Anthony Rizzo had a pair of solo home runs , and Kyle Hendricks pitched seven strong innings to lead the Chicago Cubs to a 5 - 4 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night . Hendricks ( 4 - 2 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked none . Hendricks ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked three . Rizzo hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a solo shot in the fourth . Denard Span and Mac Williamson also went deep for the Cubs , who have won five of six . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Brandon Crawford led off with a double and scored on Javier Baez 's sacrifice fly . Rizzo tied it in the third with his second homer of the game . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Rizzo , who has homered in four of his last five games . It was Rizzo 's second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 28 , 2012 , against the Chicago White Sox . Rizzo hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Wade Davis , and Mac Williamson hit a two - run shot off George Kontos in the ninth . It was Williamson 's first home run since he was acquired in a trade with the Chicago Cubs on July 31 . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Christian Arroyo 's fielder 's choice and Hendricks ' errant pickoff throw to first base .
BALTIMORE -- Ervin Santana has been a big part of the Minnesota Twins ' pitching staff . Santana pitched a two - hitter for his first career shutout , and the Minnesota Twins beat the Baltimore Orioles 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Santana ( 7 - 2 ) struck out six and walked two in his second career shutout and second this season . The right - hander struck out six , walked two and threw a season - high 105 pitches . The right - hander struck out six and walked two . Santana ( 5 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Santana ( 7 - 2 ) struck out six and walked two in his second career shutout . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous five starts . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous five starts . Santana ( 5 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked three . The Orioles have lost four of five and are 1 - 4 on their current 10 - game road trip . Dozier homered off Twins reliever Richard Bleier in the seventh to make it 2 - 0 . Dozier connected in the seventh for a 2 - 0 lead . It was Dozier 's 20th home run of the season . The Orioles went up 1 - 0 in the fifth . Jorge Polanco drew a one - out walk and scored on a single by Byron Buxton . Jorge Polanco drew a two - out walk in the bottom half , stole second and scored on a single by Byron Buxton .
WASHINGTON -- Anthony Rendon 's first career two - homer game was his first multihomer game of the season , and the Washington Nationals beat the Seattle Mariners 10 - 1 on Tuesday night . Rendon hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the fourth to give the Nationals a 10 - 0 lead . Rendon hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the fourth . It was his second multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Rendon hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the fourth . It was Rendon 's second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 28 , 2012 , against the New York Mets . He also doubled and scored in the second inning . Rendon hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the fourth . It was his second multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Werth 's two - run shot in the fourth gave the Nationals a 10 - 0 lead . Rendon hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the fourth . It was his second multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Werth 's two - run shot in the fourth gave the Nationals a 10 - 0 lead . It was the second time this season the Nationals have hit back - to - back home runs . Werth 's two - run shot in the fourth made it 10 - 0 . It was the second time this season the Nationals have hit back - to - back home runs . Werth 's two - run shot in the fourth made it 10 - 0 . It was the second time this season the Nationals have hit back - to - back home runs . Werth 's two - run shot in the fourth made it 10 - 0 . It was the second time this season the Nationals have hit back - to - back homers .
CHICAGO -- Jon Lester pitched a four - hitter for his second complete game of the season , and the Chicago Cubs beat the San Francisco Giants 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Lester ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and four hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out 10 and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out 10 and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Cubs have won six of their past seven games and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . Jason Heyward homered for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Johnny Cueto ( 4 - 4 ) allowed four runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Giants have lost four of five . Rizzo hit a two - run homer in the fourth , and Kyle Schwarber hit a solo shot in the second . Rizzo hit a two - run shot in the fourth to make it 2 - 0 . It was the first homer allowed by Cueto in his last five starts , and the first time he has allowed more than three homers in a game this season . Rizzo hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 2 - 0 , and Heyward connected in the fourth to make it 2 - 0 . It was the first homer allowed by Cueto in his last five starts , and he has allowed three home runs in his last two starts . The Giants have homered in the first two games of the four - game series .
DETROIT -- The Texas Rangers have been waiting for the Texas Rangers to get back to .500 . Mike Napoli hit a tiebreaking home run in the sixth inning , Pete Kozma also went deep and the Rangers beat the Detroit Tigers 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Darvish ( 5 - 2 ) allowed two runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Keone Kela pitched a perfect ninth for his first save . Boyd ( 2 - 4 ) allowed four runs and a career - high 12 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Mike Napoli 's solo homer in the sixth made it 4 - 2 , and Miguel Cabrera had three hits for the Rangers . Ian Kinsler homered for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Detroit took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jonathan Lucroy 's RBI single . The Rangers tied it in the second on Robinson Chirinos ' RBI single . Kinsler led off the bottom of the first with his sixth homer of the season , and the Rangers tied it in the second . Elvis Andrus led off with a double and scored on Robinson Chirinos ' single . Miguel Cabrera 's RBI single made it 2 - 2 in the second , and Kozma 's solo homer in the sixth made it 4 - 2 . Darvish allowed two runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Detroit 's Yu Darvish ( 5 - 2 ) allowed two runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked four .
SAN DIEGO -- Robbie Ray has been a big part of the Arizona Diamondbacks ' recent success . Ray pitched two - hit ball into the eighth inning , David Peralta had a career - high four hits and the Diamondbacks beat the San Diego Padres 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Ray ( 3 - 3 ) allowed two hits in 7 2/3 innings , struck out six and walked three . The right - hander struck out six , walked three and hit a batter . Chris Herrmann hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Paul Goldschmidt had a two - run single in the first for the Diamondbacks , who have won five of six . Perdomo ( 0 - 1 ) allowed eight runs and 11 hits in three - plus innings . He walked one and struck out two . The Padres scored five runs in the first inning off Luis Valdez . Lamb had an RBI double and Yasmany Tomas added a two - run single . The Diamondbacks added three more runs in the second . Chris Owings led off with a double and scored on Lamb 's double . Goldschmidt followed with a two - run single , and Peralta scored on a wild pitch . Peralta doubled and scored on Lamb 's single in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . The Padres added three runs in the ninth off J. J. Hoover . Allen Cordoba had an RBI single , and Rey Fuentes drove in a run with a groundout . Allen Cordoba had an RBI single off J. J. Hoover in the ninth . Perdomo allowed eight runs and 11 hits in three innings , struck out two and walked one .
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting for the Baltimore Orioles to get back to .500 . Welington Castillo hit a go - ahead three - run homer in the seventh inning , Mark Trumbo added a two - run shot and the Orioles beat the Toronto Blue Jays 7 - 5 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Baltimore has won six of seven , and the Orioles have won six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have won seven of their last eight games . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays trailed 5 - 4 in the seventh before Welington Castillo hit a three - run homer off Mychal Givens ( 5 - 0 ) to make it 5 - 4 . Baltimore starter Mike Bolsinger gave up four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out five . Baltimore starter Kevin Gausman gave up two runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Bautista hit a three - run homer off Danny Barnes ( 0 - 2 ) in the seventh to make it 7 - 5 . It was the third time this season the Orioles have hit back - to - back home runs . Bautista hit a three - run shot off Mychal Givens ( 5 - 0 ) in the seventh to make it 5 - 4 . Brad Brach pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Trumbo .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago Cubs are on the verge of being the NL 's top team in the NL Central . Kyle Hendricks pitched six solid innings , Zack Cozart and Anthony Rizzo each drove in two runs and the Cubs beat the Cincinnati Reds 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Hendricks ( 3 - 2 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . Wade Davis pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save . Scott Feldman ( 2 - 4 ) allowed seven runs -- five earned -- and five hits in 2 2 - 3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . Kyle Schwarber hit a two - run single in the second inning and Cozart added a solo homer in the third for the Cubs , who have won four of five . The Cubs scored five runs in the second inning to take a 5 - 1 lead . Cozart led off the third with his third homer of the season and second in two days , and Anthony Rizzo hit a two - run single in the second to give the Cubs a 5 - 1 lead . Cozart led off the third with his third homer of the season and second in two games . The Cubs added three more in the third . Miguel Montero drew a leadoff walk , stole second and scored on Addison Russell 's fielder 's choice . Jon Jay followed with an RBI single to make it 7 - 2 . Duvall 's RBI single in the seventh made it 7 - 3 , and Eugenio Suarez 's two - run double in the seventh made it 7 - 5 .
ST. LOUIS -- The Boston Red Sox got a glimpse of their future in St. Louis . Mookie Betts and Jackie Bradley Jr. homered , Eduardo Rodriguez pitched six solid innings and the Red Sox beat the St. Louis Cardinals 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Mookie Betts and Jackie Bradley Jr. hit solo homers for the Red Sox , who have won four of five . Dexter Fowler had an RBI double and Dustin Pedroia drove in a run for the Red Sox , who have won four of five . Rodriguez ( 2 - 1 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth for his 12th save . Lance Lynn ( 4 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and three hits in six innings for St. Louis . He struck out four and walked one . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Dustin Pedroia and a sacrifice fly by Matt Carpenter . Betts hit a leadoff homer in the second and Bradley added a run - scoring single in the eighth off Miguel Socolovich to make it 6 - 3 . Christian Vazquez had a sacrifice fly in the eighth , and Tommy Pham 's sacrifice fly in the eighth made it 6 - 3 . Lynn allowed three runs and three hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . Rodriguez ( 2 - 1 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Cardinals took a 3 - 2 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Matt Carpenter and a sacrifice fly by Dustin Pedroia .
TORONTO -- Joe Biagini 's first win of the season came in the second inning . Jose Bautista hit a two - run homer and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Seattle Mariners 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Biagini ( 1 - 1 ) allowed four hits and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Blue Jays have won six of their past eight games and have won eight of their past 10 games . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven . Christian Bergman ( 0 - 1 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out one . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Devon Travis ' sacrifice fly . Bautista hit a two - run homer in the third , his third . Bautista hit a two - run shot off Bergman in the third , his third . The Blue Jays added two more in the sixth . Ryan Goins hit a one - out double and scored on a single by Darwin Barney , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a triple . The Blue Jays added a run in the sixth on a sacrifice fly by Ezequiel Carrera . Pillar went 2 - for - 3 with a walk and scored a run . Seattle 's Nelson Cruz went 0 - for - 4 , ending his career - best hitting streak at 14 games . Cruz went 0 - for - 4 and is hitless in his past 21 at - bats .
MIAMI -- Tyler Flowers hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the seventh inning to help the Atlanta Braves beat the Miami Marlins 8 - 4 on Friday night . Flowers hit his first homer of the season , a two - run shot in the second inning and a two - run single in the seventh . He also had a two - run single in the seventh , and the Braves scored four runs in the seventh . Mike Foltynewicz ( 1 - 4 ) allowed one run and six hits in six innings to earn his first major league win . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Marlins have won six of their past seven games , and the Marlins have won six of their past seven games . Miami 's Jose Urena ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs -- two earned -- and six hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out four . Justin Bour homered and drove in a run for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Miami 's Derek Dietrich homered off Jim Johnson with one out in the ninth , his third homer of the season . Jim Johnson gave up a two - run homer to J. T. Realmuto in the bottom of the ninth , but the Marlins scored four runs in the inning . Flowers hit a two - out , two - run homer in the second off Jose Urena ( 1 - 1 ) , who allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked three .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Cincinnati manager Dusty Baker was happy to see Zack Cozart 's go - ahead double in the eighth inning . Zack Cozart hit a go - ahead double in the eighth inning , and the Reds beat the San Francisco Giants 3 - 2 on Tuesday night to snap a four - game losing streak . Zack Cozart hit a go - ahead double in the eighth inning to give the Reds a 3 - 2 lead . Zack Cozart added a run - scoring double in the eighth off Hunter Strickland ( 0 - 1 ) . Wandy Peralta ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Raisel Iglesias pitched the ninth for his seventh save in eight chances . Denard Span had four hits , including a solo homer , for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Brandon Belt hit a solo home run in the first inning for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Giants starter Ty Blach allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out two and walked one . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Billy Hamilton led off with a double and scored on Joey Votto 's groundout . The Giants tied it in the fourth when Hamilton doubled and scored on Arroyo 's wild pitch . Cincinnati tied it in the sixth when Hamilton doubled and scored on Arroyo 's wild pitch . The Giants took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth on Span 's solo homer , his first of the season . Cincinnati tied it in the sixth when Hamilton doubled , took third on a groundout and scored on Cozart 's double .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros have n't been able to find a way to get back to the playoffs . Joe Musgrove allowed two runs in six innings , Freddie Freeman and Adonis Garcia homered and the Astros beat the Atlanta Braves 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Musgrove ( 2 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out four and walked three . Ken Giles pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save . Jaime Garcia ( 1 - 2 ) allowed four runs and six hits in six innings for the Braves . He walked five and struck out four . Freddie Freeman led off the fourth with a home run and Carlos Correa hit a two - run double in the fifth to give the Braves a 2 - 1 lead . Atlanta took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Yuli Gurriel . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a double by George Springer and a run - scoring single by Correa . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a double by Correa and a sacrifice fly by Marwin Gonzalez . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Yuli Gurriel . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Correa . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a double by Correa and a double by Jake Marisnick . Atlanta took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Yuli Gurriel .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels are starting to look like a team in the thick of the AL West . Yunel Escobar hit a three - run homer and Albert Pujols added a solo shot to help the Los Angeles Angels beat the Oakland Athletics 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Meyer ( 1 - 1 ) allowed three runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out seven . Alonso hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the sixth . Yunel Escobar hit a three - run homer and Ben Revere added a solo shot for the Angels , who have won four of five . Cotton ( 3 - 4 ) allowed seven runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Alonso hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a solo shot in the sixth . Alonso hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a solo shot in the sixth . Alonso hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a solo shot in the sixth . He also hit a two - run shot in the first inning off Jharel Wahl ( 0 - 1 ) to give the Angels a 5 - 2 lead . Alonso homered in the sixth to make it 7 - 3 . It was his second career multi - homer game . Pujols hit his 27th home run of the season , a solo shot in the first . It was the first home run of the season for Pujols , who hit a three - run shot in the Angels ' 3 - 2 win over the A 's on Tuesday . Escobar hit a three - run homer in the second to give the Angels a 5 - 2 lead . It was the first grand slam of the season for Escobar , who hit a three - run homer in the Angels ' 3 - 2 win over the A 's on Tuesday . Escobar hit a three - run homer in the second inning and added a run - scoring groundout in the fourth . Alonso homered in the sixth .
DENVER -- Tyler Chatwood pitched a gem in the Colorado Rockies ' 5 - 2 win over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night . Chatwood pitched seven innings of two - hit ball and Mark Reynolds homered for the Rockies , who have won four of five . Chatwood ( 3 - 4 ) allowed one run and two hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked three . Greg Holland worked a perfect ninth for his 13th save in 14 chances . Pat Valaika hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Rockies , who have won four of five . Taijuan Walker ( 3 - 2 ) gave up three runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out one and did n't walk a batter . Blackmon had three hits , including a solo homer in the seventh that gave the Rockies a 4 - 0 lead . Trevor Story added a run - scoring double in the sixth and scored on a wild pitch by Adam Ottavino . Colorado added a run in the eighth on an RBI single by Nick Ahmed and a run - scoring double by Daniel Descalso . Arizona added a run in the eighth on an RBI double by Nick Ahmed and a run - scoring double by Nick Ahmed . Arizona added a run in the eighth on a sacrifice fly by pinch - hitter Brandon Drury . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth , but Tom Wilhelmsen struck out pinch - hitter Scott Oberg and got Carlos Gonzalez to ground into a game - ending double play . Gonzalez went 0 - for - 4 .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Francisco Lindor and Carlos Santana hit back - to - back home runs off Kelvin Herrera in the ninth inning to lift the Cleveland Indians to a 3 - 1 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . Lindor hit a 2 - 1 pitch from Kelvin Herrera ( 1 - 1 ) into the right - field seats for his eighth home run of the season . Andrew Miller ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Cody Allen pitched the ninth for his eighth save in nine chances . The Indians , who have lost four of five , have lost six of seven . Carlos Santana hit a solo homer off Indians closer Joakim Soria in the ninth , but the Royals ' bullpen could n't hold it . Royals starter Josh Tomlin gave up one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Michael Brantley hit a two - out double and scored on Eric Hosmer 's single . Jason Kipnis had an RBI single in the eighth for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Royals starter Jason Vargas allowed four hits and two walks in six innings . He struck out six . The Royals have lost six of seven . Royals right - hander Matt Strahm pitched a scoreless eighth , and Joakim Soria gave up a run in the ninth . Kansas City 's Brandon Guyer was hit in the head by a pitch from Tomlin in the fourth inning . He was replaced by Brandon Guyer , who was hit by a pitch .
CHICAGO -- Aaron Hicks and the New York Yankees are doing their best . Hicks had a career - high four hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in three runs to lead the Yankees to a 11 - 6 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Starlin Castro had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Jon Jay and Ben Zobrist also drove in runs for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Yankees starter Brett Anderson ( 2 - 2 ) was tagged for five runs and six hits in one - third of an inning . The right - hander was tagged for five runs and six hits in one - third of an inning in his shortest outing of the season . Miguel Montero had a two - run single in the eighth , and Javier Baez had an RBI single in a three - run eighth . Montgomery ( 2 - 1 ) allowed three runs and three hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . Cubs starter Rob Zastryzny allowed three runs , two earned , and three hits in four - plus innings . He walked four and struck out one . The Cubs jumped on Anderson for five runs in the first inning , highlighted by a two - run double by Gary Sanchez and a two - run double by Chase Headley . Castro hit a two - run homer in the fourth and Hicks added a three - run shot in the eighth for the Yankees , who have 19 hits in their last two games . The Yankees scored three times in the first , including a two - run homer by Castro and a two - run shot by Castro .
CINCINNATI -- The Cincinnati Reds had a chance to get back to the playoffs for the first time this season . Adam Duvall hit a go - ahead triple in the fifth inning , and the Reds beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Joey Votto had an RBI double and scored the go - ahead run on Gift Ngoepe 's double in the fourth inning , and Adam Duvall added a two - out RBI triple in the fifth for a 2 - 1 lead . Adleman ( 1 - 1 ) allowed six hits and two runs with one walk and five strikeouts in six innings . Raisel Iglesias pitched the ninth for his fifth save in six chances . Nova ( 3 - 3 ) gave up a season - high 10 hits and four runs in six innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games . The Pirates have lost six of their last seven games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park this season . The Pirates have lost six of their last seven games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park since the start of the 2010 season . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park since the start of the 2010 season .
SEATTLE -- The Seattle Mariners had a chance to take the lead in the eighth inning . Jarrod Dyson hit a two - run double off Blake Parker ( 0 - 2 ) and Kole Calhoun hit a solo homer in the ninth , lifting the Mariners to an 8 - 7 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . The Angels trailed 6 - 4 in the eighth before rallying for four runs in the eighth . Jean Segura hit a two - run homer and Yunel Escobar added a two - run double in the sixth to give the Mariners a 6 - 4 lead . Jean Machi ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Edwin Diaz gave up a solo home run to Mike Trout in the ninth but earned his fifth save in eight chances . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on Nelson Cruz 's two - out RBI single . Robinson Cano hit a solo home run in the first inning for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Angels starter Ricky Nolasco gave up four runs and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . Seattle starter Hisashi Iwakuma gave up three runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Ben Revere singled , stole second and scored on Cliff Pennington 's two - out single . Seattle took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Yunel Escobar 's two - out , two - run double off the wall in right - center .
NEW YORK -- Aaron Judge hit a pair of home runs , and the New York Yankees took advantage of the Toronto Blue Jays ' sloppy defensive play to beat the Blue Jays 11 - 5 on Tuesday night . Aaron Judge hit a pair of solo homers and Steve Pearce went 4 - for - 4 with two homers , including a solo shot in the third inning that put the Yankees ahead to stay . Brett Gardner homered twice and drove in three runs , and Masahiro Tanaka pitched effectively into the seventh inning , leading the Yankees to a 11 - 5 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night . Masahiro Tanaka ( 4 - 1 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts , including a 6 - 1 loss to the Yankees on April 8 . New York 's Mat Latos ( 0 - 1 ) gave up seven runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings . He struck out five and walked one . Aaron Hicks hit a two - run homer and Matt Holliday had three hits for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . The Blue Jays have lost seven of their last 10 games . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 against the Yankees this season . The Blue Jays have lost seven of their last 10 games . They 've lost six of their last seven .
LOS ANGELES -- The San Francisco Giants are on their longest winning streak of the season . Hunter Pence hit a two - run homer in the first inning , Johnny Cueto pitched seven solid innings and the Giants beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Buster Posey hit a solo homer in the third inning for San Francisco , which has won four of five . Cueto ( 4 - 1 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings , struck out six and walked one . The right - hander struck out six and walked one . Derek Law retired the side in the ninth for his first save . Kershaw ( 4 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked none . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on Hunter Pence 's two - run homer and Christian Arroyo 's RBI single . The Giants tied it at 2 in the third on a run - scoring groundout by Yasmani Grandal and a run - scoring single by Christian Arroyo . The Giants took a 4 - 2 lead in the fifth on a two - run homer by Hunter Pence and a run - scoring single by Gorkys Hernandez . The Dodgers tied the game 2 - all in the second on a two - run homer by Buster Posey . The Giants tied it at 2 in the second on a two - out RBI single by Christian Arroyo . The Giants tied the game 2 - 2 in the third on a two - out RBI single by Bellinger .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Jason Vargas and the Kansas City Royals kept the Chicago White Sox off - balance . Vargas pitched six innings , Jorge Bonifacio hit a two - run homer and the Royals beat the Chicago White Sox 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Vargas ( 4 - 1 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out one , walked three and hit a batter . Dylan Covey ( 0 - 2 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings for the White Sox . He walked two and struck out two . Eric Hosmer hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the White Sox , who have lost five of six . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of their past seven games . The White Sox have lost six of their past seven games . The White Sox have lost six of their past seven games . The White Sox have lost six of their past seven games . The White Sox have lost six of their past seven games . The White Sox have lost six of their past seven games and are 2 - 6 on their homestand .
DETROIT -- The Kansas City Royals are doing their best to keep up with the Kansas City Royals . Alex Gordon drove in three runs , Ian Kennedy pitched seven strong innings and the Royals beat the Detroit Tigers 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Mike Moustakas homered and Alcides Escobar had three hits for Kansas City , which has won four of five . Perez hit a two - run homer off Daniel Norris ( 4 - 6 ) in the fourth , and Alex Avila added a solo shot in the sixth . Salvador Perez hit a two - run homer in the fourth , and Miguel Cabrera added a solo shot in the sixth . Kennedy ( 2 - 6 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts , and the Royals have won five of their last six . The Royals have lost six of seven . Detroit 's Warwick Saupold allowed one run and three hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out one . The Royals have lost four of five . Norris gave up five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . He struck out three , walked one and hit a batter . Daniel Norris ( 4 - 6 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out three . Gordon 's RBI single in the third gave Kansas City a 1 - 0 lead , and Alcides Escobar led off the fourth with a double and scored on Gordon 's single . Gordon 's RBI double made it 5 - 0 in the fourth , and Perez added a run - scoring double in the ninth .
ATLANTA -- R. A. Dickey 's knuckleball was working for him . Dickey pitched seven strong innings , Brandon Phillips hit a two - run homer and the Atlanta Braves beat the Milwaukee Brewers 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 6 - 5 ) allowed one run and five hits , struck out six and walked one . The right - hander is 6 - 0 in his last eight starts against the Brewers , including a 1 - 0 win over the Braves in his last start . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous six starts . Dickey ( 6 - 5 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Jim Johnson pitched the ninth for his 15th save . Matt Garza ( 3 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings for the Brewers , who have lost three of four . The Brewers have lost three straight and seven of nine . Milwaukee has lost four of five . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost four of five . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost four of five . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven . Milwaukee has lost six of seven . The Brewers have lost six of seven .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Mike Fiers has been a big part of the Houston Astros ' rotation . Fiers pitched six strong innings , Evan Gattis hit a two - run single and the Astros beat the Oakland Athletics 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Fiers ( 5 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out five . Carlos Correa hit a solo homer in the ninth for the Astros , who have won four of five . Sean Manaea ( 6 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings for the A 's , who have lost three of four . The A 's lost for the seventh time in eight games . Oakland has lost four of five . The A 's had lost four of five . Oakland 's Jake Marisnick hit a sacrifice fly in the seventh to make it 4 - 1 . Jake Marisnick added a sacrifice fly in the eighth for the Astros , who have won four of five . The A 's lost for the sixth time in seven games . Oakland has lost four of five . The A 's have lost seven of their last nine games . Oakland has lost six of seven . The A 's have lost four of five . Oakland has lost six of seven . The A 's have lost six of seven . Oakland has lost six of seven . The A 's have lost six of their last seven games and are 1 - 5 on their current 10 - game road trip . The A 's have lost five of their last six games and are 1 - 5 on their current road trip .
ATLANTA -- Matt Kemp was n't surprised to see Matt Kemp hit a game - winning home run . Kemp hit a two - run homer in the 11th inning to lift the Atlanta Braves to a 5 - 3 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night . The Braves have won four of five . Atlanta has won four of five . The Giants have won five of six . Matt Kemp hit a two - run homer off Cory Gearrin ( 1 - 2 ) in the bottom of the 11th to give the Braves a 3 - 1 lead . Luke Jackson ( 2 - 0 ) got the last two outs of the 11th for the win . Hunter Pence homered off Jim Johnson leading off the bottom of the 11th to give the Giants a 3 - 2 lead . Hunter Pence tied it with a solo homer off Arodys Vizcaino in the top of the ninth . Sean Newcomb pitched six solid innings for the Giants , allowing one run and three hits . He struck out three and walked one . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Brandon Belt 's triple to left - center . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Buster Posey hit a two - out double and scored on Brandon Belt 's triple to left - center . Atlanta starter Jeff Samardzija gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter . Tyler Flowers homered off Cory Gearrin ( 1 - 2 ) in the seventh to give the Braves a 3 - 1 lead . It was Flowers ' third homer of the season .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Miguel Sano and Jose Abreu each hit a two - run homer , and the Minnesota Twins beat the Chicago White Sox 9 - 7 on Tuesday night . Sano hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Derek Holland ( 5 - 7 ) , who allowed seven runs and eight hits in 2 2/3 innings . Kennys Vargas hit a three - run homer and Matt Davidson added a solo shot for the White Sox , who have won four of five . Avisail Garcia hit a two - run homer and Yolmer Sanchez had a two - run triple for Chicago . Ervin Santana ( 9 - 4 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in five innings for the Twins , who have lost five of six . The White Sox took a 4 - 2 lead in the third on Abreu 's RBI double and Yolmer Sanchez 's two - run triple . Abreu 's solo homer in the sixth gave the Twins a 6 - 4 lead , but the Twins tied it in the bottom half on Byron Buxton 's RBI single . The White Sox tied it in the bottom half on Sano 's three - run homer , but the White Sox tied it in the bottom half on an RBI double by Jason Castro and a run - scoring double by Eddie Rosario . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Abreu 's RBI double and Yolmer Sanchez 's two - run triple . The White Sox tied it in the third on Abreu 's RBI double and Jason Castro 's RBI single . The White Sox took a 7 - 4 lead in the fifth on a two - run homer by Kennys Vargas .
NEW YORK -- Aaron Judge and the Los Angeles Angels are enjoying their latest win . Judge hit his first home run of the season , Gary Sanchez hit a go - ahead solo shot and the Angels beat the New York Yankees 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Cameron Maybin homered and drove in two runs , and Luis Valbuena added a solo shot in the ninth for the Angels , who have won four of five . Angels starter Michael Pineda gave up three runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Blake Bridwell allowed two runs and two hits in five - plus innings for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Blake Parker ( 3 - 2 ) gave up a solo homer to Cameron Maybin in the sixth and a run - scoring single to Albert Pujols in the seventh . Clippard ( 1 - 4 ) gave up three runs and three hits in one - third of an inning for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . New York has lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven and are 2 1/2 games behind the first - place Los Angeles Angels in the AL East . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of their last seven games . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven and are 2 1/2 games behind the first - place New York Yankees in the AL East . New York has lost six of seven . The Yankees have lost six of seven .
LOS ANGELES -- Corey Seager 's three - run homer capped a four - run burst in the fifth inning , and the Los Angeles Dodgers routed the New York Mets 12 - 0 on Tuesday night . Seager had a career - high six RBI , including a two - run homer in the first inning and a three - run shot in the fifth that gave the Dodgers a 10 - 0 lead . Brandon McCarthy ( 6 - 3 ) allowed four hits in six scoreless innings , striking out four and walking one . The right - hander is 6 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last seven starts . The Mets have won four of five and are a season - high 16 games over .500 . Cody Bellinger hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Yasmani Grandal added a solo shot in the fifth to give the Dodgers a 10 - 0 lead . Gsellman ( 5 - 5 ) was charged with eight runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . Seager hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a three - run shot in the fifth that gave the Dodgers a 10 - 0 lead . Yasmani Grandal and Cody Bellinger also homered for the Mets , who have lost five of six . The Mets have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their past seven games . They 've lost six of their past eight games . The Mets have lost six of seven .
NEW YORK -- The New York Mets are on the verge of a playoff spot in the NL East . Jacob deGrom pitched eight innings of three - hit ball , T. J. Rivera had a career - high four hits and the New York Mets beat the Washington Nationals 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . deGrom ( 6 - 3 ) allowed an unearned run and three hits in eight innings , striking out six and walking two . The right - hander has won his last three starts against the Nationals , who have won four straight and seven of eight . New York has won four straight and eight of 10 . The Mets have lost four of five and are a season - high 14 games over .500 . They have won seven of their last nine games and are a season - high 16 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2009 season . New York has won seven of its last eight games . The Mets have lost six of seven and are a season - high 14 games over .500 . They have won seven of their last nine games and are a season - high 16 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2009 season . New York has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . New York 's Joe Ross ( 3 - 3 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . New York has lost four of five . The Mets have lost six of seven .
CINCINNATI -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are on their longest winning streak of the season . Cody Bellinger hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , Hyun-Jin Ryu pitched five solid innings and the Dodgers beat the Cincinnati Reds 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Bellinger had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third inning , and added a two - run shot in the third . He added a two - run homer in the third and a two - run shot in the third . Bellinger had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third inning that gave the Dodgers a 5 - 1 lead . Bellinger had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third inning that put the Dodgers ahead 5 - 1 . Bellinger had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third , and a two - run shot in the third . He added an RBI double in the first and a two - run homer in the third . Puig added a sacrifice fly in the ninth . Hyun-Jin Ryu ( 3 - 6 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Reds have won five of their last six games . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . Wojciechowski ( 1 - 1 ) gave up six runs and five hits in 2 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He struck out five and walked one . The Reds scored two runs in the first inning off Asher , who gave up a two - run homer to Bellinger in the third and a two - run shot to Joc Pederson in the third . Bellinger had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third that made it 6 - 1 .
ST. LOUIS -- Eric Thames was n't surprised to see the Milwaukee Brewers come back . Thames hit a two - run homer with two outs in the ninth inning , lifting the Milwaukee Brewers to a 6 - 4 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Thames hit a two - run homer off Seung Hwan Oh ( 1 - 3 ) in the ninth to give the Brewers a 6 - 4 lead . It was Thames ' second homer of the season . Carlos Torres ( 3 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Oliver Drake pitched a perfect ninth for his first save . Dexter Fowler hit a solo homer and drove in two runs for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Keon Broxton hit a two - run homer for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Zach Davies allowed four runs and nine hits in five innings for the Cardinals , who have lost five of six . Wacha allowed four runs and seven hits in four innings . He struck out five and walked three . Milwaukee starter John Brebbia pitched two scoreless innings in relief of Michael Wacha , who gave up four runs and seven hits in four innings . John Brebbia pitched two scoreless innings in relief of Michael Wacha , who allowed four runs and seven hits in four innings . He struck out five and walked three . John Brebbia pitched two scoreless innings in relief of Michael Wacha , who allowed four runs and seven hits in four innings . The Cardinals took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Sogard and a run - scoring single by Stephen Piscotty .
DENVER -- Raimel Tapia had a two - run single in the ninth inning , and the Colorado Rockies rallied to beat the San Francisco Giants 10 - 9 on Tuesday night . Raimel Tapia drove in the go - ahead run with a two - out single off Hunter Strickland ( 1 - 2 ) , and Brandon Crawford hit a three - run homer in the eighth to give the Rockies a wild 10 - 9 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night . Nolan Arenado had three hits and drove in four runs , and Buster Posey had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh that gave the Rockies a 9 - 8 lead . The Rockies trailed 9 - 1 in the seventh before rallying to tie the game in the bottom of the ninth . Pinch-hitter Ty Blach had an RBI single and pinch - hitter Gorkys Hernandez drove in a run with a sacrifice fly . Greg Holland ( 1 - 0 ) picked up the win with a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth to earn his first major league win . Greg Holland ( 1 - 0 ) picked up the win with a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth . The Giants took a 9 - 1 lead into the eighth , but the Giants pulled within 9 - 8 in the bottom half on Raimel Tapia 's RBI single . The Giants scored three runs in the first , including a two - run double by Ian Desmond , and a two - run double by DJ LeMahieu , who had four hits and drove in two runs . Posey had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh that made it 9 - 4 . It was the second time this season the Rockies have hit back - to - back home runs . Crawford had three hits , including a three - run homer in the eighth that made it 9 - 4 .
CHICAGO -- Kevan Smith and the Chicago White Sox are on a roll . Smith hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , Avisail Garcia drove in four runs and the White Sox beat the Baltimore Orioles 10 - 7 on Tuesday night . Kevan Smith hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , and Melky Cabrera had three hits and scored twice for the White Sox . Jake Petricka ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 2 1/3 innings of one - hit ball to earn his first major league win . Anthony Swarzak gave up a run in the seventh , Brad Brach pitched the eighth and Gregory Castro gave up a two - run homer to Trey Mancini in the eighth . Kevan Smith hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Miley ( 2 - 4 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 2 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked two and did n't strike out a batter for the third time in his last four starts . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The White Sox scored six runs in the fourth inning to take a 9 - 2 lead . Garcia hit a two - run homer in the eighth to make it 10 - 2 , and Matt Davidson added a solo shot in the seventh for the White Sox , who have won four of five . The White Sox scored six runs in the fourth inning to take a 6 - 0 lead . Garcia hit a two - run homer in the inning and Seth Smith doubled in a run in the fourth to make it 6 - 0 .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The New York Yankees are on their longest winning streak of the season . Didi Gregorius had four hits and drove in two runs , Aaron Judge homered and the New York Yankees beat the Los Angeles Angels 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Kole Calhoun hit a solo home run in the first inning and Aaron Judge added a two - run shot in the eighth to give the Yankees a 5 - 3 lead . Tyler Clippard ( 1 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Dellin Betances recorded the final four outs for his sixth save . Jose Alvarez ( 0 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up a run in the seventh . Angels starter Alex Meyer was charged with two runs and five hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked five and struck out five . The Yankees took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on Gregorius ' RBI single . The Yankees tied it in the third when Starlin Castro singled , stole second and scored on Gregorius ' infield single . The Yankees tied it in the fifth when Matt Holliday walked , stole second , took third on a wild pitch and scored on Chase Headley 's single . The Yankees tied it in the seventh on a run - scoring single by Danny Espinosa and a run - scoring single by Chase Headley . The Angels tied it in the seventh on a two - out RBI single by Aaron Hicks . Judge hit a two - run homer off Bud Norris in the eighth to make it 5 - 3 . Tanaka allowed three runs -- one earned -- and four hits in 6 2/3 innings , struck out eight and walked two .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago Cubs ' bullpen did n't need much help . Ben Zobrist hit a three - run homer , Addison Russell added a solo shot and the Chicago Cubs beat the Colorado Rockies 7 - 5 on Tuesday night for their season - high sixth straight win . The Cubs have won five of their last six games against the Rockies , who have won five of six . Carl Edwards Jr. ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . Wade Davis allowed a run in the ninth before finishing for his 13th save in 14 chances . The Cubs scored four runs in the fifth to take a 4 - 0 lead . Zobrist hit a three - run homer off Jordan Lyles ( 0 - 2 ) , and Addison Russell hit a solo shot in the sixth to give the Cubs a 6 - 4 lead . DJ LeMahieu had two hits and drove in two runs for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Colorado starter Jake Arrieta gave up four runs and five hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Rockies took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on Ian Desmond 's two - run single and Mark Reynolds ' RBI single . The Rockies took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on Anthony Rizzo 's RBI double and Zobrist 's three - run homer , his second of the season . The Rockies took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Kyle Schwarber and a solo shot by Addison Russell . The Rockies took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on Anthony Rizzo 's RBI double and Zobrist 's three - run homer .
WASHINGTON -- Austin Bibens-Dirkx pitched a career - high seven innings , and the Texas Rangers beat the Washington Nationals 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Bibens-Dirkx ( 2 - 0 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out two and walked one . Bibens-Dirkx ( 0 - 1 ) gave up a leadoff home run to Shin-Soo Choo in the first inning and a solo shot to Brian Goodwin in the third . The right - hander allowed three hits in seven innings , struck out two and walked one . Jose Leclerc struck out the side in the eighth , and Oliver Perez walked the bases loaded in the eighth . Jose Leclerc struck out the side in the eighth and Elvis Andrus had a two - run triple in the eighth for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Scherzer allowed three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out 10 , walked one and hit a batter . Scherzer struck out 10 and walked one in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out 10 , walked one and hit a batter . Scherzer struck out the side in the first inning , then retired the side in order in the fourth and fifth innings . The right - hander allowed three runs and three hits in 7 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out 10 . The Rangers have lost three of their past four games . Washington 's Max Scherzer ( 7 - 4 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out 10 and walked one .
HOUSTON -- Mike Fiers has been the Houston Astros ' most consistent starter this season . Fiers pitched into the eighth inning , Brian McCann hit a solo homer and the Astros beat the Los Angeles Angels 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Fiers ( 4 - 2 ) allowed an unearned run and two hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Ken Giles struck out the side in the ninth for his 16th save . Ricky Nolasco ( 2 - 7 ) yielded eight hits and two runs with two strikeouts in seven innings for the Angels , who have lost five of six . The Angels have lost five of six and are 1 - 8 in their last 13 games at Minute Maid Park . The Angels have lost five of six . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of their last seven games . The Angels have lost seven of their last 10 games . The Angels have lost five of their last six games . Angels starter Garrett Richards ( 0 - 1 ) allowed a season - high eight hits and struck out five in his first start since July 26 . He was recalled from Triple-A Salt Lake on Wednesday . The Astros have lost six of seven .
SEATTLE -- Marcus Stroman pitched seven strong innings to lead the Toronto Blue Jays to a 4 - 2 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . Stroman ( 7 - 2 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did not walk a batter . Kendrys Morales hit a two - run homer for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Seattle starter Ariel Miranda gave up two runs and two hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out two . Roberto Osuna pitched the ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . Justin Smoak hit a solo homer in the ninth off Steve Cishek , his 14th of the season . Ezequiel Carrera tied it in the eighth with a solo homer off Tony Zych ( 2 - 2 ) , who was making his major league debut . The Blue Jays tied it at 2 in the seventh on a two - run homer by Kendrys Morales , his 14th of the season . The Blue Jays tied it at 2 in the seventh on a two - out RBI single by Russell Martin . The Blue Jays tied it in the seventh . Nelson Cruz reached on an infield single , stole second and advanced to third on a throwing error by catcher Russell Martin . After Jose Bautista walked , Nelson Cruz hit a grounder to third baseman Guillermo Heredia , who threw home for the force out . Nelson Cruz followed with a double to right - center , scoring Cruz . Seager followed with an RBI single to give the Blue Jays a 2 - 1 lead . The Blue Jays tied it in the seventh on a two - run homer by Kendrys Morales .
ST. LOUIS -- Carlos Martinez had his best outing of the season . Martinez struck out a career - high 11 in a four - hitter , and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Philadelphia Phillies 7 - 0 on Tuesday night . Martinez ( 5 - 5 ) allowed four hits and struck out a career - high 11 in his first career complete game . He threw 69 of 107 pitches for strikes . Jedd Gyorko drove in three runs and Kolten Wong had two hits and scored twice for the Cardinals . Matt Carpenter had a two - run double off Nick Pivetta ( 1 - 3 ) in the fourth , and Jedd Gyorko drove in three runs with a sacrifice fly in the seventh . Gyorko had a two - run double in the fourth and a sacrifice fly in the seventh . Matt Carpenter had a two - run double in the seventh and Jedd Gyorko drove in three runs for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Philadelphia has lost four of five . The Phillies have lost four of five . Martinez ( 1 - 3 ) gave up four runs and four hits in five - plus innings . He walked four and struck out two . Martinez ( 1 - 3 ) gave up four runs and four hits in five - plus innings . He struck out two and walked four . The Phillies scored three runs in the fourth to take a 4 - 0 lead . Gyorko 's two - run double and Carpenter 's two - run double made it 4 - 0 . Eric Fryer had an RBI single in the fourth to make it 4 - 0 . Carpenter 's two - run double in the seventh made it 6 - 0 .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Houston Astros have been waiting for a long time to find a way to win . Jose Altuve hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the ninth inning and the Astros beat the Kansas City Royals 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Jose Altuve hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Kelvin Herrera ( 1 - 2 ) , and Jake Marisnick added a two - run single in the ninth . Will Harris ( 2 - 1 ) pitched one inning for the win and Peter Moylan gave up a run in the ninth . Royals starter Jason Hammel allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Royals starter Lance McCullers gave up one run and two hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The Royals scored in the seventh when Josh Reddick led off with a single , stole second and scored on Mike Moustakas ' single . Altuve hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Chris Devenski to give the Astros a 3 - 1 lead . Altuve hit a two - run homer in the ninth to give the Astros a 1 - 0 lead . It was the first home run allowed by McCullers in five starts this season . Altuve hit a two - run shot off Chris Devenski in the ninth , and Jake Marisnick added a two - run single in the ninth . Altuve hit a two - run homer in the ninth to give Houston a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first time the Astros had hit back - to - back homers this season .
BALTIMORE -- Jonathan Schoop homered twice and drove in three runs , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 6 - 5 on Tuesday night to end a three - game losing streak . Mark Trumbo hit a game - ending RBI single with two outs in the 10th inning to give the Orioles a 5 - 3 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Chris Davis and Seth Smith homered for the Orioles , who took two of three from the Pirates , who have won five of six . Baltimore has won six of seven . The Orioles have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their current 10 - game road trip . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore trailed 5 - 3 in the ninth before Adam Jones led off with a double and scored on a triple by Josh Harrison . Mark Trumbo followed with an RBI single to make it 5 - 3 . Davis homered off Tony Watson leading off the bottom half to make it 4 - 3 . It was the first home run allowed by Tony Watson this season . Davis homered off Tony Watson with one out in the ninth . It was the first home run allowed by Tony Watson this season , and the second time this season the Orioles have hit back - to - back homers . Brad Brach ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 10th inning for the win . Baltimore starter Ivan Nova allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . Baltimore starter Kevin Gausman gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one .
NEW YORK -- Jay Bruce and the New York Mets have been waiting for a big hit . Jay Bruce and Wilmer Flores hit back - to - back home runs in the third inning , and the New York Mets held on for a 4 - 2 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Neil Walker hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Josh Bell added a solo shot in the third for the Mets , who have won five of six . Jay Bruce hit a solo homer in the second inning , and Wilmer Flores added a solo shot in the fourth for the Mets . Gsellman ( 4 - 3 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . Addison Reed worked the final two innings for his eighth save in nine chances . Tyler Glasnow ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs and five hits in five innings for the Pirates . He walked three and struck out five . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring groundout by Michael Conforto and a run - scoring groundout by Gregory Polanco . Walker hit a two - run homer in the first and Flores added a solo shot in the third to give the Mets a 3 - 2 lead . Flores led off the fourth with a drive into the second deck in right field . It was his second of the season and second in two days . It was the first home run allowed by Glasnow this season . Glasnow ( 2 - 5 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Carlos Beltran and the Houston Astros did n't need much offense . Beltran hit a solo homer and drove in three runs , Elvis Andrus had three hits and three RBI and the Astros beat the Texas Rangers 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Beltran hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the third . He also had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Andrus had three hits , including a two - run double in the fifth that gave the Astros a 4 - 1 lead . Andrus had three hits , including a two - run double in the fifth that put Houston ahead 5 - 1 . Carlos Correa had an RBI single in the third , and Elvis Andrus had a two - run double in the fifth to make it 5 - 4 . Altuve had three hits , including a solo homer in the ninth . He had three hits , including a solo homer in the ninth . Chris Devenski ( 4 - 3 ) struck out three in 1 2/3 innings for the win . Ken Giles allowed a run in the ninth before finishing for his 15th save in 16 chances . Houston starter Andrew Cashner ( 2 - 5 ) gave up five runs and 11 hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked one . Texas starter Lance McCullers struck out eight in 4 1/3 innings , allowing four runs , three earned , and six hits . He struck out eight and walked two . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Shin-Soo Choo doubled and scored on a single by Marwin Gonzalez .
MIAMI -- Gio Gonzalez pitched eight innings of one - hit ball to lead the Washington Nationals to a 1 - 0 victory over the Miami Marlins on Friday night . Gonzalez ( 9 - 5 ) allowed one hit in eight innings , striking out five and walking three . The right - hander has won his last three starts and has a 2.66 ERA over that span . Sean Doolittle pitched the ninth for his seventh save in eight chances . Jose Urena ( 9 - 5 ) allowed one run and three hits in eight innings for the Marlins , who have lost three of four . Bryce Harper hit an RBI single in the sixth off Jose Urena ( 9 - 5 ) , who allowed one run and three hits in eight innings . He struck out six , walked one and hit a batter . Gonzalez ( 9 - 5 ) struck out five and walked three in his longest outing of the season . Jarlin Garcia pitched a perfect eighth and Sean Doolittle worked the ninth for his seventh save in eight chances . The Marlins have lost three of their past four games . Miami went 0 - for - 7 with runners in scoring position and stranded 12 runners . The Marlins went 0 for 8 with runners in scoring position and stranded 12 runners . They went 0 for 9 with runners in scoring position . Miami 's Ryan Zimmerman went 0 - for - 4 , ending his career - best hitting streak at 20 games . The Marlins have lost three of four . Miami 's Andrew Stevenson went 0 - for - 4 with a strikeout and is hitless in his past 21 at - bats .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox have been waiting for Matt Davidson to get back in the lineup . Matt Davidson hit a two - run single with two outs in the ninth inning and the Chicago White Sox rallied for a 7 - 6 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night . Osuna ( 3 - 2 ) blew his second save in 30 chances , giving up two runs and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . Osuna ( 3 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . Chris Beck ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . The White Sox trailed 6 - 0 before scoring three runs in the sixth . Russell Martin led off with a home run , and Justin Smoak hit a solo shot in the fourth for a 3 - 0 lead . The Blue Jays scored three runs in the seventh to take a 6 - 0 lead . Kendrys Morales led off with a double and scored on Kevin Pillar 's single . Sanchez followed with a drive to left - center for his second homer of the season . It was the second time this season the White Sox have hit back - to - back home runs . The Blue Jays scored three runs in the eighth off Ryan Tepera . Sanchez hit a two - run homer off Joe Biagini in the eighth to cut it to 6 - 4 . Sanchez hit a two - run homer off Ryan Tepera in the eighth to cut the lead to 5 - 4 . Sanchez hit a two - run homer in the eighth off Ryan Tepera .
TORONTO -- Albert Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first inning , and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Los Angeles Angels 11 - 10 on Tuesday night . Albert Pujols hit two home runs , including a two - run shot in the first inning , and added a solo shot in the sixth for the Angels , who won for the seventh time in eight games . Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added an RBI single in the third . Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the sixth , his first multihomer game of the season and the first multihomer game of his career . Pujols hit a two - run shot off Cesar Valdez in the first and added an RBI single in the third . Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot off Mike Bolsinger in the sixth , his first multihomer game of the season . He also hit a two - run drive in the first inning , a solo shot in the sixth and a solo shot in the sixth . Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the sixth , his first multihomer game of the season . He also hit a two - run drive in the first inning , a solo shot off Cesar Valdez in the sixth , and a solo shot in the sixth . Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the sixth , his first multihomer game of the season . He also hit a two - run drive in the first inning , a solo shot off Mike Bolsinger in the sixth . Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the sixth , his first multihomer game of the season . He also hit a two - run drive in the first inning , a solo shot off Mike Bolsinger in the sixth . Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the sixth , his first multihomer game of the season . Matt Pearce hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Matt Dermody ( 1 - 0 ) , who allowed an unearned run in three innings . Matt Dermody ( 1 - 0 ) pitched three scoreless innings for his first major league win . Bud Norris ( 1 - 4 ) took the loss , allowing four runs and three hits in one - third of an inning .
SAN DIEGO -- Andrew McCutchen hit three home runs and drove in three runs , Gerrit Cole pitched seven strong innings and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the San Diego Padres 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . McCutchen homered three times and drove in three runs , and Jose Osuna had a two - run triple . Cole ( 9 - 7 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings , struck out eight and walked two . The right - hander struck out eight , walked two and hit a batter . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Padres have lost six of seven . Clayton Richard ( 5 - 12 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out five and walked two . McCutchen hit a solo homer in the ninth off Jose Torres . McCutchen homered off Jose Torres with two outs in the ninth . It was his second career three - homer game . McCutchen hit a solo shot off Jose Torres in the ninth . It was his second career three - homer game . McCutchen hit a solo shot off Jose Torres in the ninth . It was his second career three - homer game . McCutchen hit a solo shot off Jose Torres in the ninth . It was his second career three - homer game . McCutchen hit a solo shot off Jose Torres in the ninth . It was his second career three - homer game . McCutchen hit a solo shot off Jose Torres in the ninth . It was his second career three - homer game . McCutchen hit a solo shot off Jose Torres in the ninth .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Welington Castillo had a career - high four RBI , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Texas Rangers 10 - 6 on Tuesday night . Castillo hit a three - run homer off Martin Perez ( 5 - 9 ) in the fifth inning and added a three - run shot in the fifth to give the Orioles a 9 - 2 lead . It was the first time the Orioles had scored at least eight runs in a game this season . Jonathan Schoop hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Wade Miley ( 5 - 9 ) allowed two runs and four hits in five innings for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Zach Britton got the last two outs for his eighth save in nine chances . Baltimore 's Rougned Odor hit a two - run homer in the eighth and had a two - run shot in the eighth . He also had a two - run shot in the eighth . The Orioles had 14 hits , including three in the fourth , when Castillo hit a two - run homer and Schoop added a two - run shot that made it 9 - 2 . Perez ( 5 - 9 ) allowed eight runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out three , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . The Orioles scored four runs in the fourth to take a 4 - 0 lead . Trey Mancini had a run - scoring single and Schoop followed with a two - run homer to make it 6 - 2 . Castillo 's three - run homer in the fifth gave the Orioles a 9 - 2 lead .
CHICAGO -- Kyle Schwarber and the Chicago Cubs are doing their best to get back on track . Schwarber homered twice and drove in four runs , Jon Lester pitched seven strong innings and the Chicago Cubs beat the Chicago White Sox 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Anthony Rizzo and Willy Rizzo also went deep for the Cubs , who won for the seventh time in nine games . Lester ( 8 - 6 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . Schwarber 's two - run shot in the fourth gave the Cubs a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Schwarber , who hit a two - run shot off Mike Pelfrey ( 3 - 8 ) in the fourth to give the Cubs a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Schwarber , who hit a two - run shot in the fourth to give the Cubs a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Schwarber , who hit a two - run shot in the fourth to give the Cubs a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Schwarber , who hit a two - run shot in the fourth to give the Cubs a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Schwarber , who hit a two - run shot in the fourth to give the Cubs a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of his career . Schwarber 's two - run shot in the fourth gave the Cubs a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Schwarber , who hit a two - run shot in the fourth to give the Cubs a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of his career . Schwarber 's two - run shot in the fourth gave the Cubs a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Schwarber , who hit a two - run shot in the fourth to give Chicago a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of his career . Schwarber 's two - run shot in the fourth gave the Cubs a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Schwarber , who hit a two - run shot in the fourth to give Chicago a 3 - 1 lead .
SEATTLE -- Chris Sale has been the Boston Red Sox all season . Sale pitched three - hit ball over seven innings , Sandy Leon hit a two - run homer and the Red Sox beat the Seattle Mariners 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Sale ( 13 - 4 ) allowed three hits , struck out 11 and walked one in seven innings . Craig Kimbrel got the final two outs for his 25th save . Rafael Devers homered and Mitch Moreland had a sacrifice fly for the Red Sox , who have won four of five . Seattle starter Andrew Moore ( 1 - 3 ) allowed four runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . Seattle 's Andrew Benintendi extended his hitting streak to a career - high 13 games with a single in the first . He was replaced by Danny Valencia . Andrew Benintendi went 1 - for - 4 with a double in his return to the lineup after missing the previous two games with a sore right shoulder . He was 1 for 4 with a double and a double . Seattle starter Andrew Moore ( 1 - 3 ) allowed four runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . Seattle 's Andrew Benintendi extended his hitting streak to a career - high 13 games with a single in the first . He was replaced by pinch - runner Kyle Seager , who had singled in his first at - bat of the season . Boston 's Hanley Ramirez was hit by a pitch leading off the second inning . He was hit by a pitch , stole second and scored on Mitch Moreland 's sacrifice fly .
NEW YORK -- The New York Yankees are on their longest winning streak of the season . Adam Duvall hit a three - run homer , Todd Frazier added a solo shot and the New York Yankees beat the Cincinnati Reds 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Luis Severino ( 7 - 4 ) struck out nine in seven innings for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Didi Gregorius hit a two - run homer for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Homer Bailey ( 2 - 5 ) gave up seven runs -- five earned -- and 10 hits in six - plus innings . He walked one and did n't strike out a batter for the first time in five starts this season . Clint Frazier hit a two - out RBI single in the third , and Clint Frazier followed with a run - scoring single to make it 2 - 0 . Chase Headley added an RBI single in the sixth and Ronald Torreyes hit a run - scoring grounder in the seventh for a 6 - 2 lead . Duvall hit a three - run homer off Luis Cessa in the eighth to make it 9 - 5 . Duvall hit a three - run shot off Luis Cessa in the eighth to make it 9 - 5 . It was Duvall 's 14th homer of the season and second in two days . The Reds have won five of six and have the best record in the majors at 21 - 11 . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Reds have lost six of seven .
NEW YORK -- The New York Yankees are on their longest winning streak since a seven - game run in June . Jordan Montgomery pitched two - hit ball into the seventh inning , Didi Gregorius hit a solo homer and the Yankees beat the Cincinnati Reds 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Montgomery ( 7 - 5 ) allowed one run and two hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Aroldis Chapman pitched a perfect ninth for his 12th save in 14 chances . The Yankees have won five of six and are a major league - best 19 - 8 since the All-Star break . Luis Castillo ( 1 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings for the Reds , who have lost four of five . The Reds have lost five of six and are 2 - 7 against the Yankees this season . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Reds have lost five of six and are 2 - 7 against the Yankees this season . The Reds have lost six of seven . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Reds have lost five of six and are 2 - 7 against the Yankees this season . They 've lost six of their last seven . They have lost six of their last seven games and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . They 've lost six of their last seven games and are 2 - 7 against the Yankees this season . They 've lost six of their last seven . They have lost six of their last seven games and are 2 - 7 against the Yankees this season .
DETROIT -- Mike Moustakas and Salvador Perez hit back - to - back home runs in the 12th inning , and the Kansas City Royals beat the Detroit Tigers 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Mike Moustakas hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly in the fourth , and Salvador Perez led off the 12th with a homer off Drew VerHagen ( 0 - 1 ) . Moustakas hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth , and Salvador Perez led off the 12th with a homer to right off Drew McCarthy . It was the first home run allowed by VerHagen this season . Moustakas hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth to give the Royals a 2 - 0 lead . Jorge Bonifacio led off the sixth with a home run , and Alex Avila 's two - out , two - run single in the sixth made it 3 - all . Jakob Junis ( 3 - 2 ) pitched a perfect 10th inning for the win . Kelvin Herrera pitched the 12th for his 20th save . Verlander allowed three runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked two . Detroit 's Justin Verlander allowed three runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked two . Detroit 's Jason Hammel gave up three runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Tigers took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth . Lorenzo Cain led off with a double and scored on Miguel Cabrera 's single . Alex Avila followed with a two - run single to make it 2 - 0 . The Royals tied it in the sixth on a two - run homer by Salvador Perez , but the Royals tied it in the bottom half on Moustakas ' sacrifice fly .
CINCINNATI -- The Cincinnati Reds are on their longest winning streak of the season . Scooter Gennett hit a tiebreaking homer in the sixth inning , Sal Romano pitched six solid innings and the Reds beat the Miami Marlins 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Billy Hamilton had three hits , including an RBI single , and A. J. Ellis homered for the Reds , who have won four of five . Cincinnati has won five of six . Romano ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Reds have won four of their last five games . The Marlins have won five of their last six games . They 've won four of their last five games . The Marlins have won four of their last five games . Tom Koehler ( 1 - 5 ) gave up nine hits and six runs -- five earned -- in 5 2/3 innings for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Scooter Gennett hit a solo homer and drove in two runs for the Marlins , who have lost three of four . Miami has won four of five . The Marlins have lost six of seven . They 've won four of their last five . The Marlins have won four of their last five games . The Marlins have won four of their last five games . The Marlins have lost six of their last seven games . The Marlins have lost six of their last seven games . The Marlins have lost six of their last seven games . The Marlins have lost six of their last seven games . The Marlins have lost six of their last seven .
PHOENIX -- Stephen Strasburg did n't pitch in the majors for the first time in his career . The right - hander pitched two scoreless innings in his first start of the season , and the Washington Nationals beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Strasburg allowed one hit in two scoreless innings , striking out two and walking three . The Nationals scored four runs in the first inning off Robbie Ray ( 9 - 5 ) , who gave up five runs -- four earned -- and six hits in five innings . He struck out four , walked two and threw two wild pitches . Joe Blanton ( 1 - 2 ) got two outs in the seventh for the win . Sean Goodwin led off the game with a home run , and Wilmer Difo hit a solo shot in the seventh for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Strasburg was lifted for a pinch hitter in the fifth inning after 51 pitches because of a blister on his right middle finger . He allowed one hit and three walks while striking out two . The Diamondbacks scored four runs in the first inning off Robbie Ray ( 9 - 5 ) , who allowed five runs , four earned , and six hits in five innings . He struck out four , walked two and threw two wild pitches . The Diamondbacks took a 4 - 0 lead in the first inning on a run - scoring single by Anthony Rendon and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Ryan Zimmerman . Goodwin 's home run was his fourth of the season and second in two games . The Diamondbacks added a run in the third on a sacrifice fly by Adrian Sanchez .
BALTIMORE -- The Houston Astros are on their longest winning streak of the season . Jonathan Schoop and Yuli Gurriel hit two - run homers , Alex Bregman and Marwin Gonzalez also went deep and the Astros beat the Baltimore Orioles 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Astros trailed 4 - 1 in the sixth before rallying against Darren O'Day ( 1 - 3 ) , who gave up three runs and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . O'Day ( 1 - 3 ) gave up three runs , three hits and two walks in two - thirds of an inning . Francis ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and four hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Francis allowed four runs , four earned , and four hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Baltimore starter Chris Tillman gave up three runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Alex Bregman homered for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the fifth when Manny Machado hit a two - out single and Schoop followed with a two - run shot to center . It was the first home run allowed by Tillman in three starts this season . Gonzalez led off the bottom half with a drive to center , and Gurriel followed with a two - run shot to make it 6 - 4 .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are on their longest winning streak of the season . Chase Utley and Corey Seager homered , Rich Hill pitched into the seventh inning and the Dodgers beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hill ( 7 - 4 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings , struck out eight and walked two . The right - hander struck out eight and walked two . Chase Utley and Chris Taylor homered for the Dodgers , who have lost three of four . Julio Teheran ( 7 - 8 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Matt Kemp 's two - out RBI single . The Dodgers tied it 2 - all in the fifth on Freddie Freeman 's run - scoring groundout and Yasiel Puig 's two - out single . The Dodgers tied the game 2 - all in the sixth on a two - run homer by Taylor Taylor , his second of the season . The Dodgers tied it 2 - all in the fifth on a two - out RBI single by Matt Kemp . The Dodgers tied the game 2 - all in the fifth on a two - out RBI single by Matt Kemp , who was thrown out trying to stretch his hit into a double . The Dodgers tied the game 2 - all in the sixth on a run - scoring single by Yasiel Puig and a run - scoring groundout by Freddie Freeman . The Braves tied the game 2 - all in the sixth on a two - run homer by Seager .
CINCINNATI -- Jose Urena and the Miami Marlins finally got a win . Urena pitched six innings of three - hit ball , Christian Yelich drove in two runs and the Miami Marlins beat the Cincinnati Reds 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Urena ( 8 - 4 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings , striking out four and walking two . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 3.78 ERA in his last five starts . The Marlins have won five of their last six games . The Marlins have lost six of seven . Homer Bailey ( 2 - 4 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out three . Ramos pitched a perfect ninth for his 18th save in 21 chances . The Marlins have won five of their last six games . Christian Yelich had a run - scoring groundout in the third , and Billy Hamilton drove in a run with a sacrifice fly in the third . The Marlins had a chance to add to their lead in the seventh . Scott Schebler drew a leadoff walk , stole second and went to third on catcher Tucker Barnhart 's throwing error , but Urena struck out Derek Dietrich and Joey Votto to end the threat . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Marcell Ozuna 's bases - loaded infield single . The Marlins got a run back in the third on Billy Hamilton 's sacrifice fly . Giancarlo Stanton led off the third with a double and scored on Dee Gordon 's single to center . The Marlins took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Yelich 's RBI groundout .
CHICAGO -- The St. Louis Cardinals ' 11 - 4 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Friday night was their biggest comeback of the season . The Cardinals have won five of six and are a half - game ahead of St. Louis for the second NL wild - card spot . Jake Arrieta allowed two runs and five hits in six innings for St. Louis . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Willson Contreras hit a two - run homer and Dexter Fowler had three hits and drove in a run for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Matt Bowman ( 2 - 3 ) got the final out in the seventh for the win . Carl Edwards Jr. ( 3 - 2 ) walked Jedd Gyorko with the bases loaded to force in a run in the eighth . Carson Kelly followed with a two - run double and Paul DeJong hit a two - run double to give St. Louis a 5 - 3 lead . Randal Grichuk added a two - run double and Carson Kelly hit a two - run double . Albert Almora Jr. 's sacrifice fly in the ninth gave Chicago a 4 - 3 lead . Justin Grimm allowed two runs and three hits in two - plus innings . He walked three and struck out two . Zach Duke got two outs in the eighth and Hector Rondon gave up a two - run single to Carson Kelly in the bottom half , and Albert Almora Jr. 's sacrifice fly made it 9 - 3 . Cubs starter Carlos Martinez allowed three runs -- two earned -- and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one .
PHILADELPHIA -- Aaron Nola pitched like the ace the Philadelphia Phillies needed . Nola pitched seven strong innings and Freddy Galvis hit a two - run homer to lead the Phillies to a 6 - 1 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Nola ( 7 - 6 ) allowed one run and five hits , striking out nine in seven innings . The right - hander is 2 - 0 in his last four starts . The Phillies have won four straight and five of six . Brett Phillips hit a solo homer in the second inning for the Brewers , who have lost five of six . Matt Garza ( 4 - 5 ) gave up two runs and three hits in five - plus innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Phillies have lost four of five . Galvis hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Tommy Joseph added a two - run double in the sixth to give the Brewers a 4 - 1 lead . Galvis hit a sacrifice fly in the sixth to make it 6 - 1 . Garza allowed two runs and three hits in five - plus innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Phillies have lost four of five . Nola gave up four runs and four hits in one - third of an inning . He struck out nine and walked two . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 1 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . The Brewers have lost five of six and are 2 - 7 since the All-Star break .
NEW YORK -- Michael Conforto and the New York Mets are on a roll . Conforto hit a pair of two - run homers , Marcus Semien had a career - high four hits and the New York Mets beat the Oakland Athletics 7 - 5 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight win . Conforto hit a two - run shot in the third inning and added a two - run shot in the seventh to give New York a 7 - 3 lead . Semien had a career - high four hits and drove in two runs for the Mets , who have won four of five . T. J. Rivera had two hits and two RBI for the A 's . Hansel Robles ( 5 - 1 ) struck out two in a scoreless inning for the win . Jerry Blevins got five outs for his first save . Paul Blackburn ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs , four earned , and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out one and walked one . Conforto hit a two - run homer in the third and a two - run shot in the seventh that gave the Mets a 7 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Conforto , who hit a two - run drive in the third inning and a two - run homer in the seventh that gave the Mets a 7 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Conforto , who hit a two - run drive in the third inning and a two - run homer in the seventh that gave the Mets a 7 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Conforto , who hit a two - run drive in the third inning and a two - run homer in the seventh that gave the Mets a 7 - 3 lead .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox have been waiting for Drew Pomeranz . Pomeranz pitched three - hit ball into the seventh inning , Dustin Pedroia drove in three runs and the Red Sox beat the Toronto Blue Jays 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Pomeranz ( 10 - 4 ) allowed an unearned run and three hits in 6 2/3 innings , walking five and striking out three . Cesar Valdez and Ben Stroman each pitched a scoreless inning for the Red Sox , who took two of three from the Blue Jays . Cesar Valdez , Toronto 's Aaron Sanchez ( 1 - 3 ) , allowed five runs -- three earned -- and six hits in four innings . He walked five and struck out two . Pedroia had a two - run single in the second , and Deven Marrero hit a two - run single in the second . Pedroia had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Jose Bautista and a run - scoring double by Jackie Bradley Jr. , who extended his hitting streak to a career - high 11 games . Pedroia had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . The Red Sox scored four runs in the fifth . Mookie Betts drew a leadoff walk , stole second and scored on Marrero 's two - out single to center . Pedroia had an RBI single in the fourth and a run - scoring single in the fifth . Marrero 's two - run single in the second made it 5 - 0 .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros have n't been able to find a way to get back in the AL West race . Mike Fiers had a career - high 11 strikeouts in seven innings , Nori Aoki hit a go - ahead two - run double and the Astros beat the Minnesota Twins 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Fiers ( 6 - 4 ) allowed two runs and four hits with a season - high 11 strikeouts in seven innings . The right - hander struck out a season - high 11 and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Kennys Vargas and Ehire Adrianza homered for the Twins , who have lost five of six . Kyle Gibson ( 5 - 8 ) allowed six hits and four runs with four walks in six innings for the Twins , who have lost five of six . The Twins have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place Chicago White Sox in the AL Central . The Twins have lost six of seven . Minnesota took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out , two - run double by Norichika Aoki . The Twins tied it at 1 - 1 in the second on an RBI single by Jake Marisnick . The Twins tied it at 1 - 1 in the second when Marwin Gonzalez walked , stole second base and scored on a single by Norichika Aoki . The Twins tied it in the fourth when Alex Bregman walked , stole second and scored on a two - out single by Jake Marisnick . The Astros added a run in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Max Kepler .
MILWAUKEE -- Travis Shaw has been waiting for the Milwaukee Brewers this season . Travis Shaw hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth inning and the Brewers beat the Philadelphia Phillies 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Travis Shaw hit a tiebreaking solo homer in the eighth inning , and Hernan Perez also went deep for the Brewers , who have won three of four . Milwaukee has won four of five . The Phillies have lost four of five . Milwaukee starter Jimmy Nelson allowed two runs and three hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out nine and walked two . Jacob Barnes ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Corey Knebel pitched the ninth for his 16th save in 18 chances . Joaquin Benoit ( 1 - 4 ) took the loss . The Phillies have lost four of five . Odubel Herrera hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Milwaukee starter Aaron Nola allowed two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Milwaukee tied it at 1 in the fifth on Ty Kelly 's sacrifice fly . Milwaukee tied it in the bottom half on Eric Thames ' RBI double . Milwaukee tied it in the bottom of the inning on Ty Kelly 's sacrifice fly . Milwaukee tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Nick Williams . Milwaukee tied it in the bottom half on Jonathan Villar 's two - out single . Milwaukee tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Ty Kelly . Milwaukee tied it in the bottom of the inning on a sacrifice fly by Ty Kelly .
DETROIT -- J. D. Martinez hit a grand slam and drove in five runs , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Toronto Blue Jays 11 - 1 on Tuesday night . Miguel Cabrera and Nicholas Castellanos also homered for the Tigers . Michael Fulmer ( 10 - 6 ) allowed one run and two hits in eight innings . He struck out three and walked one . Detroit 's Francisco Liriano ( 5 - 5 ) gave up five runs and three hits in two - plus innings . He walked four and struck out two . Martinez hit a three - run homer in the eighth off Aaron Loup to make it 11 - 1 . Martinez hit a three - run homer in the eighth off Aaron Loup to make it 11 - 1 . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the sixth to make it 11 - 1 . It was Cabrera 's fourth homer of the season and second in two days . Martinez hit a three - run homer in the eighth , and Cabrera added a two - run shot off Aaron Loup in the eighth . Martinez hit a three - run homer off Aaron Loup in the eighth . It was the first grand slam of the season for Martinez , who hit a three - run homer in the ninth inning of Tuesday 's 3 - 2 win over the New York Yankees . Martinez hit a three - run homer in the eighth to make it 11 - 1 . It was Martinez 's first career grand slam , and Cabrera added a two - run shot off Aaron Loup in the eighth . Martinez hit a three - run homer off Aaron Loup in the eighth .
ATLANTA -- Freddie Freeman and the Atlanta Braves have been waiting for the Arizona Diamondbacks . Freeman hit a tiebreaking solo homer in the seventh inning and the Braves beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Freeman 's homer off Archie Bradley ( 3 - 2 ) in the seventh gave the Braves a 2 - 1 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Bradley , who gave up five hits and two runs in six innings . Rex Brothers ( 1 - 0 ) got one out for the win . Jim Johnson pitched a perfect ninth for his 20th save . Paul Goldschmidt homered and Matt Kemp had an RBI single for the Diamondbacks , who have lost five of six . The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . Arizona 's Taijuan Walker gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Matt Kemp 's two - out RBI single . The Diamondbacks tied it at 1 in the sixth . Brandon Phillips led off with a single , stole second and scored on Matt Kemp 's two - out single to center . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Daniel Descalso , who was 3 - for - 4 with a run - scoring single . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Goldschmidt 's 21st homer , a two - out shot to left field . Atlanta tied it at 1 in the sixth when Inciarte led off with a double and scored on Matt Kemp 's single .
PHILADELPHIA -- Freddy Galvis hit a pair of two - run homers and drove in three runs to lead the Philadelphia Phillies to a 7 - 1 victory over the San Diego Padres on Friday night . Nick Williams and Odubel Herrera also homered for the Phillies . Jerad Eickhoff ( 1 - 7 ) struck out eight in five scoreless innings to earn his first win since July 29 , 2011 . He struck out eight , walked one and hit a batter . Trevor Cahill ( 3 - 3 ) allowed four runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Cameron Rupp homered for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Padres starter Phil Maton gave up two runs and two hits in the seventh , including Aaron Altherr 's solo homer in the seventh . Phil Maton ( 1 - 1 ) pitched the ninth for the win . The Phillies have lost five of six . The Phillies have lost five of six . The Phillies have lost five of six . The Phillies have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost six of seven .
DENVER -- Tim Anderson 's first home run of the season helped the Chicago White Sox end a four - game losing streak with a 5 - 4 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Tim McGee came on in the ninth inning and gave up a solo homer to Tim Anderson in the ninth . Tommy Kahnle ( 1 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . David Robertson pitched the ninth for his 13th save in 14 chances . Nolan Arenado hit a two - run homer and Yolmer Sanchez had a two - run triple for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Colorado starter Jeff Hoffman allowed four runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out two and walked two . Chicago starter Jose Quintana struck out a career - high 10 in 5 1/3 innings , allowing three runs and five hits . He struck out 10 and walked two . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a run - scoring single by Yolmer Sanchez and a run - scoring single by Kevan Smith . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Arenado and a two - run shot by Arenado . Chicago took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Kevan Smith and a sacrifice fly by Kevan Smith . The Rockies tied it in the fourth on Gerardo Parra 's sacrifice fly and Arenado 's two - run homer . Colorado tied it in the fourth when Charlie Blackmon singled , stole second and scored on Kevan Smith 's two - out single . Quintana struck out 10 in 5 1/3 innings .
PHOENIX -- Luis Castillo 's first start of the season helped the Cincinnati Reds end a three - game losing streak . Castillo pitched three - hit ball into the seventh inning , Joey Votto hit a two - run homer and the Reds beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7 - 0 on Tuesday night . Castillo ( 1 - 1 ) allowed three hits , walked one and struck out a season - high eight in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Scooter Gennett hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Reds , who have won four of five . Walker ( 6 - 4 ) allowed five runs , five earned , and five hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked three . Jorge De La Rosa gave up Tucker Barnhart 's solo homer in the ninth . Jorge De La Rosa gave up two runs and two hits , walked two and struck out one in one - plus inning of relief . Jorge De La Rosa gave up two runs and two hits in one inning . He walked two and struck out one . Votto 's sacrifice fly in the ninth made it 7 - 0 . Votto 's sacrifice fly in the ninth made it 7 - 0 . Hamilton stole second and scored on Hamilton 's single to make it 7 - 0 . Jorge De La Rosa gave up two runs and two hits in the ninth . He struck out the side in the ninth . Votto hit a sacrifice fly in the ninth off Reds reliever Wandy Peralta to make it 7 - 0 . Votto 's sacrifice fly in the ninth made it 7 - 0 .
TORONTO -- Josh Donaldson and the Toronto Blue Jays are on a roll . Donaldson hit a three - run homer , Troy Tulowitzki added a three - run shot and the Blue Jays beat the Houston Astros 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Donaldson hit a three - run shot off Mike Fiers ( 5 - 4 ) in the fifth inning and added a three - run shot off Chris Devenski in the seventh . Donaldson hit a three - run homer off Chris Devenski in the seventh , and Marwin Gonzalez added a solo shot in the ninth . Stroman ( 9 - 5 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings to win for the first time in four starts . The right - hander struck out six and walked three . The Blue Jays have won 10 of their past 13 games against the Astros , who have lost six of seven . Mike Fiers ( 5 - 4 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out six . Donaldson hit a three - run homer off Mike Biagini in the fifth , and Tulowitzki added a three - run shot off Chris Devenski in the seventh . It was the first time this season the Blue Jays have hit back - to - back homers . Justin Smoak added an RBI double in the seventh , and Donaldson hit a three - run homer off Joe Biagini in the seventh . Donaldson hit a three - run shot off Chris Devenski in the fifth , his 19th , and Tulowitzki added a three - run shot off Joe Biagini in the seventh . It was the fourth time this season the Blue Jays have hit back - to - back homers . Donaldson hit a three - run shot off Stroman in the fifth . It was the first homer allowed by Stroman this season . Stroman ( 9 - 5 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out six .
TORONTO -- The Toronto Blue Jays have n't been able to find a way to get back to .500 . Jose Altuve had three hits and drove in two runs , Josh Donaldson had two hits and two RBI and the Blue Jays beat the Houston Astros 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Blue Jays have won four of five . Houston 's Lance McCullers ( 7 - 2 ) allowed six runs -- five earned -- and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . Jose Altuve had three hits and drove in two runs for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Francisco Liriano ( 5 - 4 ) allowed three runs and nine hits in six innings to win for the first time in four starts . Roberto Osuna pitched the ninth for his 22nd save in 26 chances . Lance McCullers ( 7 - 2 ) allowed six runs , five earned , and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . Marwin Gonzalez hit a solo homer in the second , his third of the season , and Alex Bregman had three hits for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Houston took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Troy Tulowitzki , but the Blue Jays answered in the bottom half on Altuve 's RBI single . The Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half on Donaldson 's two - out , two - run single . Toronto answered in the bottom half when Martin hit a two - out , two - run single and Altuve followed with an RBI single .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Pittsburgh Pirates are starting to feel good about themselves . Josh Bell hit a two - run homer , Chad Kuhl pitched six effective innings and the Pirates beat the Philadelphia Phillies 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Gregory Polanco went 4 - for - 4 with a homer and drove in two runs for the Pirates . Chad Kuhl ( 3 - 5 ) allowed three runs and six hits in seven innings for the Pirates , who have won six of seven . Juan Benoit ( 1 - 3 ) gave up three runs and four hits in two - thirds of an inning . Juan Nicasio pitched a perfect ninth for his first save . Andrew McCutchen had three hits and scored twice for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Bell had three hits and scored two runs for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Bell had three hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth that put Pittsburgh ahead 3 - 1 . Bell hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Pirates a 3 - 1 lead . Bell hit a two - run homer in the eighth to give the Pirates a 6 - 3 lead . It was the first extra - base hit of the game for Bell , who hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning Friday night to give the Pirates a 6 - 4 win . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a wild pitch by Jeremy Hellickson , who allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Bell 's two - run homer .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Jose Berrios gave up a pair of runs in the fourth inning , and the Minnesota Twins got the win . Mark Trumbo hit a two - run homer , Jose Berrios pitched six innings and the Twins beat Dylan Bundy and the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Berrios ( 8 - 2 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Brandon Kintzler pitched the ninth for his 23rd save . Dylan Bundy ( 8 - 8 ) gave up six runs and five hits in five innings for the Orioles , who have lost five of six . Dylan Bundy gave up a two - run homer to Mark Trumbo in the second inning and a two - run single by Miguel Sano in the third . The Twins scored three times in the third to take a 6 - 2 lead . Eduardo Escobar hit a two - run triple and scored on a fielder 's choice by Jorge Polanco to make it 6 - 2 . Max Kepler 's two - run single in the bottom half made it 6 - 2 and chased Bundy , who allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . The Twins took a 6 - 2 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Hyun_Soo Kim and a run - scoring groundout by Jorge Polanco . The Orioles took a 6 - 2 lead in the third on an RBI single by Paul Janish and a run - scoring groundout by Jorge Polanco . Baltimore took a 6 - 2 lead in the third on a two - run homer by Trumbo .
MILWAUKEE -- Jimmy Nelson has a strong start to the Milwaukee Brewers ' rotation . Nelson allowed an unearned run in seven innings , Eric Thames homered twice and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Nelson ( 7 - 4 ) allowed an unearned run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked none . Nelson ( 7 - 4 ) gave up a two - run homer to Stephen Vogt in the second inning and a solo shot to Jonathan Schoop in the seventh . He struck out eight and did not walk a batter for the second time this season . The right - hander struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The right - hander struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Orioles have lost five of their last six games . The Orioles have lost four of five . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 3 - 4 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Thames homered off Tyler Wilson in the seventh to make it 6 - 1 . Thames added a solo shot in the ninth off Carlos Torres . It was the first home run allowed by Carlos Torres this season , and the second time this season the Brewers have hit back - to - back home runs . Travis Shaw hit a solo home run in the fifth for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Thames hit a solo homer in the fifth and Thames added a solo shot in the seventh .
CLEVELAND -- The Cleveland Indians have been waiting for the Cleveland Indians to get back to .500 . Corey Kluber struck out 10 in eight innings , and the San Diego Padres beat the Cleveland Indians 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Kluber ( 7 - 3 ) allowed one run and five hits in eight innings . He struck out 10 and walked one . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Padres have lost five of six and are 1 - 4 since the All-Star break . Cory Spangenberg hit a two - out RBI single in the fifth for the Indians , who have lost five of six . Brandon Maurer pitched a perfect ninth for his 17th save in 19 chances . The Indians have lost six of seven . Cleveland 's Trevor Cahill allowed four hits and struck out four in 4 1/3 scoreless innings . The right - hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts . The right - hander allowed four hits , walked two and struck out four . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 7.16 ERA in his last six starts . The Indians have lost six of seven . Cleveland 's Carlos Santana extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first . He was 0 - for - 4 in his return to the lineup after missing two games because of a sore right shoulder . Carlos Santana had two hits , extending his hitting streak to a career - high 14 games . Carlos Santana had two hits and scored a run for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Jose Buchter ( 5 - 2 ) got the final two outs in the eighth .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Seattle Mariners are on their longest winning streak of the season . James Paxton pitched two - hit ball into the seventh inning , Jean Segura had a career - high four hits and the Mariners beat the Los Angeles Angels 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Paxton ( 6 - 3 ) allowed one run and two hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Edwin Diaz got four outs for his 13th save . Jesse Chavez ( 5 - 9 ) gave up two runs and four hits in five innings for the Angels . He walked two and struck out three . Cano hit a three - run homer off Keynan Middleton in the eighth to give the Mariners a 5 - 1 lead . Cano hit a three - run homer off Nick Vincent in the eighth to give the Mariners a 5 - 1 lead . Yunel Escobar had a run - scoring single in the eighth and Nick Franklin added an RBI single in the eighth . Cano hit a three - run homer off Keynan Middleton in the eighth to give the Mariners a 5 - 1 lead . It was the first home run allowed by the Angels this season . Cano hit a three - run shot off Keynan Middleton in the eighth to give the Mariners a 5 - 1 lead . It was the first home run allowed by the Angels this season . It was the fourth time this season the Mariners have hit back - to - back home runs . Cano hit a three - run homer in the eighth inning to give the Mariners a 5 - 1 lead . It was Cano 's 14th home run of the season .
MIAMI -- Ben Lively pitched effectively into the seventh inning , and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Miami Marlins 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Lively ( 2 - 5 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Lively gave up two runs and five hits in four innings . He struck out five , walked one and hit a batter . Hector Despaigne ( 0 - 2 ) allowed three runs and five hits in four innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Phillies scored three runs in the fourth to take a 3 - 1 lead . Pedro Florimon hit an RBI single and Christian Yelich followed with a run - scoring double . Dee Gordon had three hits and scored a run for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Miami took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Pedro Florimon and a run - scoring double by Miguel Rojas . The Marlins tied the game in the bottom of the inning on a two - base throwing error by third baseman Cesar Hernandez . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Maikel Franco walked and scored on a single by Freddy Galvis . The Marlins tied it in the bottom half on a run - scoring double by Pedro Florimon and a run - scoring double by Marcell Ozuna . Miami took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on an RBI double by Pedro Florimon and a run - scoring double by Pedro Florimon . The Marlins took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on RBI singles by Pedro Florimon and Yelich .
PHILADELPHIA -- R. A. Dickey 's knuckleball was n't a problem for the Atlanta Braves . Ender Inciarte had a career - high five hits and drove in four runs , R. A. Dickey pitched eight strong innings and the Braves beat the Philadelphia Phillies 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Freddie Freeman hit a two - run homer and Nick Markakis added an RBI double for the Braves . Dickey ( 9 - 8 ) allowed one run and seven hits , striking out nine and walking one . He also hit an RBI single in the fifth , and the Braves scored six runs in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third , a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . He added an RBI single in the fifth to make it 9 - 0 . Eickhoff ( 4 - 8 ) allowed six runs and six hits in two - plus innings . He walked one and struck out one . The Phillies jumped on Eickhoff for eight runs in the first inning . Brandon Phillips hit an RBI single and Inciarte followed with a two - run single to make it 8 - 0 . Inciarte had an RBI single in the fifth .
TORONTO -- The Boston Red Sox have been waiting for Chris Sale to come off the disabled list . Sale pitched seven innings of three - hit ball , Eduardo Nunez hit an RBI double and the Red Sox beat the Toronto Blue Jays 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Sale ( 15 - 6 ) allowed three hits in seven innings , struck out 11 and walked none . Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth for his 31st save . Brett Anderson ( 2 - 3 ) allowed one run and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked none and struck out three . Hanley Ramirez hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . Toronto 's Andrew Benintendi went 2 - for - 4 with a pair of stolen bases for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Andrew Osuna pitched a perfect eighth and Craig Kimbrel finished for his 31st save in 34 chances . Toronto 's Rajai Davis had two hits , stole two bases and stole two bases . He stole two bases and scored twice , stole two bases and scored twice . Toronto 's Eduardo Nunez hit an RBI double in the sixth , but the Blue Jays lost for the seventh time in their past eight games . Blue Jays right - hander Dominic Leone struck out the first two batters in the seventh , then gave up a single to Kendrys Morales and walked Justin Smoak to load the bases . Tepera came on and got Nunez to ground into a fielder 's choice , ending the inning .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- C. J. Cron and Matt Olson hit back - to - back home runs in the second inning , and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Oakland Athletics 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Matt Olson and Martin Maldonado also homered for the Angels , who have won four of five . Jesse Chavez ( 7 - 10 ) pitched four innings of one - hit ball for the Angels , who have won four of five . Cron hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the eighth for his first multi - homer game of the season . Matt Olson and Martin Maldonado also went deep for the Angels , who have won four of five . Oakland starter Chris Smith ( 0 - 4 ) was charged with seven runs -- six earned -- and five hits in 3 2/3 innings . He struck out one , walked two and hit a batter . Cron hit a two - out , two - run homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the eighth . Cron added a solo homer in the eighth for the Angels , who have won four of five . Cron hit his second homer of the game , a solo shot in the eighth . It was the first multi - homer game of his career , and Cron added a two - out RBI single in the fourth to give the Angels a 7 - 2 lead . Martin Maldonado homered for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Oakland 's Troy Scribner gave up two runs and four hits in 2 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out two .
TORONTO -- Christian Vazquez had a career - high four hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in two runs as the Boston Red Sox beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Vazquez ( 14 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six - plus innings , walking five and striking out four . Addison Reed pitched a perfect eighth and Craig Kimbrel got the final three outs for his 30th save . Justin Smoak hit a two - run homer in the ninth for the Blue Jays , who have lost five of six . Eduardo Nunez homered for the second straight game for the Blue Jays , who have lost three of four . Toronto 's Marcus Stroman allowed two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Toronto took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run double by Kendrys Morales and a run - scoring single by Mitch Moreland . Nunez led off the third with a home run , his fifth , and Vazquez followed with a two - run shot to left , his 14th . Boston cut it to 6 - 3 in the seventh on a run - scoring single by Mitch Moreland and a run - scoring single by Ryan Goins . Vazquez allowed three runs and seven hits in a season - low six innings . He walked two and struck out four . Boston 's Hanley Ramirez had two hits , extending his hitting streak to a career - high 11 games . He is hitting .361 over his past 14 games .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres have n't been able to do much this season . Jeff Samardzija threw a three - hitter and Brandon Crawford homered , leading the Giants to a 3 - 0 victory over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night . Samardzija ( 9 - 12 ) allowed three hits , struck out five and did not walk a batter . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Brandon Crawford hit a solo homer in the fourth for San Francisco . Joe Panik hit a two - run homer off Phil Maton in the eighth . Jhoulys Chacin ( 11 - 10 ) allowed one run and two hits in five innings for San Diego . He walked four and struck out three . San Diego 's Hunter Pence extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first . He was replaced by pinch - runner Jabari Blash , who was replaced by pinch - runner Manuel Margot . Blash was aboard on a two - out single . The Giants have won six of their last seven games . San Francisco 's Phil Maton allowed two runs and three hits in two innings , struck out one and did not walk a batter . San Diego 's Hunter Pence extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first . He was replaced by pinch - runner Jabari Blash , who was replaced by pinch - runner Manuel Margot . Pence extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first . He was replaced by pinch hitter Allen Cordoba , who pinch - hit for Chacin in the eighth . Cordoba was aboard on a leadoff single .
WASHINGTON -- Tanner Roark and the Washington Nationals are on a roll . Roark ( 11 - 8 ) struck out nine in six innings , Brandon Nimmo hit a two - run homer and the Nationals beat the New York Mets 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Roark ( 11 - 8 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . Sean Doolittle gave up a run in the ninth before finishing for his 16th save in 19 chances . Mets starter Hansel Robles ( 7 - 5 ) walked the first three batters he faced to load the bases with one out in the sixth . Robles walked Lind to load the bases , and Juan Lagares hit an RBI double . Adam Lind hit a sacrifice fly , and Brandon Nimmo hit a two - run homer off Erik Roark ( 11 - 8 ) to tie it at 3 . Anthony Rendon had an RBI single in the fourth , and Juan Lagares doubled in a run in the sixth for a 4 - 2 lead . Washington tied it at 3 in the bottom half on a bases - loaded walk to Andrew Stevenson . Reyes had three hits , including an RBI single in the ninth . He had three hits , including a two - run homer in the sixth that put Washington ahead 5 - 2 . The Mets took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth on a bases - loaded walk to Andrew Stevenson and a run - scoring single by Daniel Murphy . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Juan Lagares and a run - scoring single by Michael Taylor .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Kendall Graveman has been a big part of the Oakland Athletics ' pitching staff . Khris Davis homered twice and Kendall Graveman pitched seven strong innings to lead the Oakland Athletics to a 3 - 1 victory over the Texas Rangers on Tuesday night . Graveman ( 4 - 4 ) allowed one run and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Graveman is the first pitcher in Oakland history to win his first four starts of the season . Khris Davis hit two solo home runs for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Nick Martinez ( 3 - 5 ) allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Adrian Beltre 's RBI single . Davis homered in the fourth to tie it at 1 . It was his second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 21 . Davis homered in the bottom of the fourth to tie the game at 1 . It was Davis ' second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 21 . Davis homered in the bottom of the fourth to tie the game at 1 . It was Davis ' second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 21 . Davis homered in the bottom of the fourth to tie the game at 1 . It was Davis ' second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 21 . Davis hit a solo homer in the seventh to make it 2 - 1 .
CLEVELAND -- The Cleveland Indians have been waiting for Mitch Moreland and the Boston Red Sox . Mitch Moreland homered twice and drove in four runs , Yandy Diaz had four hits and the Indians beat the Boston Red Sox 13 - 6 on Tuesday night . Moreland went 3 - for - 4 with a homer and four RBIs , including a two - run homer in the eighth inning that gave the Indians a 13 - 4 lead . Diaz had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth inning that gave the Indians a 13 - 4 lead . Diaz had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth that made it 13 - 6 . Diaz had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth off Blaine Boyer . The Indians , who have won five of six , took a 4 - 0 lead in the second inning against Chris Sale ( 14 - 6 ) . Xander Bogaerts had a two - run triple and Moreland drove in a run with a single to make it 7 - 4 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Blaine Boyer in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Cleveland 's Trevor Bauer ( 13 - 8 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked three . Sale ( 14 - 6 ) gave up seven runs and seven hits in three innings . He walked three and struck out three . Jay Bruce and Francisco Lindor homered for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Boston 's bullpen has allowed two runs or fewer in each of its last seven games . The Red Sox have lost six of seven .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals had a chance in the ninth inning when Eric Hosmer hit a three - run homer with two outs and the bases loaded , and the Kansas City Royals rallied for a 6 - 4 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Eric Hosmer hit a three - run homer with two outs in the ninth off Rockies closer Greg Holland ( 2 - 5 ) , giving the Royals a 6 - 4 victory over the Rockies . Brandon Maurer ( 3 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Nolan Arenado hit a solo home run in the first inning for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Charlie Blackmon had three hits , including a home run , and drove in a run for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Colorado took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Trevor Story 's two - out throwing error . Blackmon led off the third with his 16th home run of the season . The Royals tied it in the second on Lorenzo Cain 's RBI double and Gerardo Parra 's sacrifice fly . DJ LeMahieu had three hits and an RBI for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Rockies starter Ian Kennedy gave up three runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Lorenzo Cain 's RBI double , but the Rockies answered in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Gerardo Parra and a run - scoring double by Lorenzo Cain . The Royals tied it in the bottom half on Blackmon 's two - out solo homer .
BALTIMORE -- The Oakland Athletics are getting contributions from the Baltimore Orioles . Jed Lowrie hit a two - run homer and Khris Davis added a solo shot in the ninth inning to help the A 's beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Ryon Healy hit two home runs , including a two - run shot in the fifth inning , and Manny Machado hit a two - run shot in the sixth off Ubaldo Jimenez ( 5 - 9 ) . Jed Lowrie hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Jonathan Schoop added a two - run single in the eighth for the A 's . Simon ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs and two hits in two - thirds of an inning for his first major league win . Blake Treinen got four outs for his eighth save . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 5 - 9 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in five innings for the Orioles , who have lost five of six . Jimenez yielded five runs and nine hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked one . Baltimore went up 2 - 0 in the first inning when Healy hit a two - run homer and Lowrie followed with a two - run shot to make it 3 - 0 . Healy connected in the fifth for a 5 - 0 lead . It was Healy 's second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 28 , 2011 , against the Yankees . Machado hit a two - run shot in the sixth to make it 5 - 2 . It was the first home run allowed by Jimenez this season . Davis homered off Darren O'Day in the ninth .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Miami Marlins ' 12 - 8 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Friday night gave the Marlins their first three - game winning streak of the season . Dan Straily ( 8 - 8 ) allowed three runs and two hits in six innings to win for the first time in four starts . He struck out a season - high 10 and walked two in six innings . Marcell Ozuna hit a two - run homer for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Aaron Nola ( 9 - 9 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Ichiro Suzuki hit a pinch - hit three - run homer in the ninth for the Phillies , who have lost five of six . Dustin McGowan gave up a two - run homer to J. T. Realmuto and a two - run shot by Andres Blanco in the ninth . Giancarlo Stanton hit a two - run homer for the Phillies , who have lost five of six . Philadelphia has lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place New York Mets in the NL East . The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies scored in the first on a two - run homer by Rhys Hoskins , but the Phillies answered in the bottom half . Miguel Rojas hit a run - scoring groundout and Stanton followed with a two - out double to right to give the Phillies a 3 - 2 lead . Rupp tied it at 3 in the seventh with his second homer of the season .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Blake Snell pitched seven innings of two - hit ball , and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Seattle Mariners 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Snell ( 2 - 6 ) struck out eight , walked two and allowed only two runners to reach second base . He struck out eight and walked two . Adeiny Hechavarria hit a two - run homer off Yovani Gallardo ( 5 - 9 ) in the seventh . Yovani Gallardo ( 5 - 9 ) gave up three runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Kevin Kiermaier hit a leadoff homer in the first inning for the Mariners , who have lost five of six . Alex Colome pitched the ninth for his 36th save in 38 opportunities . The Mariners have lost five of six . Seattle has lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven . Seattle has lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven . Seattle has lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven . Seattle has lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven . Seattle has lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven . Seattle has lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven . Seattle has lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven . Seattle has lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven . Seattle has lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven . Seattle has lost six of seven . The Mariners have lost six of seven .
BALTIMORE -- The Los Angeles Angels are on the verge of being the AL 's second wild - card spot . Cameron Maybin singled in the go - ahead run in the eighth inning and the Los Angeles Angels rallied to beat the Baltimore Orioles 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Kole Calhoun hit a leadoff homer in the second inning and Chris Davis added a solo shot in the third for the Angels , who have won five of six . The Angels have won five of six and are 5 - 1 against the Orioles this season . Jonathan Schoop had three hits , including a two - run single in the sixth inning , and Andrelton Simmons hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore starter Chris Tillman allowed four runs , two earned , and four hits in five - plus innings . He walked a season - high six and struck out two . Cam Bedrosian ( 3 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless sixth inning for the win . Bud Norris worked the ninth for his 19th save . Brad Brach ( 3 - 4 ) took the loss , allowing one run and one hit in 1 1 - 3 innings . Calhoun led off the second inning with a drive to center , and Schoop followed with a two - run single . Schoop followed with a two - run single and Albert Pujols followed with a run - scoring single . Baltimore went up 4 - 1 in the bottom half . Tim Beckham reached on an error by third baseman Manny Machado , and Schoop followed with a two - run single . Schoop followed with a two - run single and Mark Trumbo doubled in a run .
SAN DIEGO -- Washington Nationals manager Davey Johnson was n't surprised to see Edwin Jackson get a win . Jackson pitched seven strong innings , Ryan Zimmerman hit a tiebreaking home run in the eighth inning and the Nationals beat the San Diego Padres 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Jackson ( 4 - 2 ) allowed one run and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . Sean Doolittle pitched a perfect ninth for his 13th save . Kirby Yates ( 2 - 4 ) struck out the side in the ninth for the win . Ryan Zimmerman hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth for the Padres , who have won four of five . Ryan Zimmerman hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth off Phil Maton , who struck out two in a scoreless eighth . Jhoulys Chacin allowed one run and three hits in five innings for the Padres . He walked four and struck out six . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Adam Lind 's sacrifice fly . The Padres tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Jose Pirela . The Padres tied it in the bottom half on Jose Pirela 's two - out RBI single . Washington tied the game at 1 in the third on a two - out RBI single by Jose Pirela . San Diego 's Howie Kendrick led off the third with a double and scored on Jose Pirela 's single . The Padres tied it in the bottom half when Manuel Margot doubled and scored on Jose Pirela 's two - out single . Washington tied it in the eighth on Zimmerman 's homer .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox did n't have a chance to get back into the game . They did n't get a hit until the fifth inning , when they scored six runs in the fifth inning . Dexter Fowler had three hits and drove in two runs , Sandy Leon had a two - run double and the Red Sox beat the St. Louis Cardinals 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . Rick Porcello ( 7 - 14 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Boston bullpen gave up three runs in the sixth , including a two - run double by Carson Kelly and a two - run double by Sandy Leon . Mike Leake ( 7 - 11 ) allowed eight runs on nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . The Cardinals scored a run in the first inning on an RBI single by Xander Bogaerts and a two - run double by Rafael Devers . Hanley Ramirez hit a two - run double and Mitch Moreland had a run - scoring single in the fifth to make it 9 - 0 . Sandy Leon had a two - run double and Carson Kelly had an RBI single for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Cardinals starter Eduardo Rodriguez ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect sixth , striking out the side in the sixth . The Cardinals scored three runs in the sixth to take a 9 - 0 lead . Fowler had three hits , including a two - run double in Boston 's five - run sixth . The Cardinals added three runs in the eighth .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are on their longest winning streak since a seven - game run in June . They have a chance to gain ground on the Chicago White Sox in the NL West . Austin Forsythe hit a go - ahead sacrifice fly in the eighth inning , and the Dodgers beat the Chicago White Sox 6 - 1 on Tuesday night to snap a four - game losing streak . Dodgers starter Alex Wood gave up one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Brandon Morrow ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Juan Minaya ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and one hit in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth . Juan Minaya ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and one hit in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth . Juan Minaya ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and one hit in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth . Juan Minaya ( 1 - 1 ) gave up a two - run single to Joc Pederson in the eighth inning and a two - run single to pinch - hitter Austin Barnes in the eighth to give the Dodgers a 4 - 1 lead . Corey Seager 's two - out , two - run single in the bottom half gave the Dodgers a 1 - 0 lead . The Dodgers tied it in the sixth when Yasmani Grandal led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on a throwing error by catcher Jose Abreu . Yasmani Grandal followed with a single to center , and Pederson followed with a two - run single to give the White Sox a 4 - 1 lead . Dodgers starter Miguel Gonzalez allowed one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked three .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Martin Perez pitched six strong innings , Justin Upton hit a two - run homer and the Texas Rangers beat the Detroit Tigers 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Perez ( 7 - 10 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked one . Perez ( 7 - 10 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked one . Justin Upton hit a two - run homer for the Tigers , who have lost three of four . Michael Fulmer ( 10 - 10 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in five innings for the Tigers , who have lost five of six . Joey Gallo hit his 21st homer for the Tigers , who have lost three of four . Nomar Mazara had three hits for the Tigers , including an RBI single in the first . Odor had three hits and scored three times . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Adrian Beltre and a run - scoring single by Robinson Chirinos . Upton hit a two - run homer in the first , and Nomar Mazara had an RBI single in the fourth to make it 5 - 2 . Robinson Chirinos ' RBI single in the sixth made it 6 - 2 . Odor had three hits and scored three times for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Detroit has lost six of seven . The Tigers have lost six of their last seven games and have lost six of their last seven . Detroit has lost four of five . Detroit has lost six of seven .
LOS ANGELES -- The San Diego Padres are on their longest winning streak of the season . Jose Pirela hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth inning , and the San Diego Padres beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Rich Hill allowed two runs and five hits in six innings , striking out nine and walking three . Jose Stripling ( 1 - 4 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and two hits in two - plus innings . Jose Torres ( 6 - 3 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings for the win . Brad Hand got four outs for his ninth save in 11 chances . The Dodgers took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on Bellinger 's RBI single and a run - scoring single by Cory Spangenberg . The Dodgers tied it in the bottom half on Margot 's second homer of the game , a two - out solo shot to left - center that tied the game at 1 . It was Margot 's second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 28 , 2011 , against the Los Angeles Dodgers . The Padres tied the game at 2 in the third on a two - out RBI single by Austin Barnes . The Dodgers tied it in the bottom half on Margot 's second homer , a two - out solo shot to left - center that tied the game 3 - all . It was Margot 's second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 28 , 2011 , against the Los Angeles Dodgers . The Padres tied the game at 2 in the third on a two - out RBI single by Cory Spangenberg .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Trey Mancini and the Baltimore Orioles are doing their best to get back on track . Mancini homered twice and drove in two runs , Adam Jones added a two - run double and the Orioles beat the Oakland Athletics 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Orioles won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to a major league - best 14 - 5 in June . Baltimore has won four of five . The Orioles have won four of five . Baltimore has won six of seven . The Orioles have lost four of five . Mancini homered twice and drove in two runs , and Tim Beckham had two hits and scored twice for the A 's , who have won four of five . Miley ( 6 - 9 ) allowed one unearned run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Zach Britton got the final out for his 10th save . Chris Smith ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings for the A 's , who have lost four of five . The A 's have lost four of five . Mancini hit a solo homer in the sixth inning and added a solo shot in the sixth . Jones hit a two - run double off Liam Hendriks in the seventh to make it 7 - 1 . Lowrie added an RBI double in the eighth . Baltimore 's Mark Trumbo hit a solo homer in the sixth for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Oakland 's Manny Machado had an RBI groundout in the first . The A 's tied it in the bottom half on Mancini 's two - out homer .
CINCINNATI -- The Cincinnati Reds had a lot of chances against Travis Wood . Eugenio Suarez hit a two - run homer , Stuart Turner added a two - run shot and the Reds beat Travis Wood and the San Diego Padres 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Reds have won six of their last seven games . Cincinnati has won five of its last six games . Wojciechowski ( 3 - 1 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Wood ( 2 - 4 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out seven . Wil Myers hit a two - run homer for San Diego , which has lost four of five . Manuel Margot homered for the Padres , who have lost five of six . The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres have lost seven of their last nine games . The Padres have lost six of their last seven games . The Padres have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Padres have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Padres have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Padres have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Padres have lost five of their last six games . They 've lost five of their last six games . The Padres have lost six of seven .
CHICAGO -- Tim Anderson and the Chicago White Sox did n't need much help . Anderson hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , Nicky Delmonico had three hits and the Chicago White Sox beat the Houston Astros 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Tim Anderson also homered and drove in three runs for the White Sox , who have won four of five . Anderson had a two - run homer in the fifth off Collin McHugh ( 0 - 1 ) , who allowed seven runs -- seven earned -- and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . Tim Anderson homered and drove in three runs for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Houston has lost four of five . The Astros have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind first - place Detroit in the AL West . Miguel Gonzalez ( 6 - 10 ) allowed one run and five hits in eight innings for Chicago , which has won four of five . McHugh ( 0 - 1 ) allowed seven runs -- seven earned -- and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . The White Sox have lost five of six and are 1 - 4 on their nine - game homestand . The White Sox have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place Chicago White Sox in the AL West . The White Sox lost for the seventh time in nine games . The White Sox have lost four of five . Houston 's Derek Fisher homered off Gonzalez in the eighth . It was his third homer of the season .
TORONTO -- Josh Donaldson is doing his best to keep the Toronto Blue Jays . Donaldson hit two home runs , J. A. Happ won his third straight start and the Blue Jays beat CC Sabathia and the New York Yankees 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Donaldson hit a two - run shot off CC Sabathia ( 9 - 5 ) in the first inning and added a two - run shot in the third . He added a two - run shot in the third and a two - run shot off Ryan Tepera in the third . Donaldson hit a two - run shot in the third and added a two - run shot in the third , his 23rd of the season . He added a two - run shot in the third and a two - run drive in the third . Donaldson hit a two - run shot off CC Sabathia in the third , his 29th of the season , and the Blue Jays won for just the second time in eight games . Happ ( 5 - 8 ) allowed one run and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out five . Sabathia ( 9 - 5 ) allowed four runs and six hits in three innings . He walked one and struck out three . Donaldson hit a two - run homer in the first and a two - run shot off Sabathia in the third , his 25th . Donaldson hit a two - run shot off Bryan Mitchell in the third , his 22nd of the season . He added a two - run shot off Ryan Tepera in the third . It was the first multihomer game of his career . Donaldson hit a two - run shot off Bryan Mitchell in the first and added a two - run shot in the third , his 25th . Donaldson went 3 - for - 4 with a pair of two - run homers and a two - run shot to right off Bryan Mitchell in the third . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Donaldson , who went 3 - for - 4 with a walk .
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles have been in first place in the AL East since the All-Star break , but they have n't been able to find a way to make the playoffs . Jonathan Schoop hit a two - run homer , Manny Machado had a career - high five RBI and the Orioles beat the Detroit Tigers 12 - 3 on Tuesday night . Joey Rickard had a career - high four hits , including a home run , and drove in five runs for the Orioles , who have won five of six . Trey Mancini homered and drove in a run for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Detroit has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 5 - 7 ) gave up one run and nine hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Anibal Sanchez ( 3 - 2 ) gave up eight runs and 10 hits in three - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander gave up a season - high five runs and 10 hits in three - plus innings . Joey Rickard had a career - high four hits , including a home run , and drove in a run for the Tigers , who have lost three of four . Chris Davis hit a solo homer in the first inning , and Nicholas Castellanos and Joey Rickard also homered for the Tigers , who have lost three of their past four games . Machado hit a two - run homer in the fourth and Rickard connected in the fifth for a 6 - 0 lead . It was the first career cycle for Machado , who hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a two - run single in the eighth .
CLEVELAND -- The New York Yankees have been waiting for Aaron Judge to come off the disabled list . Aaron Judge hit a three - run homer and Luis Severino pitched two - hit ball into the seventh inning , leading the Yankees to an 8 - 1 win over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Severino ( 9 - 4 ) allowed one run and two hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out nine and walked one . The right - hander struck out nine and walked one . Judge hit a three - run homer off Carlos Carrasco ( 10 - 5 ) in the seventh . Judge hit a three - run shot off Mike Clevinger in the seventh to make it 8 - 1 . Judge hit a three - run homer off Mike Clevinger in the seventh , and the Yankees took a 5 - 1 lead in the sixth . Jacoby Ellsbury hit a three - run triple and Chase Headley added a sacrifice fly . Michael Brantley hit a solo homer in the first for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven and are 1 1/2 games behind first - place Detroit in the AL Central . New York has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven and are 1 1/2 games behind AL Central-leading Detroit , which lost 3 - 1 to the Los Angeles Angels . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost seven of their last nine games and are 2 - 7 since the All-Star break . Cleveland has lost six of seven . The Indians have lost six of seven .
WASHINGTON -- Pittsburgh Pirates manager Clint Hurdle was n't happy with his team 's latest win . Max Moroff hit a three - run triple with two outs in the ninth inning and the Pirates rallied for a 4 - 1 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . George Kontos ( 1 - 6 ) pitched a perfect eighth and Felipe Rivero worked a perfect ninth for his 21st save . Brandon Kintzler ( 4 - 3 ) took the loss , allowing four runs , four hits and a walk in just two - thirds of an inning . Washington 's Jameson Taillon gave up one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Washington 's Max Scherzer pitched 3 1/3 innings of one - hit ball in his shortest outing of the season . He struck out five , walked one and hit a batter . Pittsburgh 's A. J. Cole pitched 3 2/3 scoreless innings , striking out two and walking two . He was replaced by Jameson Taillon , who gave up one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Pirates had won five of their previous six games . Washington has lost four straight and eight of 10 . The Pirates have lost four of five . Washington has lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost four of five . Washington had won four of five . The Nationals have lost four of five . Washington had a chance to take the lead in the eighth . Starling Marte led off with a single , stole second and went to third on catcher Matt Wieters ' throwing error . After Bryce Harper struck out , Moroff tripled to right - center to score Marte and give the Pirates a 4 - 1 lead .
WASHINGTON -- Josh Bell hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning to lift the Washington Nationals to a 5 - 4 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Anthony Rendon drew a one - out walk from Daniel Hudson ( 2 - 7 ) , stole second and scored on Alejandro De Aza 's two - out single to give the Nationals a 4 - 2 lead . Josh Bell hit a two - run homer in the top of the ninth for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Doolittle ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs in the ninth to get the win . Doolittle ( 2 - 0 ) allowed a two - run single to Andrew McCutchen and a two - run homer to Alejandro De Aza in the top of the ninth . Doolittle ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs in the ninth to earn the win . Doolittle ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and two hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Washington starter Edwin Jackson allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Pirates took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a run - scoring double by Starling Marte and a run - scoring double by Daniel Murphy . Pittsburgh tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Adam Lind and a run - scoring double by Christopher Robles . The Pirates tied it in the bottom half on a run - scoring double by Christopher Difo and a run - scoring double by Christopher Read . Washington tied it in the bottom half on Murphy 's RBI single .
ST. LOUIS -- John Lackey has been a big part of the Chicago Cubs ' rotation . Lackey pitched six strong innings , Addison Russell hit a three - run homer and the Chicago Cubs beat the St. Louis Cardinals 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Lackey ( 12 - 11 ) allowed one run and two hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Cardinals have won five of their last six games . Michael Wacha ( 12 - 9 ) allowed five runs and seven hits in six innings for St. Louis . He struck out eight and walked one . Jason Heyward had an RBI double in the seventh , and Addison Russell hit a three - run homer in the seventh to give the Cubs a 3 - 1 lead . Addison Russell hit a three - run homer in the seventh to give the Cardinals a 3 - 1 lead . Wacha ( 12 - 9 ) allowed five runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Cardinals have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 against the Cubs this season . St. Louis has lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost five of six . The Cardinals have lost five of six . The Cardinals have lost five of six . The Cardinals have lost five of six . The Cardinals have lost five of six . The Cardinals have lost five of six . The Cardinals have lost six of their last seven games . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Cardinals have lost six of their last seven games and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- The Seattle Mariners had a chance to take the lead in the eighth inning . Danny Valencia hit a three - run homer , Yonder Alonso added a two - run shot and the Mariners beat the Oakland Athletics 6 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight win . Khris Davis hit a two - run homer off Daniel Mengden ( 2 - 2 ) in the sixth to give the Mariners a 5 - 3 lead . Yonder Alonso hit a two - run homer for the A 's , who have lost five of six . Emilio Wendle hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Marcus Semien homered for the A 's , who have lost five of six . Paxton gave up three runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked none . Emilio Wendle hit an RBI single in the seventh for the A 's , who have lost five of six . Emilio Pagan ( 2 - 3 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Edwin Diaz struck out two in a perfect ninth for his 33rd save . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jed Lowrie hit a one - out double and scored on Ben Gamel 's two - out single . Alonso hit a two - run homer in the sixth to give the Mariners a 2 - 1 lead . It was Alonso 's fourth home run of the season and second in two games . The A 's took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a two - run homer by Alonso .
NEW YORK -- Seth Lugo has been the New York Mets ' most consistent starter this season . Lugo pitched six shutout innings and Travis d'Arnaud hit a solo homer , leading the Mets to a 3 - 2 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . Lugo ( 7 - 5 ) allowed two hits and struck out seven in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained muscle in his right side . The right - hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts . The right - hander allowed two hits and struck out seven in his second start since coming off the disabled list . Travis d'Arnaud homered and drove in two runs for the Mets , who have won four of five . Max Fried ( 1 - 1 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Braves . He struck out two and walked one . Jeurys Familia gave up a two - run single to Jace Peterson and pinch - hitter Matt Kemp 's run - scoring groundout in the ninth before finishing for his fifth save in five chances . Atlanta 's Asdrubal Cabrera had an RBI groundout in the third and a run - scoring groundout in the third . Travis d'Arnaud hit a solo homer in the eighth , and Brandon Nimmo had three hits for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Atlanta has lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . Atlanta has lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . Atlanta has lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven .
DETROIT -- Ervin Santana has been a big part of the Minnesota Twins ' recent success . Santana pitched seven strong innings , Zack Granite hit a three - run homer and the Twins beat the Detroit Tigers 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . Santana ( 16 - 8 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . The right - hander struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Efren Navarro hit a pair of solo homers for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Detroit starter Matthew Boyd allowed two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out six . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Nick Castellanos ' RBI single . The Twins tied it in the bottom of the inning on Alex Presley 's RBI single . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Ian Kinsler led off with a double and scored on a single by Alex Presley . Minnesota took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Dozier led off with a double and scored on Alex Presley 's single . The Tigers tied it in the bottom of the inning on a two - out single by Jason Castro . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Dozier led off with a double and scored on Alex Presley 's single . The Tigers tied it in the bottom of the inning on a sacrifice fly by Nicholas Castellanos .
DETROIT -- The Minnesota Twins have n't been able to find a way to find a way to win a game in a month . Joe Mauer had three hits and drove in two runs , and the Minnesota Twins routed the Detroit Tigers 12 - 1 on Tuesday night . Max Kepler added a two - run double and Eduardo Escobar had two hits and drove in a run for the Twins , who have won four of five . Minnesota 's Jordan Zimmermann ( 8 - 13 ) allowed three runs and five hits in four - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . Dillon Gee ( 3 - 2 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings of relief for the win . Minnesota starter Adalberto Mejia gave up one run and four hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Jeimer Candelario 's RBI double . Jorge Polanco had three hits , including an RBI double in the fifth that made it 4 - 1 . Eddie Rosario added a run - scoring single in the sixth , and Mauer 's two - run double in the eighth gave the Twins an 8 - 1 lead . Castro 's two - run double in the eighth gave the Twins an 8 - 1 lead . Max Kepler added a two - run double in the eighth , and Jason Castro added a two - run double in the eighth . Shane Greene ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs in the eighth , but the Tigers scored five runs in the inning . The Twins scored three runs in the eighth to make it 12 - 1 .
CINCINNATI -- The St. Louis Cardinals had a chance to take the lead in the ninth inning . Dexter Fowler hit a go - ahead homer in the bottom of the 10th inning , and the Cardinals beat the Cincinnati Reds 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Dexter Fowler had three hits and drove in two runs for St. Louis , which has won four of five . Paul DeJong hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . The Cardinals have won four of five . The Cardinals have won four of five . The Reds have won five of six and have the best record in the majors at 21 - 11 . The Reds have lost four of five . The Reds have lost four of five . The Reds have won five of their last six games against the Reds , who have the best record in the majors at 21 - 11 . The Reds have lost four of five . The Reds have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Reds have lost four of five . The Reds have lost four of five . The Reds have lost four of five . The Reds have lost four of five . The Reds have lost four of five . The Reds have lost four of five . The Reds have won five of their last six games against the Reds , who have the best record in the majors at 21 - 11 . They 've lost four of their last five games . The Reds have lost four of five . They 've lost four in a row .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Hunter Pence had no idea how the San Francisco Giants were going to win . Pence hit a go - ahead sacrifice fly in the ninth inning and the San Francisco Giants beat the Colorado Rockies 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Hunter Pence hit a two - run homer in the fifth for the Giants , who have won four of five . Charlie Blackmon hit a two - run double in the second inning and Pablo Sandoval had three hits and an RBI for the Rockies , who have won four of five . Gerardo Parra had two hits and drove in a run for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Cueto gave up two runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked four . Marquez allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Rockies scored in the second inning on Sandoval 's two - out RBI single . The Rockies tied it in the fourth when Posey doubled and scored on Trevor Story 's single . Sandoval had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the fourth that put the Giants ahead 1 - 0 . The Rockies tied it in the fourth when Posey doubled and scored on Sandoval 's single . Cueto allowed two runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked four . Marquez allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Parra tied it at 3 with an RBI double in the eighth off Chris Rusin ( 5 - 1 ) . Sam Dyson ( 4 - 8 ) pitched the ninth for the win .
CINCINNATI -- Robert Stephenson took a no - hitter into the sixth inning , and Scooter Gennett hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning to help the Cincinnati Reds beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 5 - 2 on Friday night . Stephenson ( 5 - 5 ) struck out a career - high eight in six innings , allowing one hit and three walks . He struck out eight and walked three . John Jaso hit a two - run homer off Luke Farrell in the eighth , and Eugenio Suarez hit a two - run shot off Gerrit Cole ( 11 - 11 ) in the sixth . Scooter Gennett added a two - run shot for the Reds , who have won four of five . Cincinnati has won four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . Cole ( 11 - 11 ) gave up three hits and four runs -- four earned -- with four walks and six strikeouts in five innings . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Pirates have lost four of five . Pittsburgh has lost four of five . The Pirates have lost six of their last seven games . The Pirates have lost seven of their last nine games . The Pirates have lost six of their last seven games . The Pirates have lost six of their last seven games . The Pirates have lost six of their last seven games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Great American Ball Park since the start of the 2010 season . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games . The Pirates have lost four of five .
DETROIT -- Matthew Boyd threw a one - hitter for his first career complete game , and Nick Castellanos hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning to help the Detroit Tigers beat the Chicago White Sox 12 - 0 on Tuesday night . Boyd ( 6 - 10 ) struck out five and walked one in his first complete game of the season . He struck out five and walked one . Jeimer Candelario had three hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in four runs for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Dylan Covey ( 0 - 6 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . Castellanos hit a two - run double in the third , and Candelario added a three - run homer off Mike Pelfrey in the eighth . It was the first time the Tigers had hit back - to - back home runs this season . Castellanos hit a two - run homer in the sixth to make it 12 - 0 . It was the first grand slam of the season for Castellanos , who hit a two - run homer in the 10th inning of the White Sox 's 3 - 2 win over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday . The White Sox have won five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins have n't been able to find a way to get back in the AL wild - card race . Joe Mauer hit a grand slam and drove in five runs , Byron Buxton also homered and the Minnesota Twins beat the Toronto Blue Jays 13 - 7 on Tuesday night . Kyle Gibson ( 11 - 10 ) gave up five runs and three hits in six innings for the Twins , who have won four of five . The Blue Jays have won six of their past eight games and have lost six of their last seven . The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Rosario hit a two - run homer in the fifth and a solo shot in the fifth to make it 13 - 5 . Rosario also hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Twins a 12 - 5 lead . The Blue Jays sent 10 batters to the plate in the inning , scoring four runs off Joe Biagini ( 3 - 11 ) . Rosario hit a two - out , two - run homer off Chris Rowley to make it 13 - 5 , and Mauer hit a three - run shot in the seventh to give the Twins a 12 - 5 lead . It was the fourth time this season the Twins have hit back - to - back home runs . Donaldson hit a solo shot in the second inning and added a solo shot in the second . He also hit a solo shot in the second inning and a solo shot in the second . Rosario also hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the second . Rosario also hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning to give the Blue Jays a 12 - 5 lead .
WASHINGTON -- Ryan Zimmerman 's two - run homer in the sixth inning gave the Washington Nationals a 7 - 1 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Friday night . Stephen Strasburg ( 14 - 4 ) allowed an unearned run and two hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked three . Ryan Madson pitched the eighth and Sean Doolittle finished for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Zimmerman hit a three - run homer in the sixth inning and a solo shot in the eighth . He also hit a three - run shot in the sixth inning off Ross Madson ( 3 - 5 ) . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Zimmerman , who had been mired in a 1 - for - 18 slump . He hit a three - run homer off Josh Ravin in the sixth inning to give the Nationals a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Zimmerman hit a three - run homer off Josh Ravin in the sixth to give the Nationals a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Zimmerman , who had been 0 - for - 8 in his previous four games . He hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and a solo shot in the eighth . It was the first multihomer game of his career and the first time he has hit two homers in a game . Zimmerman hit a three - run shot off Josh Ravin in the sixth to give the Nationals a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Zimmerman , who came into the game leading the NL in batting average ( .301 ) and RBIs ( 209 ) . He has hit safely in 13 of his last 13 games . Lind hit a two - run homer in the eighth . The Dodgers have won three straight and five of six . The Dodgers have lost four of five and are 2 1/2 games behind NL West-leading Los Angeles .
CINCINNATI -- The Cincinnati Reds have been waiting for Sal Romano . Romano pitched eight innings of five - hit ball , Jesse Winker homered and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Romano ( 5 - 6 ) allowed five hits , struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . The right - hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . Andrew McCutchen homered off Kevin Shackelford with one out in the ninth , his third homer of the season . Cody Schebler went 0 - for - 3 , ending his career - best hitting streak at 20 games -- longest in the majors this season . Ivan Nova ( 11 - 14 ) gave up two runs and three hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Pirates have lost six of seven . Pittsburgh has lost six of seven . The Pirates have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Pirates have lost six of their last seven games . They 've been shut out three times this season , including three in the first two games of the series . The Pirates have been shut out three times in their last seven games . They 've been shut out three times in their last seven games . They 've been shut out three times this season , all on the road . They 've been shut out three times in their last seven games . The Pirates have lost six of their last seven .
ATLANTA -- The New York Mets are on a roll . Jacob deGrom pitched seven strong innings , Freddie Freeman and Gavin Cecchini each had two hits and the New York Mets beat the Atlanta Braves 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . deGrom ( 15 - 9 ) allowed one run and five hits , struck out seven and walked two in seven innings . The right - hander is tied for the major league lead in wins , and the Mets have won the first two games of the three - game series . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . Atlanta has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . Dickey ( 9 - 10 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out none . The Mets have lost five of six . The Mets have lost five of six . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Braves have lost six of seven . The Braves , who have lost six of seven , fell to 1 - 6 on their 10 - game road trip . The Braves , who began the day with the second - worst record in the majors , lost for only the second time in their last 10 games .
MIAMI -- Ryan Braun and the rest of the Miami Brewers ' lineup has been a problem . Braun homered and drove in two runs , Travis Shaw also went deep and the Miami Marlins beat the Milwaukee Brewers 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Braun had three hits , including a solo homer , and drove in two runs for the Marlins , who have won four of five . Adam Conley ( 7 - 7 ) allowed three runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Marlins , who have won four of five . Zach Davies ( 17 - 9 ) allowed six runs and eight hits in four - plus innings for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Braun hit a solo homer in the sixth and Braun added a run - scoring double in the ninth . Derek Dietrich hit a two - run homer for Milwaukee , which has lost four of five . Justin Bour had two hits and drove in two runs for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Marcell Ozuna had two hits and drove in a run for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Milwaukee took a 4 - 1 lead in the first inning . Dee Gordon led off with a single , stole second and scored on Christian Yelich 's single . Shaw hit a solo homer in the sixth to make it 6 - 3 , and Braun 's solo homer in the sixth made it 6 - 3 . Braun hit a solo homer in the sixth and Dietrich hit a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Marlins a 6 - 1 lead . It was Braun 's 22nd homer of the season and first since July 26 .
PHILADELPHIA -- Daniel Mengden 's first major league win was his first major league win . Matt Olson hit a two - run homer , Daniel Mengden threw a two - hitter for his first career shutout and the Oakland Athletics beat the Philadelphia Phillies 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Mengden ( 1 - 1 ) struck out seven and walked none in his first major league shutout . He struck out seven and walked none . Matt Olson hit a two - run homer in the second inning for the A 's , who have won four of five . Mark Leiter Jr. ( 3 - 6 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings for the Phillies . He struck out nine and walked one . Matt Olson hit a two - run homer in the first inning for the Phillies , who have lost five of six . Philadelphia has lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost four of five . Philadelphia has lost four of five . The Phillies have lost four of five . Philadelphia has lost four of five . The Phillies have lost four of five . Philadelphia has lost four of five . The Phillies have lost four of five . Philadelphia has lost four of five . The Phillies have lost four of five . Philadelphia has lost four of five . The Phillies have lost four of five . Philadelphia 's Rhys Hoskins went 0 - for - 3 , ending his career - best hitting streak at 20 games -- longest in the majors this season -- and is hitless in his last 16 at - bats . Hoskins went 0 - for - 3 with two strikeouts .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Nelson Cruz and the Seattle Mariners are on a roll . Cruz went 4 - for - 4 with a home run and two RBIs , Andrew Albers pitched five effective innings and the Mariners beat the Texas Rangers 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . Cruz had four hits , including a solo homer in the seventh , and a solo homer in the seventh . He also had a run - scoring single in the sixth . Cruz had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the seventh . He also had a run - scoring single in the sixth . Cruz had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the seventh that gave the Mariners a 10 - 1 lead . Andrew Cashner ( 9 - 10 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings for the Rangers . He walked five and struck out two . Albers ( 5 - 1 ) allowed three runs and three hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked one . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.99 ERA in his last six starts . The Rangers have won five of their last six games . The Rangers have lost six of their last seven games . The Rangers have lost five of six . The Rangers have lost six of seven . They have lost five of six . The Rangers have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas has lost four of five . The Rangers have lost six of their last seven games . The Rangers have lost six of seven .
ST. LOUIS -- The St. Louis Cardinals had a chance to take the lead in the first inning . Tommy Pham hit a two - run homer , Luke Weaver pitched six strong innings and the Cardinals beat the Cincinnati Reds 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Weaver ( 6 - 1 ) allowed one unearned run and two hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked none . The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 1.89 ERA in his last four starts . The Cardinals have won five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Reds have lost five of six . The Reds have lost four of five . The Reds have lost four of five . Garrett Garrett ( 3 - 8 ) gave up four runs , three earned , and three hits in four innings for the Reds . He struck out seven and walked five . Pham hit a two - run homer in the fifth to put the Cardinals ahead 4 - 1 . Pham hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Cardinals a 4 - 1 lead . Pham hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Cardinals a 4 - 1 lead . Pham hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Cardinals a 4 - 1 lead . Pham hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Cardinals a 4 - 1 lead . Pham hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Cardinals a 4 - 1 lead . Pham hit a two - run homer in the fifth to make it 4 - 1 .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Cole Hamels pitched six solid innings , and the Texas Rangers beat the Seattle Mariners 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Hamels ( 10 - 3 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The right - hander struck out seven and walked one . Mitch Miranda ( 8 - 7 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 1 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . Shin-Soo Choo had two hits and two RBIs for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Kyle Seager homered and Nomar Mazara had a two - run double for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Seattle starter Andrew Moore gave up one run and three hits over six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Seattle 's Andrew DeShields hit a solo homer in the fourth for a 5 - 3 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Hamels this season , the most in the majors this season . Haniger had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third that gave the Rangers a 4 - 1 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Hamels this season , the most in the majors this season . Haniger had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third that gave the Rangers a 4 - 1 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Hamels this season , the most in the majors this season . DeShields led off the second with a homer to left , his 14th of the season . The Rangers added a run in the fourth when Elvis Andrus drew a two - out walk .
BOSTON -- Chris Sale was n't surprised to see the Boston Red Sox keep going . Sale pitched six sharp innings , Dustin Pedroia hit a two - run homer and the Red Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays 9 - 0 on Tuesday night . Sale ( 16 - 7 ) allowed six hits , struck out eight and walked one . The Red Sox won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 5 - 1 against Tampa Bay this season . Andrew Benintendi had three hits , including a two - run double , and Mitch Moreland had a two - run single for the Red Sox , who took two of three from the Rays . Rays starter Matt Andriese ( 5 - 3 ) allowed eight runs -- six earned -- and seven hits in 1 2/3 innings . The Red Sox scored three runs in the first inning , including a two - run double by Andrew Benintendi , a two - run double by Mitch Moreland and a two - run double by Andrew Benintendi . Dustin Pedroia hit a two - run homer in the first , and Mitch Moreland had a two - run single in the second . Mitch Pruitt gave up one run and five hits in four innings for Tampa Bay . He struck out five and walked two . The Red Sox scored three runs in the second inning to make it 9 - 0 . Pedroia hit a two - run homer in the first and Mitch Moreland added a two - run single in the second . The Red Sox scored three runs in the second , including a two - run double by Benintendi and a two - run single by Mitch Moreland .
WASHINGTON -- Mark Leiter Jr. was n't happy with his first win in the majors . The Philadelphia Phillies ' right - hander did n't allow a hit until the sixth inning , and the Phillies beat the Washington Nationals 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Leiter was the first pitcher to throw a no - hitter in his career , according to STATS LLC . The right - hander allowed four runs and six hits in six innings , struck out eight and walked one . Leiter ( 5 - 5 ) allowed five runs and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out five . Howie Kendrick hit a solo homer in the second inning and Maikel Franco hit a solo shot in the second for the Phillies , who have lost five of six . Hoskins hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a two - run single in the fourth . He also had an RBI single in the sixth . Taylor added an RBI single in the sixth for the Phillies , who have won four of five . Washington has lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost six of seven .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals have been waiting for someone to get back to the postseason . Byron Buxton hit a tiebreaking home run in the sixth inning and the Royals beat the Minnesota Twins 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Eduardo Escobar and Alex Gordon also homered for the Royals , who have won four of five . Royals starter Jose Berrios gave up two runs and eight hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out one . Mike Minor ( 6 - 6 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Brandon Maurer worked the ninth for his 22nd save in 25 opportunities . The Royals have won five of six . Byron Buxton hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Minnesota starter Jakob Junis allowed two runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out a season - high seven and walked one . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Lorenzo Cain led off with a double and scored on Melky Cabrera 's groundout . Eduardo Escobar led off the third with a home run , his third of the season , to give the Twins a 2 - 1 lead . Buxton tied it in the sixth with a solo shot to right off Ryan Pressly ( 2 - 3 ) . It was his fourth of the season and second in two games . The Royals added a run in the eighth on a sacrifice fly by Alcides Escobar . Salvador Perez 's RBI double in the eighth made it 5 - 2 , and Hosmer added an RBI single in the bottom half .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Daniel Gossett ( 4 - 8 ) gave up one run in six innings , and the Oakland Athletics beat the Houston Astros 11 - 1 on Tuesday night . The A 's scored three runs in the second inning off Charlie Morton ( 11 - 7 ) , who allowed three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in five innings . He struck out eight and walked three . The A 's scored three runs in the sixth to take a 6 - 1 lead . Jed Lowrie drew a bases - loaded walk and Khris Davis added a two - run single for the A 's , who have won four of five . Matt Chapman hit a run - scoring triple in the second and scored on Alex Bregman 's double to make it 3 - 0 . The A 's scored three runs in the sixth to take a 6 - 1 lead . Boog Powell had two hits and drove in two runs for the A 's , who have won four of five . The Astros scored three runs in the eighth off J. D. Davis to make it 11 - 1 . Boog Powell drew a bases - loaded walk from J. D. Davis , and Josh Phegley drew a bases - loaded walk to make it 11 - 1 . Joey Wendle singled in a run in the eighth for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Morton ( 4 - 8 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . The A 's scored three runs in the second inning off Charlie Morton ( 11 - 7 ) , who allowed three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in five innings .
LOS ANGELES -- Taijuan Walker has been a big part of the Arizona Diamondbacks ' three - game winning streak . Walker pitched six solid innings and the Diamondbacks beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Walker ( 9 - 7 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings , struck out four and walked three . Walker ( 9 - 7 ) gave up one run and four hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked three . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 36th save . Luis Avilan ( 2 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . Dodgers starter Kenta Maeda gave up an unearned run and four hits in five innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI fielder 's choice by Cody Bellinger . Arizona tied it in the second on a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Cody Bellinger . The Dodgers tied it in the second on an RBI fielder 's choice by Cody Bellinger . The Dodgers tied it in the second on an RBI fielder 's choice by Cody Bellinger . The Dodgers tied it in the second on an RBI fielder 's choice by Cody Bellinger . The Diamondbacks tied it in the seventh on an RBI double by A. J. Pollock and a run - scoring double by Daniel Descalso . The Dodgers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on an RBI fielder 's choice by Bellinger and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Bellinger . Arizona tied it in the seventh on Rosales ' pinch - hit double .
HOUSTON -- Joe Musgrove ( 7 - 8 ) pitched 2 1/3 innings of two - hit relief to earn the win , and the Houston Astros beat the New York Mets 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Joe Musgrove ( 7 - 8 ) pitched 2 1/3 innings of two - hit relief for the win . Ken Giles pitched the ninth for his 28th save in 31 chances . Houston starter Brad Peacock allowed one run and three hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . Houston starter Seth Lugo ( 5 - 4 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . He struck out six and walked two . Josh Reddick and Marwin Gonzalez each had two hits and drove in a run for the Astros , who have won four of five . Houston took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth on Dominic Smith 's RBI double and J. D. Davis ' sacrifice fly . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth on an RBI single by Josh Reddick and a sacrifice fly by J. D. Davis . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Alex Bregman hit a one - out double and scored on a single by Marwin Gonzalez . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth on an RBI single by Marwin Gonzalez . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the bottom half on an RBI single by Marwin Gonzalez . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Juan Lagares led off with a single and scored on a single by Marwin Gonzalez . Reddick followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 1 . Gonzalez scored on a sacrifice fly by Davis to make it 4 - 1 .
DENVER -- Taijuan Walker pitched five scoreless innings , and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the Colorado Rockies 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Walker ( 8 - 7 ) allowed three hits in five innings , struck out 10 and walked three . Walker ( 8 - 7 ) struck out a season - high 10 , walked three and hit a batter . He allowed three hits and struck out 10 in his first start against the Rockies this season . Kyle Freeland ( 11 - 9 ) allowed three runs , three earned , and five hits in four - plus innings . He walked three and struck out four . Daniel Descalso hit a pinch - hit , three - run homer in the seventh for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Colorado scored three times in the seventh to take a 9 - 2 lead . Carlos Gonzalez hit an RBI double and scored on Rey Fuentes ' pinch - hit single to make it 4 - 2 . Carlos Gonzalez hit an RBI double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Jake Lamb to make it 4 - 2 . The Diamondbacks added two more runs in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Story and an RBI single by A. J. Pollock . Scott Oberg ( 1 - 0 ) pitched the eighth for the win . Archie Bradley pitched the eighth and Fernando Rodney finished for his ninth save in 10 chances . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Rey Arenado . They added two more runs in the second on an RBI single by Martinez and a sacrifice fly by Rey Fuentes . The Rockies made it 3 - 0 in the third on an RBI single by Pollock and a sacrifice fly by Brandon Drury .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers had a winning record for the first time in more than a decade . Justin Turner hit a game - ending grand slam with two outs in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Dodgers a 4 - 1 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Wednesday night . Yasiel Puig drew a one - out walk from Brian Duensing ( 0 - 1 ) in the bottom of the ninth and scored on Justin Turner 's two - out , opposite - field homer to left - center . It was his first game - ending homer of the season . Kenley Jansen ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Justin Turner hit a three - run homer in the ninth off Dodgers closer John Lackey to give the Cubs a 1 - 0 lead in the first game of the series against the Dodgers . Turner hit a two - out , two - run homer off Brian Duensing ( 0 - 1 ) in the ninth to give the Dodgers a 4 - 1 lead . It was his first game - ending homer of the season and the first game - ending homer of his career . Turner hit a 1 - 2 pitch from Brian Duensing ( 0 - 1 ) into the left - field pavilion for his first career game - ending homer . It was his first game - ending homer of the season and the first of his career . Turner hit a two - out , two - run homer off John Lackey in the ninth to give the Dodgers a 4 - 1 lead . It was his first game - ending homer of the season and the first game - ending homer of his career . The Dodgers have won the first two games of the three - game series , and the Cubs have won the first two games of the three - game series between the teams with the NL 's worst record . The Cubs , meanwhile , have n't been in the playoffs since 1988 , when they won the World Series . Cubs starter Rich Hill allowed one run and three hits in five innings , struck out eight and walked one . He was lifted for a pinch hitter in the fifth after throwing 79 pitches . The Dodgers tied the game 1 - all in the fifth on Addison Russell 's first homer of the season , a drive into the right - field pavilion on a 1 - 2 pitch . It was the first homer allowed by Lester in five starts this season . The Dodgers tied it in the bottom half on a two - out double by Charlie Culberson , and Turner 's RBI single in the fifth tied the game 1 - all .
CLEVELAND -- Francisco Lindor was n't surprised by the Cleveland Indians ' latest win . Lindor hit a grand slam to cap a five - run rally in the sixth inning , and the Indians beat the New York Yankees 9 - 8 on Tuesday night . Lindor 's slam off Dellin Betances ( 0 - 1 ) gave the Indians an 8 - 8 lead in the sixth , and Yan Gomes ' two - out single in the bottom half made it 8 - all . Josh Tomlin ( 1 - 0 ) struck out three in two perfect innings for the win . New York 's Gary Sanchez hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Corey Kluber , who lasted only 2 2/3 innings . Greg Bird hit a two - run homer in the fifth , and Aaron Hicks hit a three - run shot in the sixth for the Yankees , who have lost six of seven . New York 's bullpen , which has n't lost in the playoffs since the New York Yankees beat the New York Yankees in the 1985 AL championship series , gave up one run in the 13th inning . The Indians , who have the AL 's best record , have won seven of their last eight playoff games . New York , which began the day leading the AL wild - card standings , has won seven of its last 10 games . The Indians , who began the day with the best record in the AL , have won seven of their last 10 playoff games . New York , which had won seven of its previous eight games , went ahead 6 - 3 in the third on Carlos Santana 's two - run single and Starlin Castro 's run - scoring single . Yankees starter CC Sabathia allowed four runs -- two earned -- and three hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out five .
CLEVELAND -- The New York Yankees are headed to the playoffs for the first time in franchise history . Jay Bruce hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , Trevor Bauer pitched two - hit ball into the seventh inning and the Cleveland Indians beat the New York Yankees 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . The Yankees won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 4 - 0 against the Yankees this season . Bauer ( 1 - 0 ) struck out eight in 6 2/3 innings , allowing two hits and walking one . He struck out eight and walked one . Dellin Betances struck out the side in the eighth , and Cody Allen struck out the side in the ninth for his first save of the season . Sonny Gray ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and three hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out two . Bruce hit a two - run homer in the fourth and added a sacrifice fly in the fifth to make it 4 - 0 . Bruce hit a two - run homer in the fourth and added a sacrifice fly in the fifth to make it 4 - 0 . Bruce hit a two - run homer in the fourth and Bruce hit a two - run shot in the fourth to give the Indians a 3 - 0 lead . Bruce hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a sacrifice fly in the fifth to make it 4 - 0 . Bruce hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a sacrifice fly in the fifth to make it 4 - 0 . Bruce hit a sacrifice fly in the fifth .
CLEVELAND -- Josh Tomlin did n't have his best stuff . The Cleveland Indians ' right - hander pitched into the sixth inning , Rob Brantly homered and the Indians beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Tomlin ( 10 - 9 ) allowed one run and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last six starts . The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last five starts . The right - hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts . The right - hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts . The right - hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts . The right - hander allowed one run and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked none . Chris Volstad ( 1 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in six innings for the White Sox . He walked four and struck out two . Jay Bruce hit a two - run single in the first , and Rob Brantly homered in the fifth for the Indians , who have lost five of six . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of their last seven games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Progressive Field since July 26 - 29 . The White Sox have lost four of five .
BOSTON -- The Houston Astros have been waiting for the Boston Red Sox to get back to .500 . Collin McHugh pitched six solid innings and Rafael Devers hit a two - run double , leading the Astros to a 4 - 3 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night . McHugh ( 5 - 2 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Tyler Clippard pitched a perfect ninth for his fifth save . Fernando Abad ( 2 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and three hits in one - third of an inning for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Boston took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth when Rafael Devers hit a two - run double and Tony Kemp followed with an RBI single . The Astros took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth . McHugh ( 5 - 2 ) allowed three runs and five hits , striking out eight and walking one . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth when Rafael Devers hit a two - run double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Juan Centeno . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth . Brock Holt led off with a double and scored on a single by Jackie Bradley Jr. , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Moran then scored on a single by Juan Centeno to make it 4 - 3 . Yuli Gurriel followed with a sacrifice fly to make it 4 - 3 . Moran had an RBI single in the seventh .
SEATTLE -- Nelson Cruz 's two - run homer in the first inning was his first hit of the season , and the Seattle Mariners beat the Cleveland Indians 2 - 1 on Wednesday night . Nelson Cruz hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Corey Kluber , and Felix Hernandez allowed just two hits in 5 1/3 scoreless innings in his first start of the season . Hernandez ( 1 - 0 ) allowed just two hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out four and walked two . Edwin Diaz struck out the side in the ninth for his first save of the season . Corey Kluber ( 0 - 1 ) allowed two runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Cruz hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Yan Gomes added a two - out RBI single in the seventh to give the Mariners a 2 - 1 lead . It was the first time Kluber had allowed more than two earned runs in a game this season . The Mariners scored in the first when Robinson Cano led off with a double and scored on Mitch Haniger 's two - out single . Seattle tied it in the seventh when Lonnie Chisenhall was hit by a pitch , stole second and advanced to third on a throwing error by catcher Mike Segura . Chisenhall stole third and scored on Yan Gomes ' single to right . Seattle 's Dee Gordon was 1 - for - 3 with a walk , ending his career - best hitting streak at 16 games -- the longest active streak in the majors . Dee Gordon led off the Cleveland seventh with a single , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Marcus Semien was n't sure what to expect from the Los Angeles Angels . Semien hit a game - ending single with one out in the 11th inning to lift the Oakland Athletics to a 6 - 5 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . The A 's trailed 4 - 0 in the fifth before rallying for a 5 - 4 lead . Semien led off the bottom half with a single off Noe Ramirez ( 0 - 1 ) , stole second and went to third on a wild pitch . Boog Powell followed with an infield single , and Semien lined a 1 - 0 pitch into the gap in left - center . Chris Hatcher ( 1 - 0 ) struck out two in a scoreless inning for the win . Kole Calhoun had three hits , including a home run , and drove in a run for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Pujols hit his first homer of the season , a solo shot in the fifth inning that gave the Angels a 4 - 0 lead . It was the first home run of the season for Pujols , who hit a three - run shot in the Angels ' 3 - 1 win over the Angels on opening day . Davis hit a three - run homer in the fifth to give the A 's a 4 - 0 lead . It was the first time the A 's hit back - to - back home runs this season . Cozart hit a solo shot in the fifth for his third homer of the season . Matt Olson homered for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Angels starter Garrett Richards allowed four runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked three .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Cincinnati Reds have n't been able to find a way to get back to the playoffs . Tyler Mahle pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Adam Duvall and Adam Duvall hit back - to - back home runs and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Minnesota Twins 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Mahle ( 2 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in 6 1/3 innings , striking out seven and walking two . The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 2.25 ERA in his last four starts . The Reds have won four of five and have won five of their last six . The Twins have lost four of five . Jose Berrios ( 2 - 3 ) allowed four runs and five hits in three - plus innings . He walked three and struck out none . Adam Duvall hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Twins , who have lost five of six . The Twins have lost five of six . The Twins have lost five of six . The Twins have lost six of seven . They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Twins have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Target Field this season . The Twins have lost six of seven . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Target Field this season . The Twins have lost seven of their last nine games . They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Target Field this season . The Twins have lost five of six and have been outscored 32 - 8 in that span .
TORONTO -- The Texas Rangers have been waiting for Joey Gallo to hit a home run . Joey Gallo and Joey Gallo each hit two - run homers , and the Rangers beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Minor ( 2 - 1 ) allowed four runs and nine hits in six innings . He walked none and struck out four . Keone Kela worked a perfect ninth for his fifth save . Marcus Stroman ( 0 - 3 ) allowed six runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out four . Joey Gallo hit a two - run homer in the first , and Nomar Mazara had three hits and two RBI for the Rangers , who have lost three of four . Toronto has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays scored four runs in the first inning off Marcus Stroman ( 0 - 3 ) , who allowed five runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out four . The Blue Jays took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Mazara and a two - run single by Guzman . Toronto answered in the bottom half when Gallo hit a two - run homer , his third . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on Guzman 's two - run single . Toronto answered in the bottom half on a two - run single by Guzman , who had three hits . Gallo hit a two - run homer off Stroman in the first , his 19th . Toronto answered in the bottom half on a two - run single by Guzman , who had three hits .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Lucas Giolito pitched into the sixth inning , Matt Davidson homered twice and drove in three runs , and the Chicago White Sox beat the Kansas City Royals 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Giolito ( 1 - 3 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . Joakim Soria pitched the ninth for his third save . Yoan Moncada had three hits , including a home run , and Welington Castillo also went deep for the White Sox , who have won three of four . The White Sox have won five of six and have won six of their last seven . Junis ( 3 - 2 ) was charged with six runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . The White Sox have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game homestand . The White Sox have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game road trip . The White Sox have lost six of seven . Junis ( 3 - 2 ) was charged with six runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Moncada , who had three hits , went 3 - for - 5 with a home run and two doubles . He has hit safely in 13 of his past 14 games . Soler 's two - run shot in the sixth gave the White Sox a 6 - 2 lead . It was the first time the White Sox hit back - to - back home runs this season . Soler 's two - run shot in the sixth gave the White Sox a 6 - 2 lead , and Davidson 's two - run shot in the sixth made it 6 - 2 .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Brandon Belt and the San Francisco Giants are on a roll . Belt hit a two - run homer , Joe Panik had three hits and scored twice and the San Francisco Giants beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Brandon Belt hit a two - run homer in the third inning , and Mac Williamson added a solo shot in the sixth to give the Giants a 4 - 3 victory over the Nationals on Tuesday night . Brandon Belt hit a two - run homer in the third for the Giants . Taylor Moronta ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win . Hunter Strickland pitched a scoreless ninth for his fifth save in six chances . Taylor Williamson and Michael Taylor hit three - run homers for the Nationals . Tanner Roark ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings for the Nationals . He struck out four and walked two . Roark allowed four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . Washington 's Ty Blach gave up three runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked two . Taylor Williamson hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Taylor Madson pitched the eighth and Hunter Strickland pitched a perfect ninth for his fifth save in five chances . Washington 's Bryce Harper went 0 - for - 3 with a walk , dropping his average to .257 . He is mired in an 0 - for - 21 funk dating to the road trip . He was 0 for 3 with a walk .
CLEVELAND -- Kyle Schwarber and the Chicago Cubs did n't need much offense . Schwarber hit two of Chicago 's four home runs , Tyler Chatwood pitched six strong innings and the Cubs beat the Cleveland Indians 10 - 3 on Tuesday night . Kyle Schwarber homered twice and drove in two runs for the Cubs , who have won four of five . Schwarber , who had three hits , added a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth . He also had three hits . Chatwood ( 1 - 3 ) gave up one run and four hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out five . The right - hander struck out five and walked five . The right - hander has won his last three starts against the Indians , who have won four of five . The Indians have lost four of five . Cleveland 's Josh Tomlin ( 0 - 3 ) lasted just 3 2/3 innings , giving up five runs and seven hits . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his last five starts . The Indians scored three runs in the second inning to take a 2 - 0 lead . Schwarber hit a two - out solo homer to right , his third of the season . The Cubs added three runs in the third . Jose Ramirez led off with a double and scored on Jason Kipnis ' groundout . Willson Contreras hit a solo homer in the fourth to make it 5 - 1 . Schwarber 's solo homer in the fourth made it 5 - 1 .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The San Francisco Giants are on the verge of a playoff berth . Johnny Cueto pitched six innings of two - hit ball , Brandon Belt homered and the San Francisco Giants beat the Los Angeles Angels 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cueto ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two hits , struck out seven and walked two while throwing 96 pitches . He struck out seven , walked two and hit a batter . Evan Longoria hit a two - run homer in the third inning for San Francisco , which has won four of five . Brandon Belt had three hits , including a solo homer , and Mike Trout hit a two - run shot in the eighth for the Angels . Hunter Strickland pitched the ninth for his third save . Jaime Barria ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and five hits in two innings . The right - hander struck out one and walked one . Noe Ramirez gave up a two - run homer to Mike Trout in the eighth , and Jim Johnson worked out of a bases - loaded jam in the eighth by getting Buster Posey to ground into an inning - ending double play . Buster Posey hit an RBI single in the third for the Angels , who have lost four of five . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . The Angels have lost six of their last seven games . They are 0 - 4 against the Giants this season . Joe Panik had three hits for the Giants .
PHILADELPHIA -- Aaron Altherr hit a game - ending single in the 11th inning to lift the Philadelphia Phillies to a 3 - 2 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Aaron Altherr hit a two - out single in the 11th inning to give the Phillies a 3 - 2 win over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Aaron Altherr hit a two - out single in the 11th off Richard ( 0 - 1 ) to give the Phillies a 3 - 2 lead . Yacksel Rios ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 11th inning for the win . Andrew Knapp led off the 11th with a single off George Kontos and scored on Cesar Hernandez 's sacrifice fly . Diaz hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Pirates a 2 - 0 lead . Diaz hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the inning to give the Pirates a 2 - 0 lead . Diaz hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the inning to give the Pirates a 2 - 0 lead . Diaz hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the inning to give the Pirates a 2 - 0 lead . Pivetta allowed two runs and five hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Williams gave up two runs -- two earned -- and one hit in six innings . He walked five and struck out seven . Williams gave up two runs -- two earned -- and five hits with seven strikeouts and five walks in six innings . Diaz hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Pirates a 2 - 0 lead .
NEW YORK -- Aaron Judge and the New York Yankees are on a roll . Judge hit a two - run homer , Jordan Montgomery pitched six strong innings and the New York Yankees beat the Toronto Blue Jays 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Miguel Andujar had two hits and three RBI , and Jordan Montgomery ( 2 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings to win his second straight start . The right - hander struck out five and walked three in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained muscle in his right side . The right - hander was 1 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his previous seven starts , including a 2 - 1 loss to the Blue Jays on opening day . The right - hander was 1 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his previous seven starts , including a 1 - 0 win over the New York Yankees in his previous outing . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his previous five starts , including a 1 - 0 loss to the Blue Jays on April 6 , when he was pitching for the New York Mets . The right - hander allowed four runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out five and walked three . Judge hit a two - run homer off Marcus Stroman ( 0 - 2 ) in the third , and Andujar added a three - run double in the sixth to give New York a 7 - 1 lead . The Blue Jays broke the game open with a four - run sixth . Brett Gardner hit a sacrifice fly and Judge followed with a run - scoring single .
NEW YORK -- J. T. Realmuto hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs , and the Miami Marlins beat the New York Yankees 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Realmuto had a three - run homer in the fifth inning and a three - run shot in the fifth off Masahiro Tanaka ( 2 - 2 ) , who gave up seven runs -- five earned -- and seven hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out five . Garcia ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one hit in five innings . He walked five and struck out two . The right - hander struck out two and walked five in his first start of the season . The right - hander struck out two and walked five in his first start of the season . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous five starts , including a no - decision in his first start of the season against the New York Mets on opening day . The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous five starts , including a no - decision against the New York Mets in his first start of the season . Realmuto hit a three - run homer in the fifth off Masahiro Tanaka ( 2 - 2 ) , who gave up seven hits and seven runs -- five earned -- in five innings . He struck out five and walked two . Realmuto 's three - run homer in the fifth gave the Marlins a 7 - 0 lead . J. T. Realmuto hit a three - run homer in the fifth for a 7 - 0 lead .
SEATTLE -- Sean Manaea did n't have his best stuff . The Oakland Athletics left - hander pitched seven innings of two - hit ball , Jed Lowrie hit a two - run homer and the Athletics beat the Seattle Mariners 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Manaea ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one run and two hits in seven innings , striking out four and walking two . The right - hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts . The A 's have won five of their last six games . Blake Treinen pitched 1 1/3 innings for his third save . Felix Hernandez ( 2 - 2 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings for the Mariners . He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Lowrie hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Taylor Motter connected in the fifth to give the Mariners a 2 - 0 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Hernandez in his last five starts . Lowrie 's two - run homer in the first inning was his first of the season . Motter 's solo shot in the bottom of the fifth was his first home run of the season . It was the first home run allowed by Hernandez in his last five starts , and the first time he 's allowed more than three earned runs in a game . The A 's had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but James Pazos struck out Matt Olson to end the threat . Seattle 's Stephen Piscotty was hit by a pitch in the first inning . He was hit by a pitch and was hit by a pitch .
SEATTLE -- The Seattle Mariners have been waiting for the Oakland Athletics this season . Mitch Haniger homered and drove in four runs , Khris Davis hit two home runs and the Mariners beat the Oakland Athletics 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . It was the fourth time this season the Mariners have hit back - to - back home runs . Davis hit a two - run shot off Oakland starter Mike Leake in the first inning and added a solo shot in the eighth off Chris Hatcher . It was Davis ' second multihomer game of the season and his first since Aug. 1 , 2011 , when he was with the Los Angeles Angels . Haniger , who hit a two - run homer in the first inning , added a two - out , two - run shot off Juan Nicasio in the seventh . Dan Altavilla ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless seventh inning for the win . Edwin Diaz pitched the ninth for his fifth save . Danny Coulombe ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss . Matt Chapman hit a solo homer in the sixth inning for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Oakland starter Andrew Triggs allowed two runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . Seattle starter Mike Leake gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . The A 's took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Robinson Cano drew a one - out walk and Haniger followed with a run - scoring single . Chapman hit a two - out homer in the sixth to give the Athletics a 3 - 2 lead .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox needed a strong outing from James Shields to beat the Tampa Bay Rays . Matt Davidson hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning , and the White Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Bruce Rondon ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Nate Jones pitched the ninth for his first save . Pruitt ( 1 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth . The White Sox have lost four of five . Shields allowed one run and four hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He walked five and struck out six . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on C. J. Cron 's two - out RBI double . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Luis Avilan struck out Matt Duffy to end the threat . The Rays had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Yonny Alvarado struck out Matt Duffy to end the threat . Rays starter James Shields allowed one run and four hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out six and walked five . Luis Avilan got the last two outs of the seventh and Chaz Roe got two outs in the eighth . Yonny Chirinos allowed four hits and struck out five in 5 1/3 scoreless innings for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Luis Avilan struck out the side in the eighth , and Nate Jones worked the ninth for his first save . The White Sox have lost four of five .
LOS ANGELES -- Daniel Mengden and the Oakland Athletics are on a roll . Mengden ( 1 - 2 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- and seven hits in five innings to earn his first major league win , and the Athletics beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 16 - 6 on Tuesday night . Khris Davis and Matt Chapman each homered and drove in two runs , and Yasmani Grandal also homered for the A 's , who have won five of six . The A 's scored six runs in the fourth inning , including a two - run homer by Lowrie and a run - scoring single by Corey Seager . Mengden ( 1 - 2 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in five innings , struck out five and walked none . The right - hander struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The right - hander struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The right - hander struck out five , walked none and hit a batter . Matt Joyce had three hits for the Dodgers , including a two - run homer in the ninth . Marcus Semien had two hits and four RBI , including a two - run double in the fourth that put the Athletics ahead 6 - 1 . Davis hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a run - scoring grounder in the fourth . He also had a run - scoring single in the sixth . Semien had a two - run double in the fourth and a three - run homer in the ninth .
MIAMI -- The New York Mets are on their longest winning streak of the season . Noah Syndergaard pitched six solid innings and the Mets beat the Miami Marlins 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Syndergaard ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Jeurys Familia pitched the ninth for his fifth save in five chances . Jose Urena ( 0 - 2 ) allowed three runs and five hits in five innings for the Marlins , who have lost five of six . The Mets have lost three of their past four games and are 2 - 6 on their homestand . They 've lost six of their past seven games . They 've lost six of their past seven games . They 've lost six of their past seven games . They 've lost six of their past seven games . They 've lost six of their past seven games . The Mets scored in the second inning on Adrian Gonzalez 's RBI single and Jay Bruce 's two - out RBI single . The Mets added a run in the fifth on an RBI single by Dietrich and a run - scoring single by Rosario , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a triple . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Dietrich and a run - scoring single by Jay Bruce . The Mets scored in the third on an RBI single by Dietrich and a run - scoring single by Jay Bruce . Syndergaard allowed five hits and two walks in six innings . He struck out five .
BOSTON -- Rafael Devers and the Boston Red Sox are on a roll . Devers hit a two - run double and Christian Vazquez had two hits and drove in a run , leading the Red Sox to an 8 - 7 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . The Red Sox trailed 7 - 2 before rallying to tie it in the eighth . Rafael Devers hit a two - run double and Christian Vazquez had an RBI single before Craig Kimbrel struck out Andrew Benintendi to end it . Carson Smith ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth for his third save . Hanley Ramirez had two hits and two RBIs for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Rays starter Eduardo Rodriguez struck out seven in 3 2/3 innings , allowing three runs and five hits . He struck out seven and walked two . Cron led off the second inning with his first homer of the season , a drive into the Green Monster seats . The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a run - scoring double by Carlos Gomez and a run - scoring single by Brad Miller . Cron led off the second inning with his first homer of the season , a towering shot into the left - field seats . The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a run - scoring double by Adeiny Hechavarria and a run - scoring single by Brad Miller . Cron led off the second inning with his first homer of the season , a drive into the Green Monster seats . It was the first homer allowed by Rodriguez in the majors this season .
CHICAGO -- Mike Fiers did n't have his best stuff , and the Detroit Tigers did n't need much offense . Fiers ( 1 - 0 ) pitched six innings of three - hit ball in his first start of the season , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Chicago White Sox 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Fiers ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three hits and struck out six in his first start of the season . The right - hander , who signed a $ 36 million , three - year deal with the Tigers in the offseason , struck out six and walked one . Shane Greene pitched the ninth for his second save . Reynaldo Lopez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed an unearned run and two hits in seven innings for Chicago . He struck out five and walked five . Lopez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked five . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Miguel Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . Leonys Martin led off the game with a single , stole second and went to third on catcher Jeimer Candelario 's throwing error . Martin scored on Miguel Cabrera 's sacrifice fly to make it 1 - 0 . Detroit loaded the bases with one out in the first , but Fiers struck out Jose Iglesias and got Leury Garcia to ground into a 1 - 2 - 3 double play . The Tigers had runners on first and second with one out in the second , but Fiers struck out Yoan Moncada and got Leury Garcia to ground into a 1 - 2 - 3 double play .
MILWAUKEE -- Ian Happ 's two - run single capped a four - run rally in the ninth inning that lifted the Chicago Cubs to a 5 - 2 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Kris Bryant homered for the second straight game , and Eric Thames also went deep for the Cubs , who have won four of five . Cubs starter Zach Davies allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked three . Pedro Strop ( 2 - 0 ) got the last two outs of the eighth for the win . Brandon Morrow pitched the ninth for his first save . Jacob Barnes ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up four runs -- two earned -- on three hits and two walks in two - thirds of an inning . Brewers starter Yu Darvish struck out nine in six innings , allowing one run and two hits . He struck out nine and walked one . Milwaukee 's Yu Darvish allowed one run and two hits in six innings . He struck out nine , walked one and hit a batter . Milwaukee 's Yu Darvish allowed one run and two hits in six innings . He struck out nine , walked one and hit a batter . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Bryant led off with a homer , his first of the season . Bryant tied it at 1 with a leadoff homer in the sixth , his third of the season . The Cubs tied it in the bottom half when Bryant led off with his second homer of the season . It was the first homer allowed by Darvish this season .
PITTSBURGH -- The Cincinnati Reds have been waiting for Eugenio Suarez and the Cincinnati Reds . Suarez hit a tiebreaking , three - run homer in the eighth inning and the Reds rallied to beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Suarez had a two - run single in the sixth and a two - out , two - run single in the sixth to give the Reds a 4 - 0 lead . Suarez had a two - run single in the sixth and a two - out , two - run single in the sixth off George Kontos ( 0 - 1 ) . Wandy Peralta ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win . Raisel Iglesias pitched the ninth for his second save . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the first against Sal Romano , who allowed four runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out one and walked one . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Joey Votto and a sacrifice fly by Josh Harrison . Cincinnati added a run in the second on a double by Jordy Mercer and a two - run double by Corey Dickerson . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Adam Frazier 's RBI single and Suarez 's two - out , two - run single . Kuhl allowed two runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked three . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run double by Corey Dickerson and a sacrifice fly by Jordy Mercer .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Shohei Ohtani and the Los Angeles Angels did n't need much offense . Ohtani hit his first home run of the season , Matt Olson added a two - run shot and the Angels beat the Oakland Athletics 13 - 9 on Tuesday night . Andrelton Simmons had three hits and drove in two runs , and Justin Upton hit a tiebreaking three - run homer in the seventh inning off Blake Treinen ( 0 - 1 ) . Matt Olson and Marcus Semien also homered for the Angels , who took two of three from the A 's . Jim Johnson ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings for his first major league win , allowing one run and one hit in 1 2/3 innings for his first major league win . Blake Wood pitched a scoreless eighth and Ryan Buchter gave up a two - run homer to Justin Upton in the seventh . Oakland starter Parker Bridwell gave up six runs and seven hits in 1 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right - hander was charged with six runs and seven hits in 1 2 - 3 innings . Jed Lowrie had three hits , including a solo homer in the first inning for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Oakland starter Daniel Gossett was charged with five runs and five hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out three . The A 's took a 6 - 0 lead in the second inning , but the A 's responded with three runs in the second . Chapman hit a two - run homer , his first of the season , to make it 6 - 0 . The A 's tied it in the second on a sacrifice fly by Stephen Piscotty and a run - scoring single by Martin Maldonado .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros have been waiting for the Houston Astros to get back to .500 . Brad Peacock ( 1 - 0 ) pitched three scoreless innings to earn his first major league win , and the Astros beat the Baltimore Orioles 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Josh Reddick had three hits for the Astros , who have won four of five . Houston starter Dylan Bundy allowed two runs -- one earned -- and five hits with eight strikeouts in six innings . Houston starter Dallas Keuchel allowed five hits and two runs with four walks and three strikeouts in five - plus innings . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Tim Beckham led off with a double and scored on a fielder 's choice by Craig Gentry . Houston tied it in the second when Derek Fisher walked , stole second base and scored on a fielder 's choice by Adam Jones to tie it at 1 . The Astros tied it in the fourth on an RBI groundout by Marwin Gonzalez . The Astros took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth when Josh Reddick doubled and scored on a groundout by Jake Marisnick . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the second when Reddick doubled and scored on a single by Marwin Gonzalez . The Orioles tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Alex Bregman . Baltimore took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth when Reddick doubled and scored on a groundout by Marwin Gonzalez . Baltimore took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth when Reddick doubled and scored on a groundout by Marwin Gonzalez . Baltimore took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on an RBI groundout by Gonzalez .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Cole Hamels did n't need much help from the Texas Rangers . Hamels struck out a career - high 11 in five innings , and the Texas Rangers beat the Oakland Athletics 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Hamels ( 1 - 1 ) allowed one run and four hits in five innings , struck out a season - high 11 and walked three in his first start of the season . The right - hander struck out 11 and walked three . Keone Kela worked the ninth for his first save . Hamels ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out one and walked one . Joey Gallo homered for the A 's , who have lost five of six . Chad Pinder homered for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Oakland has lost four of five . The A 's had lost four of five . Oakland has lost four of five . The A 's have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their current 10 - game road trip . The A 's have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their current 10 - game road trip . The A 's have lost four straight and eight of 10 . Oakland 's Robinson Chirinos had two hits and drove in a run for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Odor 's RBI single in the fourth made it 4 - 1 . Chirinos ' RBI groundout in the second gave the Rangers a 2 - 0 lead . Pinder hit his first home run of the season in the third .
PITTSBURGH -- The Pittsburgh Pirates have n't been able to find a way to get back into the postseason . Colin Moran hit a grand slam , Colin Moran hit a three - run homer and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Minnesota Twins 5 - 4 on Wednesday night . Lynn ( 0 - 1 ) allowed five runs and three hits in four - plus innings , walking six and striking out three . Colin Moran hit a three - run homer in the first inning and Brian Dozier added a solo shot in the sixth for the Pirates , who have won five of six . Taillon ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings , striking out a career - high nine and walking none . George Kontos pitched the ninth for his first save . Lance Lynn ( 0 - 1 ) allowed five runs and three hits in four - plus innings . He walked six and struck out three . The Pirates scored five runs in the first inning to take a 5 - 0 lead . Moran hit a three - run homer off Edgar Santana to make it 5 - 1 . Eduardo Escobar 's RBI double in the sixth cut the lead to 5 - 4 . Max Kepler 's RBI double in the sixth cut the lead to 5 - 4 , but Moran hit a three - run homer in the bottom of the inning to give the Twins a 5 - 0 lead . It was the first grand slam of his career and the first by a Pirates pitcher this season . Moran hit a three - run homer off Lynn in the first inning , his first of the season .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Shohei Ohtani 's first major league win was a big reason for the Los Angeles Angels . Ohtani allowed three hits over six innings , Matt Chapman hit a three - run homer and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Oakland Athletics 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Ohtani ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three runs and three hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Ohtani hit a three - run homer off Daniel Gossett ( 0 - 1 ) in the second inning to give the Angels a 2 - 0 lead . Chapman hit a three - run homer in the second inning to give the Angels a 2 - 0 lead . Chapman hit a three - run homer in the second inning to give the Angels a 2 - 0 lead . Chapman hit a three - run homer in the second inning to give the Angels a 2 - 0 lead . Chapman hit a three - run homer in the second to give the Angels a 2 - 0 lead . Chapman hit a three - run homer in the second to give the Angels a 2 - 0 lead . Chapman hit a three - run homer in the second to give the Angels a 2 - 0 lead . Chapman hit a three - run homer in the second inning to give the Angels a 2 - 0 lead . Chapman hit a three - run homer off Chris Hatcher in the bottom half to make it 2 - 0 . Simmons had three hits , including a two - run single in the seventh . Keynan Middleton got the final two outs for his first career save .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Boston Red Sox had a lot of opportunities against Tampa Bay Rays manager Joe Maddon . Hector Devers hit a tiebreaking RBI single in the sixth inning , and the Red Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Brad Miller homered and J. D. Martinez had an RBI single for the Red Sox , who took two of three from Tampa Bay . Hector Velazquez ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and five hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Red Sox . Joe Kelly worked the ninth for his first save of the season . Jose Alvarado ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss . Rays starter Jake Faria allowed one run and four hits in four - plus innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by J. D. Martinez . Tampa Bay tied it at 1 in the fifth on a two - out RBI single by Rafael Devers , but the Red Sox tied it in the sixth . Mookie Betts led off with a single , stole second and went to third on catcher Wilson Ramos ' throwing error . Betts stole third and scored on Joey Wendle 's single to right . Miller homered off Jake Faria in the second , his first of the season . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Jackie Bradley Jr. and a run - scoring single by J. D. Martinez . Tampa Bay tied it at 1 in the fifth on a two - out RBI single by Rafael Devers , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a triple .
SEATTLE -- Nelson Cruz and the Seattle Mariners did n't need much offense . Nelson Cruz homered and drove in three runs , Wade LeBlanc won for the first time in more than a year and the Mariners beat the Texas Rangers 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Nelson Cruz hit a two - run homer in the third inning and Nomar Mazara added a solo shot in the fourth to give the Mariners a 3 - 0 lead . LeBlanc ( 1 - 0 ) gave up one run and four hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . Seattle starter Mike Minor ( 4 - 4 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Mariners scored a run in the first inning on a sacrifice fly by Mitch Haniger and a sacrifice fly by Jean Segura . Nomar Mazara added a solo homer in the fourth for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost six of their last seven games . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost six of their last seven games and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost six of their past seven games . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost six of their past eight games and have lost six of their last seven . Texas has lost six of seven . The Rangers have lost six of their past eight games and have lost six of their last seven . Texas has lost six of seven .
ATLANTA -- Sean Newcomb is pitching like the ace of the Atlanta Braves . Newcomb pitched seven strong innings , Ozzie Albies had two hits and drove in a run and the Braves beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Newcomb ( 6 - 1 ) allowed two runs and four hits , walked two and struck out two in seven innings . Arodys Vizcaino pitched the ninth for his 10th save . Tanner Roark ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs , four earned , and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked five and struck out three . Anthony Rendon had two hits and drove in two runs for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Washington took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Anthony Rendon and a run - scoring double by Anthony Rendon . Washington tied it in the second on a double by Preston Tucker and a run - scoring single by Rendon . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on an RBI double by Rendon and a run - scoring double by Preston Tucker . Washington tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Bryce Harper . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on an RBI single by Rendon and a run - scoring double by Preston Tucker . Washington tied the game in the third on an RBI double by Preston Tucker and a run - scoring single by Freddie Freeman . Washington tied the game in the third on an RBI double by Rendon and a run - scoring double by Preston Tucker . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Rendon 's RBI single and Newcomb 's run - scoring fielder 's choice .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Daniel Mengden pitched eight strong innings , and the Oakland Athletics beat the Tampa Bay Rays 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Mengden ( 6 - 4 ) allowed three runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out five and walked two . Matt Joyce homered and Stephen Piscotty had a two - run double for the A 's , who have won four of five . Rays starter Ryan Yarbrough struck out a career - high nine in 5 2/3 innings , allowing three runs and five hits . He walked three and struck out a career - high nine . Ryne Stanek ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss . Matt Chapman hit a two - run homer in the eighth , and Wilson Ramos added a two - run double in the ninth for the A 's . Blake Treinen got the final out for his 13th save in 14 chances . Rays starter Ryan Yarbrough struck out a career - high nine in 5 2/3 innings , giving up three runs and five hits . He walked three and struck out a career - high nine . The A 's scored three runs in the second inning to take a 3 - 0 lead . Stephen Piscotty hit a two - run double and Mark Canha added a two - out RBI single to make it 3 - 0 . Chapman hit a two - run homer off Vidal Nuno in the eighth to make it 7 - 0 . Chapman hit a two - run homer off Vidal Nuno in the eighth to make it 7 - 0 . Chapman hit a two - run homer off Vidal Nuno in the eighth to make it 7 - 0 .
SAN DIEGO -- San Diego Padres manager Bud Black came out to talk to pinch - hitter Hunter Renfroe with the bases loaded in the ninth inning . Hunter Renfroe 's pinch - hit single with one out in the bottom of the ninth lifted the San Diego Padres to a 3 - 2 victory over the Miami Marlins on Tuesday night . Renfroe 's pinch - hit single off Brad Ziegler ( 0 - 5 ) scored Freddy Galvis with the winning run . Freddy Galvis led off the bottom of the ninth with a single off Brad Ziegler ( 0 - 5 ) and advanced to second on a wild pitch . Manuel Margot was intentionally walked to load the bases , and pinch - hitter Matt Szczur pinch - ran for Renfroe , who drove in pinch - runner Matt Szczur with a pinch - hit single . Matt Strahm ( 1 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Starlin Castro hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Marlins , who have lost three of four . Clayton Richard allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings , struck out five and walked one . The Marlins have lost six of seven . Miami 's Jose Urena allowed one run and three hits in six innings , struck out six and walked two . The Marlins have lost six of seven . Miami 's Franmil Reyes homered in the fourth to tie the score at 2 - all . It was his first career home run . Miami 's J. T. Realmuto was aboard on a one - out walk . The Padres tied it in the bottom of the inning on a sacrifice fly by Eric Hosmer .
ATLANTA -- Charlie Culberson 's first career game - ending homer in the ninth inning helped the Atlanta Braves to a 4 - 3 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Culberson hit a pinch - hit , two - run homer off Seth Lugo ( 1 - 1 ) in the bottom of the ninth to give the Braves a 4 - 3 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Shane Camargo led off the ninth with a single off Seth Lugo ( 1 - 1 ) . Charlie Culberson followed with a pinch - hit , two - run homer off Shane Carle ( 3 - 1 ) to give the Braves a 4 - 3 lead . Shane Fried ( 0 - 2 ) gave up two runs and four hits in five innings for the Mets . He struck out six and walked three . Devin Mesoraco led off the ninth with a homer off Shane Carle ( 3 - 1 ) , and Charlie Culberson hit a pinch - hit , two - run homer off Shane Carle ( 3 - 1 ) to give the Mets a 3 - 2 lead in the bottom of the inning . Tyler Flowers homered off Shane deGrom in the seventh for his third homer of the season . deGrom allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked three . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Luis Guillorme 's RBI double . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Brandon Nimmo reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second and scored on Luis Guillorme 's double to left - center .
NEW YORK -- Justin Verlander and the rest of the Houston Astros are on a roll . Verlander pitched effectively into the seventh inning , J. D. Davis hit a three - run homer and the Astros beat the New York Yankees 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 7 - 2 ) allowed one run and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander struck out five and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . Greg Bird homered off Domingo German ( 0 - 3 ) in the seventh , and J. D. Davis hit a three - run homer off A. J. Cole in the second . Evan Gattis added an RBI single in the fourth for the Astros , who have won four straight and eight of 10 . Yankees manager Joe Girardi was ejected in the seventh inning for arguing a called third strike on a 3 - 2 pitch . He was ejected for arguing a called third strike on a 3 - 2 pitch in the seventh inning . The Yankees took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on a three - run homer by J. D. Davis and a run - scoring single by Evan Gattis . Verlander ( 7 - 2 ) allowed one run and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 1.11 ERA in four starts against the Yankees this season . The Astros have won five of their last six games .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Jason Hammel and the Kansas City Royals are on a roll . Hammel struck out a career - high 10 in 5 1/3 scoreless innings , Salvador Perez hit a two - run homer and the Royals beat the Texas Rangers 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Hammel ( 2 - 5 ) struck out a season - high 10 in 5 1/3 innings , allowing four hits and two walks . He struck out a season - high 10 and walked two . The Rangers have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 14 games over .500 . Hamels ( 3 - 5 ) allowed five runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out two and walked three . The Rangers had a chance to score in the first when Whit Merrifield led off with a single and advanced to third on a wild pitch . But Hammel retired the next two batters to end the threat . Chirinos hit a two - run homer in the seventh to make it 5 - 3 . Joey Gallo homered in the seventh for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Hamels , who had won three straight starts , gave up five runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out two , walked three and hit a batter . Butera 's solo homer in the second inning made it 3 - 0 . The Royals had a chance to score in the first when Jon Jay led off with a single , stole second and went to third on a wild pitch . But Hammel retired the next two batters to end the threat . Perez hit a two - run single in the first for Kansas City . Butera 's solo homer in the second made it 5 - 0 .
NEW YORK -- The New York Yankees are on their longest winning streak of the season . Masahiro Tanaka pitched six strong innings , Aaron Hicks and Miguel Andujar each hit a bases - loaded walk and the New York Yankees beat the Los Angeles Angels 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Tanaka ( 6 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings , striking out eight and walking three . The right - hander struck out eight and walked three . Aroldis Chapman pitched the ninth for his 11th save . Garrett Richards ( 4 - 4 ) gave up three runs and three hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out three . Aaron Hicks drew a bases - loaded walk in the third and Miguel Andujar drove in a run with a fielder 's choice grounder in the third . Aaron Hicks drew a bases - loaded walk in the third and Greg Bird hit a bases - loaded bases - loaded bases - loaded bases - loaded bases - loaded bases - loaded bases - loaded bases - loaded bases - loaded bases - loaded bases - loaded walk to make it 3 - 0 . Aaron Hicks drew a bases - loaded walk in the third and Miguel Andujar drove in a run with a fielder 's choice in the third . Aaron Hicks drew a bases - loaded walk in the third , and Aaron Hicks drew a bases - loaded walk in the third to make it 3 - 0 . Aaron Hicks drew a bases - loaded walk in the third and Miguel Andujar drove in a run with a fielder 's choice in the third . Simmons homered in the sixth .
DETROIT -- Jose Abreu and the Chicago White Sox are n't going to need to be able to get back on track . Abreu went 4 - for - 4 with a homer and two doubles , and the Chicago White Sox beat the Detroit Tigers 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Abreu went 4 - for - 4 with a home run and two RBI , and Daniel Palka added a solo shot for the White Sox , who have won four of five . Abreu went 4 - for - 4 with a homer and two doubles , and Daniel Palka added a solo shot for the White Sox . Anderson ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs , two earned , and seven hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . Liriano ( 3 - 2 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out eight , walked three and hit a batter . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Abreu 's RBI double and Anderson 's two - out , two - run homer . Abreu 's solo shot in the fifth gave the White Sox a 4 - 3 lead . Palka added a run - scoring single in the seventh . Candelario 's solo homer in the fifth gave the White Sox a 7 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Abreu , who went 4 - for - 4 with a homer and two doubles . Candelario 's two - run homer in the sixth gave the White Sox a 7 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of his career . Candelario 's solo shot in the fifth gave the White Sox a 7 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of his career . Candelario 's two - run shot in the sixth gave the White Sox a 7 - 3 lead .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Yusmeiro Petit has been a big part of the Oakland Athletics ' pitching staff . Yusmeiro Petit ( 2 - 1 ) pitched three innings of two - hit relief to earn his first major league win , and the Oakland Athletics beat the Seattle Mariners 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Stephen Piscotty had a two - run double and Kyle Seager added an RBI double in the eighth for the A 's , who have won four of five . Yusmeiro Petit ( 2 - 1 ) pitched three scoreless innings for the win . Blake Treinen pitched the final 1 1/3 innings for his 11th save . Hernandez ( 5 - 4 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked one . Seattle starter Josh Lucas gave up two runs and three hits in two - plus innings . He struck out two and walked one . Seattle starter Josh Lucas gave up two runs and three hits in two - plus innings . He struck out two and walked three . Seattle starter Josh Lucas gave up two runs and three hits in two - plus innings . He walked three and struck out one . Jean Segura had three hits for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Jean Segura had three hits for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Seattle starter Josh Lucas left the game in the top of the seventh with a strained left hamstring . He was replaced by Mike Zunino , who pinch - hit in the eighth . Seattle 's David Freitas had an RBI single in the second . The A 's scored four runs in the first inning off Hernandez , who allowed four runs and five hits in six innings .
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting for a long time to find a way to win . Juan Soto led off the bottom of the ninth inning with a single , and the Nationals rallied to beat the San Diego Padres 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Juan Soto led off the bottom of the ninth with a single off Matt Strahm ( 0 - 2 ) , who was making his major league debut . Soto drew a one - out walk off Matt Strahm ( 0 - 2 ) , stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch . He scored on Michael A. Taylor 's double to right - center . Sean Doolittle ( 2 - 2 ) struck out the side in the top of the ninth for the win . Bryce Harper homered for San Diego , which has lost three of four . Franchy Cordero hit a solo homer in the fourth for San Diego , which has lost three of four . Harper tied it in the bottom of the fifth with his 16th homer of the season , a line drive into the right - field seats . It was the first home run allowed by the Padres this season . San Diego starter Jeremy Hellickson allowed one run and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . San Diego starter Eric Lauer gave up one run and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . San Diego 's Jeremy Hellickson allowed one run and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . San Diego 's Anthony Lauer allowed one run and six hits in six innings .
TORONTO -- The Oakland Athletics have been waiting for Dustin Fowler and the rest of the Oakland Athletics . Dustin Fowler homered and drove in two runs , Josh Phegley doubled home the go - ahead run in the seventh inning and the A 's beat the Toronto Blue Jays 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Dustin Piscotty and Dustin Fowler also went deep for the A 's , who have won five of six . Fowler homered off Marco Estrada ( 2 - 4 ) to begin the third inning , and Fowler followed with a drive to left . It was the first time this season the A 's hit back - to - back homers . Fowler also doubled and scored in the seventh . Danny Coulombe ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Blake Treinen got four outs for his ninth save . The Blue Jays lost for the sixth time in eight games . Fowler homered off Josh Lucas to begin the third , his third , and Josh Phegley followed with an RBI double . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out RBI double by Luke Maile . Toronto tied it in the fifth on a two - out RBI double by Gio Petit . Toronto tied it in the bottom half when Fowler doubled , took third on a wild pitch and scored on Urshela 's two - out single . Estrada allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked none and struck out six . Lucas Solarte and Josh Phegley hit back - to - back RBI doubles in the seventh for the Blue Jays in the seventh .
SAN DIEGO -- Colorado Rockies manager Walt Weiss was impressed with the way Tyler Anderson pitched . Anderson pitched effectively into the sixth inning , Gerardo Parra hit a three - run homer and the Rockies beat the San Diego Padres 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Anderson ( 3 - 1 ) allowed four runs , three earned , and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . Gerardo Parra hit a three - run homer in the sixth to give Colorado a 6 - 3 lead . Noel Cuevas hit a solo homer in the fifth for San Diego , which has won four of five . Wade Davis pitched the ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . Makita ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs , three earned , and three hits in one inning . He struck out one and walked none . Daniel Castro homered for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Padres starter Joey Lucchesi allowed three runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked one . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Nolan Arenado 's RBI single . The Padres tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by A. J. Ellis . The Padres tied it at 1 in the bottom half on Galvis ' two - out single . Colorado tied it at 1 in the bottom half on Castro 's two - out , three - run homer . Colorado tied it at 1 in the fourth on a two - out RBI single by Manuel Margot . The Padres tied it in the fifth on Parra 's three - run homer .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants are on the verge of being the NL 's top team in the NL West . Brandon Belt homered and drove in three runs , Scott Schebler had three hits and the San Francisco Giants beat the Cincinnati Reds 10 - 7 on Tuesday night . Buster Posey and Andrew McCutchen each had two hits and drove in a run . Belt had three hits , including a solo homer , and drove in three runs for the Giants , who have won four of five . Brandon Crawford had two hits and drove in two runs for the Reds . Chris Stratton ( 4 - 3 ) allowed four runs and nine hits in five innings for the Giants , who have won four of five . Sal Romano ( 2 - 4 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 2 1/3 innings for the Reds , who have lost five of six . Barnhart 's two - run homer in the fourth made it 6 - 4 . Schebler led off the sixth with a home run to left - center off Dylan Floro , and Belt added a two - run double in the sixth to make it 9 - 4 . Duvall hit a three - run homer in the ninth off Austin Brice . Barnhart 's two - run homer in the ninth gave the Giants a 9 - 4 lead . It was Barnhart 's third home run of the season and second in two days . He also had an RBI single in the first . Barnhart 's two - run homer in the fourth made it 6 - 4 . It was Barnhart 's fourth home run of the season .
DETROIT -- Niko Goodrum hit a go - ahead grand slam in the eighth inning , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Cleveland Indians 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Goodrum hit a two - run homer off Carlos Carrasco ( 5 - 2 ) in the fourth and added a three - run shot in the eighth to give the Tigers a 6 - 2 lead . Fiers ( 4 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Carlos Carrasco ( 5 - 2 ) allowed three runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Jose Ramirez hit a solo homer in the first inning for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Cleveland 's Mike Fiers ( 4 - 2 ) gave up one run and three hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Pete Kozma 's run - scoring groundout and Goodrum 's two - run homer in the fourth . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Michael Brantley 's two - out single , but Detroit tied it in the third on Goodrum 's two - run homer . The Tigers tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI double by Edwin Encarnacion , and Goodrum 's two - run homer in the eighth gave the Tigers a 6 - 2 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Goodrum , who had a career - high five RBI . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Pete Kozma 's RBI groundout , but the Tigers tied it in the bottom half on Goodrum 's two - run homer .
MIAMI -- Sean Newcomb and the Atlanta Braves finally found a way to beat the Miami Marlins . Newcomb struck out six in six scoreless innings , Ender Inciarte hit a two - run homer and the Braves beat the Miami Marlins 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Newcomb ( 4 - 1 ) allowed one hit in six innings , struck out six and walked four . Arodys Vizcaino gave up pinch - hitter Justin Bour 's three - run homer in the ninth before finishing for his seventh save in eight chances . Ender Inciarte hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Jose Urena ( 0 - 6 ) allowed three runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Nick Markakis hit a two - out RBI single in the first inning for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Miami 's Ronald Acuna Jr. extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first . He stole second and scored on a single by Nick Markakis . Inciarte 's two - out , two - run homer in the sixth gave the Braves a 3 - 0 lead . Inciarte 's two - out , two - run homer in the sixth gave the Braves a 3 - 0 lead . Inciarte 's two - out , two - run homer in the sixth gave the Braves a 3 - 0 lead . Inciarte 's two - out , two - run homer in the sixth gave the Braves a 3 - 0 lead . Inciarte 's two - run homer in the sixth made it 3 - 0 .
LOS ANGELES -- Luis Castillo has been a big part of the Cincinnati Reds ' rotation . Castillo struck out eight in six innings , Joey Votto hit a two - run homer and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Castillo ( 3 - 4 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in six innings , struck out a season - high eight and did n't walk a batter . He struck out a career - high eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Castillo hit a solo homer off Rich Hill ( 1 - 2 ) in the seventh to make it 5 - 1 . Yasmani Grandal homered off Austin Brice with two outs in the seventh to make it 5 - 1 . Yasiel Puig hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot in the third . Eugenio Suarez hit a two - run homer in the third for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Dodgers starter Daniel Hudson allowed one hit in two scoreless innings . He walked two and struck out one . Daniel Hudson pitched two scoreless innings for the Reds , and Raisel Iglesias pitched a perfect ninth for his seventh save in eight chances . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Alex Blandino 's RBI single . The Dodgers took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on a two - run homer by Eugenio Suarez and a two - run shot by Puig . The Dodgers scored three runs in the sixth to take a 5 - 1 lead . Votto hit a two - run homer in the sixth to make it 5 - 1 .
DETROIT -- Robinson Cano and Ryon Healy each hit a three - run homer , and the Seattle Mariners beat the Detroit Tigers 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Robinson Cano hit a three - run homer and Kyle Seager had a two - run double for the Mariners , who have won four of five . Seattle starter Michael Fulmer ( 1 - 3 ) allowed six runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . Hernandez ( 5 - 3 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Mitch Haniger led off with a double and scored on a single by Dixon Machado . Seattle tied it in the bottom half on Nelson Cruz 's RBI single . Seattle tied it in the bottom of the inning on Pete Kozma 's two - out RBI double and a two - run homer by John Hicks . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out , two - run double by Kyle Seager . Seattle tied it in the bottom of the inning on Cano 's three - run homer . Detroit tied it in the bottom of the inning on a two - run homer by Cano . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Dixon Machado 's RBI single . The Tigers tied it in the bottom of the inning on a two - run homer by Cano . Seattle tied it in the bottom of the inning when Cano hit a three - run homer , his third .
DENVER -- The Milwaukee Brewers had a big hit in the ninth inning , and the Milwaukee Brewers rallied to beat the Colorado Rockies 11 - 10 on Tuesday night . Travis Shaw had three hits , including a home run , and drove in three runs for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Milwaukee has won six of seven . The Brewers have won five of six and have the best record in the majors . The Brewers have lost five of six and are a season - high 16 games over .500 . The Rockies have lost six of seven . Colorado 's Chad Bettis gave up a career - high seven runs and 10 hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out three . Josh Hader pitched the 10th for his sixth save in eight chances . Lorenzo Cain led off the game with a triple and scored on Ryan Braun 's sacrifice fly . The Brewers took a 4 - 3 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Orlando Arcia and a sacrifice fly by Trevor Story . The Rockies tied it in the bottom half on Shaw 's RBI single . The Brewers tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Christian Arenado , but the Brewers tied it in the bottom half on an RBI double by Hernan Perez and a run - scoring single by Gerardo Parra . The Rockies tied it in the sixth on a run - scoring double by Ian Desmond and a run - scoring double by DJ LeMahieu . Milwaukee tied it at 8 in the sixth on an RBI double by Hernan Perez and a run - scoring double by Christian Arcia . The Rockies tied it in the sixth on Pina 's two - run homer off Chris Rusin .
SAN DIEGO -- Jeremy Hellickson made his major league debut for the Washington Nationals . Hellickson pitched two - hit ball into the seventh inning , Matt Adams hit an RBI double and the Nationals beat the San Diego Padres 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Hellickson ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two hits , struck out eight and did not walk a batter . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his big league career . The Padres have won five of their last six games . The Padres have lost six of seven . They have won five of six . The Padres have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . Richard ( 1 - 5 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in a career - high eight innings . He struck out a season - high eight and did not walk a batter . He struck out a season - high eight and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out a season - high eight and did not walk a batter . Ryan Zimmerman doubled and scored on a single by Pedro Severino in the seventh to give the Nationals a 3 - 0 lead . Ryan Zimmerman doubled and scored on Pedro Suero 's sacrifice fly in the ninth to make it 4 - 0 . Andrew Stevenson had a sacrifice fly in the ninth to give the Nationals a 4 - 0 lead .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Mike Fiers has been a big part of the Detroit Tigers ' rotation . Fiers ( 3 - 2 ) allowed two runs over 5 1/3 innings to win for the first time in four starts , and the Tigers beat the Texas Rangers 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Fiers ( 3 - 2 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Victor Martinez hit a two - run homer in the first for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Jose Iglesias hit a two - run homer in the second for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Jeimer Candelario hit a solo homer in the first for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Jurickson Profar hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Texas has lost four of five . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas has lost four of five . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas has lost four of five . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas has lost four of five . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - hitter John Hicks hit a sacrifice fly off Blaine Hardy to make it 6 - 4 . Beltre had an RBI single in the eighth and a run - scoring single in the eighth . Shane Greene got four outs for his seventh save in nine chances . The Tigers had a chance to score in the first when Niko Goodrum led off with a single , stole second and went to third on a wild pitch . But Fiers got Iglesias to ground into a double play .
CHICAGO -- Eddie Rosario had a career - high four hits , including a two - run homer in the third inning , and the Minnesota Twins beat the Chicago White Sox 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Rosario had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run homer in the third . He also had a two - run double in the fourth . Rosario also had a two - run double in the fourth , and the Twins went ahead 8 - 1 in the third . Lynn ( 1 - 3 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out seven and did not walk a batter for the second time this season . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox scored three runs in the first inning off Hector Santiago ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up eight runs and six hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked six and struck out two . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Eduardo Escobar 's RBI double and Rosario 's run - scoring single . Jose Abreu 's RBI single made it 3 - 0 in the first , and Rosario followed with a two - run double to make it 6 - 1 . Rosario added a two - run double in the fourth to give the Twins a 6 - 1 lead . Rosario added a two - run double in the fourth to make it 8 - 1 . Lynn ( 1 - 3 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out seven and did not walk a batter for the second time this season .
NEW YORK -- Miguel Andujar and the New York Yankees got a big hit . Miguel Andujar hit a game - ending RBI single with two outs in the ninth inning , lifting the Yankees to a 7 - 6 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Miguel Andujar hit a two - out RBI single off Alexi Ogando ( 0 - 1 ) to give the Yankees a 6 - 5 lead in the eighth . Miguel Andujar hit a two - out RBI single off Aroldis Chapman ( 1 - 0 ) , and Miguel Andujar hit a two - out , three - run homer off Chasen Shreve to make it 5 - all . Jose Ramirez had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth that put the Indians ahead 6 - 5 . Torres hit a three - run homer off David Robertson in the eighth to give the Yankees a 5 - 3 lead . It was the first home run allowed by David Robertson this season , and the second time this season the Yankees have hit back - to - back home runs . Torres hit a three - run shot off Chasen Shreve to make it 5 - all in the eighth . It was Zimmer 's first home run since July 26 , 2011 , against the New York Yankees . He also hit a two - run shot in the ninth inning of a 5 - 4 win over the New York Yankees on Tuesday night . Torres hit a three - run homer off David Robertson in the eighth to give the Yankees a 5 - 0 lead . It was the first home run allowed by David Robertson this season , and the first since July 26 , 2011 , against the New York Mets . Cleveland 's Josh Tomlin allowed three hits in seven innings , striking out four and walking none . The right - hander struck out seven and walked none in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained right shoulder . The right - hander allowed three hits and struck out seven in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained right lat muscle . The right - hander allowed five runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked none .
ST. LOUIS -- Matt Carpenter and the St. Louis Cardinals had a chance to tie it in the bottom of the ninth inning . Carpenter homered leading off the ninth , Yadier Molina singled home the winning run and the Cardinals rallied to beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Matt Carpenter and Tommy Pham hit back - to - back home runs off Joakim Soria ( 0 - 1 ) to tie it in the ninth . Marcell Ozuna led off the ninth with a single off Joakim Soria ( 0 - 1 ) and advanced to second on Matt Davidson 's sacrifice . Molina followed with an RBI single to center to give the Cardinals a 2 - 1 lead . Bud Norris ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth to earn his first major league win . Cardinals starter James Shields gave up one run and two hits in six innings . He struck out four and did not walk a batter . The White Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Yoan Moncada 's two - out , two - run double off Michael Wacha . Pham hit a leadoff homer in the first , and Yoan Moncada 's two - out , two - run double in the fourth gave the White Sox a 2 - 1 lead . The White Sox tied it in the fourth . Adam Engel led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch . He scored on Moncada 's two - out double to left - center . The Cardinals tied it in the fourth when Adam Engel led off with a single and scored on a single by Nicky Delmonico .
CHICAGO -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting for Logan Morrison to come through in the clutch . Morrison hit a tiebreaking homer in the seventh inning , Max Kepler drove in the go - ahead run with a bases - loaded walk and the Minnesota Twins beat the Chicago White Sox 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Logan Morrison hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Twins , who have won four of five . Morrison led off the bottom of the ninth with a homer off Hector Santiago ( 2 - 3 ) , and Max Kepler followed with a two - out , bases - loaded walk . Alan Busenitz ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Minnesota starter Lucas Giolito allowed one run and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . Giolito allowed one run and four hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out three and walked four . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh when Avisail Garcia led off with a single , stole second and went to third on catcher Mitch Garver 's throwing error . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Trevor Hildenberger struck out pinch - hitter Joe Mauer to end the threat . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Trevor Hildenberger struck out pinch - hitter Joe Mauer to end the threat . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Addison Reed struck out Charlie Grossman to end the threat .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Brandon Crawford 's first career game - ending homer in the bottom of the ninth inning gave the San Francisco Giants a 1 - 0 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Brandon Musgrave ( 0 - 3 ) took the loss , allowing one hit and one run in two - thirds of an inning . Moronta ( 4 - 1 ) got two outs in the ninth for the win . Brandon Crawford hit a solo homer in the bottom of the ninth to give the Rockies a 1 - 0 lead . It was the first game - ending homer of Crawford 's career and his first career game - ending homer . Brandon Crawford hit his first career game - ending homer in the ninth inning off Harrison ( 0 - 3 ) . It was the first game - ending homer of Crawford 's career and his first career game - ending homer . It was the first game - ending home run of the season for Crawford , who hit a two - run homer in the 10th inning of San Francisco 's 5 - 4 win over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Tuesday night . The Giants have won five of their last six games against the Rockies . Kyle Freeland allowed four hits and struck out four in seven innings for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Bumgarner struck out eight and walked two . He has allowed two earned runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . Bumgarner allowed two hits in seven innings , struck out eight and walked two . It was the first time he had allowed two runs or fewer in a game this season . The Rockies have lost six of seven .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Nathan Eovaldi did n't need much help from the Tampa Bay Rays . Eovaldi struck out a career - high nine in six innings of one - hit ball , and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Washington Nationals 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Eovaldi ( 2 - 3 ) allowed one hit in six innings , striking out nine and walking two . Kelvin Herrera worked around a leadoff walk in the eighth and Sergio Romo got the final two outs for his sixth save . Max Scherzer ( 10 - 4 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings for the Nationals . He struck out four and walked three . The right - hander has a 2.04 ERA in his last five starts . The Nationals have lost four of five . Washington 's Bryce Harper was 1 - for - 2 with a pair of walks . Bryce Harper went 1 - for - 2 with a pair of walks and scored a run for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost four of five . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost four of five . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost four of five . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost four of five . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost four of five . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost four of five . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost four of five . Washington has lost six of seven .
DENVER -- Derek Dietrich was n't surprised to see the Colorado Rockies ' offense come alive . Dietrich went 4 - for - 5 with a home run and two RBI , Nolan Arenado also went deep and the Marlins beat the Colorado Rockies 8 - 5 on Tuesday night . Dietrich had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer , and drove in two runs for the Marlins , who have won four of five . Dietrich had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer , and drove in two runs . Gerardo Parra also homered for the Rockies , who have won four of five . Drew Rusin ( 2 - 1 ) pitched 2 2/3 innings for the win . Kyle Barraclough pitched the ninth for his seventh save in eight chances . The Marlins jumped on German Marquez ( 5 - 8 ) for three runs in the first inning . Dietrich led off with a single and scored on a double by J. T. Realmuto . Arenado followed with a two - run homer to make it 4 - 2 . Dietrich 's solo homer in the second made it 4 - 2 , but the Marlins tied it in the fourth on a two - run single by Justin Bour and a two - run single by Trevor Story . Marquez allowed nine hits and six runs in 3 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . The Rockies took a 4 - 2 lead in the fourth on a two - run homer by Dietrich and a two - run shot by Gerardo Parra . Parra tied it at 5 with a solo homer in the fourth , his second of the season .
NEW YORK -- Cody Bellinger and the rest of the Los Angeles Dodgers are on a roll . Bellinger homered twice and drove in two runs , Justin Turner added a solo shot leading off the 11th inning and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the New York Mets 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Plawecki hit a three - run homer in the eighth off reliever Christopher Flexen ( 0 - 1 ) , and Justin Turner added a solo shot in the 11th for Los Angeles , which has won five of its last six games . Daniel Hudson ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win , and Edward Paredes and Jeurys Familia each pitched a hitless inning . Asdrubal Cabrera hit a two - run homer and Max Muncy added a solo shot for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Joc Pederson hit a tiebreaking solo homer in the seventh , and Enrique Hernandez hit two of New York 's four homers off Chris Beck . Hernandez hit a two - run shot off Chris Beck in the fifth to give the Mets a 4 - 3 lead . Hernandez hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Mets a 4 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Bellinger , who has homered in three straight games . Hernandez hit a two - run shot off Chris Beck in the fifth to give the Mets a 4 - 3 lead . It was his second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 26 , 2011 , against the Los Angeles Dodgers . Hernandez hit a two - run homer off Chris Beck in the eighth , giving the Mets a 7 - 4 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Bellinger , who has homered in three straight games . He has hit safely in each of his last seven games . Hernandez hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Mets a 4 - 3 lead . It was his second multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Hernandez hit a two - run shot in the fifth to give the Mets a 4 - 3 lead . It was his second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 26 . Hernandez hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Mets a 4 - 3 lead . It was his second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 26 , 2011 , against the Los Angeles Dodgers . Hernandez hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Mets a 4 - 3 lead . It was his second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 26 . Hernandez hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Mets a 4 - 3 lead .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Wilmer Adames made the most of the opportunity for the Tampa Bay Rays . Font pitched three - hit ball into the sixth inning , Willy Adames homered and drove in two runs , and the Rays beat the New York Yankees 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Font ( 1 - 3 ) allowed three hits over 5 2/3 innings , striking out four and walking one . The right - hander was coming off a three - hit shutout against the New York Yankees in his previous start , a 4 - 0 win over the New York Yankees . Tampa Bay starter Sonny Gray ( 5 - 5 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . The right - hander struck out seven and walked one . Tampa Bay took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Jake Bauers and a run - scoring double by Daniel Robertson . Tampa Bay made it 3 - 0 in the second on a run - scoring double by Daniel Robertson and a run - scoring single by Jake Bauers . Adames made it 3 - 0 with a two - out RBI single in the second . Tampa Bay went ahead 3 - 0 in the second on a run - scoring double by Daniel Robertson and a run - scoring double by Daniel Robertson . Adames made it 3 - 0 with a two - out RBI single in the second . Tampa Bay went ahead 3 - 0 in the second on a run - scoring double by Daniel Robertson and a run - scoring double by Daniel Robertson . Adames hit a two - out RBI single in the second .
CHICAGO -- Franklin Barreto was n't surprised to see Sean Manaea pitch in the majors for the first time in his big league career . Barreto had a career - high six RBIs and the Oakland Athletics beat the Chicago White Sox 11 - 2 on Tuesday night . Barreto had a career - high six RBI , and Sean Manaea ( 7 - 6 ) won for the first time in four starts . He allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked none . The White Sox have won five of their last six games . The White Sox have lost four of five . Barreto , who had been mired in a 1 - for - 18 slump , hit a three - run homer in the eighth . He also had a three - run shot off Josh Lucas in the eighth . Shields ( 2 - 9 ) gave up eight runs -- two earned -- and five hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The White Sox have lost five of six . The White Sox have lost five of six . The White Sox have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their current 10 - game road trip . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their current 10 - game road trip . The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their current 10 - game road trip . The White Sox have lost six of seven .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Diego Padres have been waiting for a long time to get back to the playoffs . Clayton Richard pitched six solid innings and the Padres beat the San Francisco Giants 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Richard ( 7 - 6 ) allowed two runs and three hits in six innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . The right - hander has won his last three starts against the Giants , who have won four of five . The Giants have won four of their last five games . San Francisco has lost four of five . The Giants have lost six of seven . Chris Stratton ( 8 - 5 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and nine hits in six innings for San Francisco . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Cory Spangenberg doubled and scored on Freddy Galvis ' single . Margot 's RBI double in the second tied it at 1 . Margot 's two - out double in the sixth gave the Padres a 3 - 1 lead . Margot 's two - out RBI double in the sixth gave the Padres a 3 - 1 lead . It was Margot 's second RBI of the game . Gorkys Hernandez doubled leading off the first and scored on Margot 's double . Margot 's RBI double in the sixth tied the score at 1 - all . The Giants tied it in the second on Pablo Sandoval 's two - out RBI single .
NEW YORK -- The New York Yankees are on their longest winning streak since a seven - game slide in August 2012 . Domingo German pitched seven strong innings , Aaron Hicks and Miguel Andujar homered and the Yankees beat the Seattle Mariners 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . German German ( 2 - 4 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and two hits in seven innings . He struck out a career - high nine and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander struck out nine and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . Nelson Cruz hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Marco Gonzales ( 7 - 4 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . Aaron Hicks hit a two - run homer in the fifth for the Mariners , who have lost five of six . Stanton homered in the bottom half to make it 5 - 2 . It was the first home run by a Yankees player this season , according to ESPN Stats & Info . Stanton homered off Nick Rumbelow in the eighth to make it 7 - 2 . It was the first time this season the Yankees hit back - to - back homers . Torres hit a two - run shot off Nick Cole in the fifth to make it 5 - 1 , and Andujar connected in the fifth . It was Andujar 's fourth of the season and second in two days . It was the first time this season the Yankees hit back - to - back homers . Stanton hit a solo shot off Nick Rumbelow in the eighth , his 21st .
PITTSBURGH -- The Milwaukee Brewers have been waiting for the Milwaukee Brewers to get back to .500 . Freddy Peralta pitched six innings of two - hit ball , Jesus Aguilar hit a two - run homer and the Brewers beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Peralta ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two hits , struck out seven and did n't walk a batter . He struck out seven and walked none . Corey Knebel pitched the ninth for his seventh save . Jameson Taillon ( 4 - 6 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings for the Pirates . He struck out seven and walked one . Jesus Aguilar hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Starling Marte added a solo shot in the eighth off Jeremy Jeffress to pull the Pirates to 3 - 2 . Jordy Mercer hit an RBI double off Jeremy Jeffress in the seventh to make it 3 - 1 . Jordy Mercer 's RBI double in the seventh made it 3 - 1 , but the Pirates could n't hold the lead . Aguilar hit a two - run homer in the first and Aguilar added a run - scoring double in the third . Milwaukee scored three times in the seventh to take a 3 - 0 lead . Lorenzo Cain led off with a single , stole second and scored on Aguilar 's double . Aguilar hit a two - run homer in the first , his 19th of the season . The Brewers added a run in the seventh on a double by Josh Bell and a run - scoring double by Hernan Perez . Pittsburgh 's Tyler Glasnow struck out four in two scoreless innings .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros had a lot of opportunities against the Tampa Bay Rays ' bullpen . Alex Bregman hit a two - run double with one out in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the Astros to a 5 - 4 win over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . The Astros trailed 4 - 0 after two innings , but the Astros rallied for a 5 - 4 win over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . The Astros trailed 4 - 0 in the fourth inning before rallying for a 5 - 4 win over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Collin McHugh ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Sergio Romo ( 1 - 2 ) took the loss . The Rays have lost four of five . Rays starter Gerrit Cole allowed three hits and four runs in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked five . The Rays scored four runs in the third inning to take a 4 - 0 lead . Joey Wendle hit a two - run single and Yuli Gurriel had a run - scoring single to make it 4 - 2 . Ramos hit a two - run homer in the first inning to give the Rays a 2 - 0 lead . It was Ramos ' 21st of the season and second in two games . Ramos hit a two - run homer in the first inning to give the Rays a 2 - 0 lead . Cole allowed three hits and four runs -- four earned -- in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked five . Rays starter Matt Andriese allowed three runs and four hits in 2 2/3 innings .
CHICAGO -- Nicholas Castellanos hit a two - run homer off James Shields in the first inning , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Nicholas Castellanos hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Matt Davidson added a solo shot in the second to give the Tigers a 3 - 1 lead . Shields ( 2 - 8 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked four . The White Sox have lost five of six . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind first - place Detroit in the AL Central . Joe Jimenez struck out the side in the ninth for his second save in three chances . The White Sox have lost four of five . Castellanos hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Shields , who allowed three runs and six hits in six innings .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels are going to need to make a push for a playoff spot . Ian Kinsler and Mike Trout each had three hits , Tyler Skaggs pitched seven strong innings and the Angels beat the Oakland Athletics 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Skaggs ( 6 - 4 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in seven innings , struck out eight and walked one . The right - hander struck out eight and walked one . Ian Kinsler hit a solo home run for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Angels starter Chris Bassitt ( 0 - 2 ) gave up six runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in four innings . He struck out three and walked one . The A 's took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on an RBI single by Trout and a run - scoring single by Jose_Miguel Fernandez . The Angels added two more runs in the third on RBI singles by Josh Phegley and Jose_Miguel Briceno , who had three hits . Trout had a sacrifice fly in the fifth and a sacrifice fly in the fifth . The A 's scored three runs in the fifth to make it 8 - 2 . Jed Lowrie had three hits for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Oakland scored twice in the fifth to make it 8 - 2 . Kinsler drew a bases - loaded walk to force in a bases - loaded walk to make it 8 - 0 . Skaggs ( 6 - 4 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked one .
MIAMI -- The Miami Marlins had a lot of chances against the San Francisco Giants . Trevor Richards pitched six innings to earn his first major league win , and the Marlins beat the San Francisco Giants 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . The Marlins won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 6 - 1 against the Giants this season . Trevor Richards ( 1 - 3 ) allowed one run and two hits in six innings to earn his first major league win . Kyle Barraclough pitched the ninth for his fourth save . Chris Stratton ( 7 - 4 ) allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings for San Francisco . He walked three and struck out three . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Brandon Crawford 's RBI groundout . Starlin Castro 's RBI single in the third tied the game at 1 . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Brian Anderson singled , stole second and scored on a single by JT Riddle . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Derek Dietrich doubled , took third on a groundout and scored on a groundout by Starlin Castro . Miami went ahead 3 - 1 in the third on a two - run double by JT Riddle and a two - run double by JT Riddle . Stratton ( 7 - 4 ) allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out three , walked three and hit a batter . Miami 's Hunter Pence extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first . He was replaced by pinch - runner Alen Hanson .
BALTIMORE -- The Boston Red Sox have been waiting for Rafael Devers to deliver a home run . Devers hit a two - run homer , Eduardo Rodriguez pitched effectively into the sixth inning and the Red Sox beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Joey Rickard and Andrew Benintendi also homered for the Red Sox , who have won four of five . Rodriguez ( 8 - 1 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings , striking out four and walking two . The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.91 ERA in his last five starts . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Xander Bogaerts led off with a walk and scored on a single by Christian Vazquez . Devers hit a two - run homer in the second , and Benintendi hit a solo shot in the third . Rickard led off the third with a double and scored on Christian Vazquez 's single . Hess ( 2 - 3 ) gave up five runs and five hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out two . Baltimore went up 2 - 1 in the second inning when Devers hit a two - run homer and Benintendi made it 3 - 1 with a solo shot in the third . Hess allowed two runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four , walked two and hit a batter . Baltimore went up 2 - 1 in the second inning when Devers hit a two - run homer , his third of the season . The Red Sox took a 4 - 2 lead in the fourth on RBI singles by Vazquez and Vazquez .
PHOENIX -- The Arizona Diamondbacks have been waiting for Jake Lamb to come off the disabled list . Lamb hit a three - run homer in the seventh inning and the Diamondbacks rallied for a 9 - 5 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Lamb hit a three - run homer off Edgar Crick ( 0 - 1 ) in the bottom of the eighth to give the Diamondbacks a 5 - 5 lead . Daniel Descalso added a two - run triple and Nick Ahmed had an RBI single for the Diamondbacks . Archie Bradley ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Dovydas Neverauskas ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing two runs on one hit and a walk in one - third of an inning . Pittsburgh 's Patrick Corbin gave up five runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on Austin Meadows ' two - run double and David Freese 's run - scoring single . Austin Meadows hit a two - run double and Starling Marte added a two - run single in the fifth to give the Pirates a 5 - 0 lead . Arizona starter Joe Musgrove gave up three runs , two earned , and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the second time in his last four starts . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on Austin Meadows ' two - run double and a two - run double by Austin Meadows . The Pirates broke the game open with a four - run fifth . Josh Harrison led off with a walk , Chris Owings walked and Austin Meadows hit a two - run double . Meadows then hit a two - run double to left - center to make it 5 - 0 .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Nelson Cruz and Mike Zunino hit back - to - back home runs in the second inning , and the Seattle Mariners beat the Tampa Bay Rays 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Nelson Cruz and C. J. Cron also homered for the Mariners . Paxton ( 6 - 1 ) allowed three runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out 10 and did not walk a batter . Edwin Diaz pitched the ninth for his major league - leading 23rd save . Jose Alvarado ( 0 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and one hit in one inning . Paxton ( 6 - 1 ) allowed three runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out 10 and walked none . Kyle Seager hit a two - run homer off James Pazos in the sixth to give the Rays a 2 - 1 lead . The Rays tied it at 1 in the third on a run - scoring double by Mallex Smith and a run - scoring double by Jake Bauers . Cron tied it at 3 in the sixth with his seventh homer , a two - run shot off Nathan Eovaldi . Eovaldi gave up three runs and four hits in five - plus innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Joey Wendle singled , stole second and scored on a double by Jake Bauers . Cron tied it at 3 in the sixth with his seventh homer , a two - run shot off James Pazos . Zunino hit a two - run homer off James Pazos in the sixth .
DETROIT -- Corey Kluber 's first complete game of the season was a big boost for the Cleveland Indians . Kluber pitched eight strong innings , Melky Cabrera drove in three runs and the Indians beat the Detroit Tigers 9 - 2 on Tuesday night . Corey Kluber ( 10 - 2 ) allowed two runs and five hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Leonys Martin hit a solo homer in the sixth , and Yan Gomes hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Tigers . Artie Lewicki ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs and six hits in five innings for the Tigers . He struck out four and walked one . The Indians took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Lindor and a run - scoring double by Yonder Alonso . Cabrera 's sacrifice fly in the fourth made it 3 - 1 , and Gonzalez added an RBI single in the eighth . The Indians scored three runs in the second inning to take a 3 - 1 lead . Lonnie Chisenhall led off with a double and scored on Gonzalez 's sacrifice fly . Gonzalez added a run - scoring single in the eighth . Cleveland 's Erik Gonzalez had a three - run triple and drove in three runs for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Detroit 's bullpen has allowed three runs or fewer in each of its last seven games . The Tigers have lost six of seven . They have lost six of their last seven games . Detroit has lost six of seven .
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting for Brandon Crawford to come off the disabled list . Crawford had four hits , including a two - run homer , and Derek Holland pitched five scoreless innings to lead the Giants to a 2 - 0 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . Crawford had four hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth , and a two - run shot in the fourth . Crawford had a career - high four hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth off Max Scherzer ( 10 - 2 ) . Crawford had four hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth . Holland ( 4 - 6 ) allowed three hits , walked two and struck out four . Hunter Strickland pitched a perfect ninth for his 13th save . Max Scherzer ( 10 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked three . Crawford hit a two - run homer in the fourth off Scherzer , who gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked three . Crawford had four hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth off Scherzer , who allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked three . Crawford hit a two - run homer in the fourth off Scherzer , who allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked three . Crawford hit a two - run homer in the fourth off Scherzer , who allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants had a chance to win it in the ninth inning . Brandon Crawford hit a game - ending RBI single with two outs and the bases loaded , and the Giants beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Andrew McCutchen led off the 10th with a single off Andrew Chafin ( 0 - 2 ) and advanced to second on a wild pitch . Crawford then lined a 1 - 1 pitch to left - center to score McCutchen . Hunter Strickland ( 3 - 2 ) struck out two in a scoreless 10th to earn the win . Paul Goldschmidt had four hits and drove in two runs for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Pablo Sandoval homered for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Arizona starter Clay Buchholz allowed two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Arizona starter Chris Stratton gave up three runs and seven hits in four innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on Goldschmidt 's RBI double and Daniel Descalso 's two - run double . Goldschmidt 's RBI double in the fifth gave the Giants a 2 - 1 lead . Arizona tied it at 2 in the third on a two - run double by McCutchen and a two - run double by Goldschmidt . Arizona tied it at 2 in the third on a two - run homer by Sandoval . Arizona tied it at 2 in the fifth on a two - out , two - run double by McCutchen . The Giants took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on Goldschmidt 's RBI double .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Jurickson Profar had a career - high five RBIs , and Bartolo Colon pitched five innings to help the Texas Rangers beat the Oakland Athletics 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Profar had a two - run single in the seventh inning and a two - run single in the seventh . Profar had a two - run single in the seventh , a two - run single in the seventh and a two - run single in the seventh . Profar had a two - run single in the seventh , a two - run single in the seventh and a two - run single in the seventh . Profar had a two - run single in the seventh , a two - run single in the seventh and a two - run single in the seventh . Bartolo Colon ( 3 - 3 ) allowed two runs and six hits in five innings for the Rangers , who have won four of five . The A 's have won five of their last six games . Texas has lost five of its last six games . The A 's have lost five of six and are 1 - 4 on their nine - game homestand . Daniel Mengden ( 6 - 5 ) gave up six runs and five hits in four innings for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Khris Davis hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the A 's , who have lost five of six . Oakland has lost four of five . The A 's had a season - high 16 hits , including three in the first inning , when Joey Gallo hit a solo homer .
WASHINGTON -- Max Scherzer has been a big part of the Washington Nationals ' 4 - 2 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Friday night . Scherzer ( 10 - 1 ) allowed two runs and five hits , struck out a season - high 13 and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . He struck out a season - high 13 and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The right - hander struck out a season - high 13 and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Sean Doolittle pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save . Matt Adams homered and Brad Miller had a two - run double for the Rays . Rays starter Nathan Eovaldi ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked one . Rays manager Kevin Cash was ejected in the second inning by plate umpire Bill Welke for arguing a called third strike . Rays manager Kevin Cash was ejected in the second inning by plate umpire Angel Campos for arguing a called third strike . Rays manager Kevin Cash was ejected in the second inning by plate umpire Angel Campos for arguing a called third strike . Tampa Bay took a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Wilmer Difo hit an RBI triple and scored on Eovaldi 's wild pitch to make it 4 - 0 . In the fourth , Wilmer Difo tripled and scored on a wild pitch by Eovaldi to make it 4 - 0 . In the bottom half , Juan Soto walked , stole second and scored on Brad Miller 's pinch - hit double .
NEW YORK -- Alex Cobb and the rest of the Baltimore Orioles did n't need much help . Cobb pitched six effective innings , Manny Machado hit an RBI single and the Orioles beat the New York Mets 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Cobb ( 2 - 7 ) allowed one run and two hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Brad Brach worked the ninth for his ninth save . Jason Vargas ( 2 - 4 ) gave up two runs and five hits in five innings for the Mets . He struck out four and walked one . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Manny Machado and a sacrifice fly by Danny Valencia . Baltimore went ahead in the bottom half when Trey Mancini led off with a double and scored on Danny Valencia 's sacrifice fly . Baltimore went ahead 2 - 0 in the first on Adam Jones ' two - out double and a sacrifice fly by Jose Bautista . Baltimore took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Manny Machado and a sacrifice fly by Danny Valencia . In the bottom half , Baltimore loaded the bases with one out , but Cobb got Asdrubal Cabrera to ground into an inning - ending double play . Baltimore took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Danny Valencia and a run - scoring single by Machado . Baltimore loaded the bases with one out in the fifth , but Cobb struck out Chris Davis and got Adrian Gonzalez to ground into a double play . Baltimore went ahead 2 - 0 in the first on an RBI single by Machado .
SEATTLE -- The Seattle Mariners had a lot of opportunities against the Tampa Bay Rays . Mitch Haniger led off the 13th inning with a home run , and the Mariners rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Mitch Haniger led off the bottom of the 13th with a home run off Matt Andriese ( 1 - 3 ) , who was making his major league debut . Mitch Haniger followed with a walk - off home run , and Andriese ( 1 - 3 ) struck out Daniel Robertson to end the inning . Roenis Elias ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win . Seattle starter Mike Leake struck out eight in seven innings , giving up two runs and six hits . He struck out eight and did not walk a batter . Carlos Gomez hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Rays starter Austin Pruitt allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Ben Gamel led off with a double and scored on a two - out single by Nelson Cruz . Seattle added three runs in the fourth . Ryon Healy hit an RBI single and David Freitas drove in a run with a groundout . Johnny Field homered in the fifth to cut the deficit to 3 - 2 . Field tied it at 3 in the fifth with a two - out homer to left off Austin Pruitt . It was his first career walk - off homer .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Eduardo Escobar and the Minnesota Twins have been waiting for the Minnesota Twins . Escobar homered twice and drove in four runs , Edwin Encarnacion hit a two - run shot and the Twins beat the Cleveland Indians 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Escobar 's homer in the first inning off Carlos Carrasco ( 6 - 4 ) gave the Twins a 3 - 0 lead . Escobar 's two - run shot in the sixth gave the Twins a 6 - 2 lead , and Escobar 's two - run shot in the sixth gave the Twins a 6 - 2 lead . Escobar 's two - run homer in the sixth gave the Twins a 6 - 2 lead , and Escobar 's two - run shot in the sixth gave the Twins a 6 - 2 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for the Twins , who have won four of five . Berrios ( 6 - 5 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Fernando Rodney pitched a perfect ninth for his 12th save . Carlos Carrasco ( 6 - 4 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Indians scored four runs in the first inning to take a 4 - 0 lead . Escobar led off with a double and scored on Michael Brantley 's sacrifice fly . Encarnacion hit a two - run homer in the sixth to give the Twins a 6 - 2 lead . Eddie Rosario added an RBI single in the fourth to make it 4 - 2 . Miguel Sano 's RBI double made it 6 - 2 in the fourth .
PITTSBURGH -- Javier Baez is n't going to be a part of the Pittsburgh Pirates ' starting rotation . Baez hit a three - run homer , Jameson Taillon pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Chicago Cubs 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Baez hit a three - run shot off Lester in the fourth inning and added a three - run shot in the fourth to give the Pirates a 3 - 0 lead . Baez hit a three - run shot in the fourth to give the Pirates a 3 - 0 lead . Baez hit a three - run shot in the fourth to give the Pirates a 3 - 0 lead . Baez hit a three - run shot in the fourth to give the Pirates a 3 - 0 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Lester this season . Baez hit a three - run shot in the fourth to give the Pirates a 3 - 0 lead . Baez hit a three - run shot in the fourth to give the Pirates a 3 - 0 lead . Baez hit a three - run shot in the fourth to give the Pirates a 3 - 0 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Lester ( 12 - 4 ) this season and the second of his career . Baez hit a three - run shot in the fourth to give the Pirates a 3 - 0 lead . Taillon ( 8 - 8 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Lester ( 12 - 4 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked three .
MIAMI -- Jose Urena and the rest of the Miami Marlins ' lineup did n't help . Urena pitched six innings of one - hit ball , Martin Prado drove in two runs and the Miami Marlins beat the Washington Nationals 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Urena ( 3 - 10 ) allowed one hit in six innings . He struck out five and walked four . Urena ( 3 - 2 ) allowed five runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked none . The Marlins have won four of their past five games . Miami has lost four of five . The Nationals have lost four of five . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost four of five . Washington has lost six of seven . The Nationals have lost four of five . Washington 's Bryce Harper went 1 - for - 2 with a pair of walks . He was 1 for 2 with a pair of walks and scored a run for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Washington went ahead 1 - 0 in the second when Brian Anderson led off with a single and scored on Prado 's two - out double . Prado hit an RBI double in the third and scored on a double by Miguel Rojas to make it 5 - 0 . Hellickson allowed five runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked none . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Prado 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by Daniel Murphy .
HOUSTON -- Texas Rangers manager Ron Washington was happy to see his team win the road for the first time this season . Tyler White homered and drove in a run , Mike Minor pitched six solid innings and the Rangers beat the Houston Astros 4 - 3 on Wednesday night . Tyler White had three hits , including a home run , and drove in a run for the Rangers . Minor ( 7 - 6 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Texas starter Lance McCullers ( 10 - 6 ) had a career - high 11 strikeouts in 5 1/3 innings . He allowed six hits and four runs with a season - high 11 strikeouts and no walks . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Isiah Kiner-Falefa reached on an error by third baseman Yuli Gurriel . Jurickson Profar followed with an RBI double to give the Rangers a 2 - 1 lead . Ronald Guzman followed with an RBI double to make it 4 - 1 . Alex Bregman 's sacrifice fly made it 4 - 2 . Keone Kela pitched the ninth for his 24th save in 28 opportunities . The Rangers had a chance to take the lead in the ninth when they loaded the bases with one out , but Kela struck out Josh Reddick to end the inning . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a double by Delino DeShields and a run - scoring single by Ronald Guzman . Houston tied it at 1 in the fifth when Isiah Kiner-Falefa reached on a fielder 's choice and scored on a double by Jurickson Profar .
PITTSBURGH -- The New York Mets have been waiting for a long time to get back to the playoffs . Trevor Williams pitched six scoreless innings , Colin Moran drove in two runs and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the New York Mets 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Williams ( 9 - 7 ) allowed five hits in six innings , striking out five and walking three . The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.91 ERA in his last four starts . The Pirates have won five of their past six games and have won six of their past seven games . The Mets have lost five of six and have been shut out five times this season . The Mets have lost five of six and have been shut out three times this season . The Mets have lost five of six and have been shut out three times this season . The Mets have lost five of six and have been shut out three times this season . The Mets have lost five of six . deGrom ( 5 - 6 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Adam Frazier had three hits , including an RBI double in the seventh that made it 3 - 0 . Colin Moran had an RBI single in the eighth and pinch - hitter David Freese drove in a run with a pinch - hit squeeze bunt in the bottom of the inning . The Mets have lost five of six and have been shut out three times this season . The Mets have lost six of their past seven games and have lost six of their past eight .
CINCINNATI -- The Cincinnati Reds have n't been able to find a way to get back into the NL Central race . Rhys Hoskins hit a two - run homer , Matt Harvey pitched five effective innings and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Philadelphia Phillies 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Harvey allowed two runs and two hits in five innings , striking out five and walking two . The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Reds have won six of their last seven games . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Cincinnati has lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost six of seven . Philadelphia has lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost four of five . Philadelphia has lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost four of five . Philadelphia has lost six of seven . The Phillies have lost four of five . Philadelphia 's Tommy Hunter ( 2 - 1 ) gave up Votto 's RBI single in the eighth . Wandy Peralta ( 2 - 2 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win and Jared Hughes got the last five outs for his seventh save in nine chances . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a two - run homer by Rhys Hoskins and a two - run single by Billy Hamilton . Hoskins hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning , giving the Reds a 2 - 1 lead . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth . Mason Williams led off with a single , stole second and scored on Tucker Barnhart 's double . Velasquez allowed two runs and six hits in five innings .
MIAMI -- J. T. Realmuto had a chance to score the winning run in the bottom of the 10th inning to give the Miami Marlins a 2 - 1 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . J. T. Realmuto 's bases - loaded single in the bottom of the 10th gave the Marlins a 2 - 1 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . The Marlins won for the sixth time in seven games . Realmuto 's RBI single off Kyle Barraclough tied the score in the ninth . Brett Graves ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 10th inning for the win . Kelvin Herrera ( 2 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing one run and three hits in 3 2/3 innings . Trevor Richards allowed three hits and struck out a career - high eight in six innings . Gonzalez allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out four . Gonzalez allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked four . The Nationals scored in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Yadiel Rivera , but the Nationals went ahead 1 - 0 in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Yadiel Rivera . Gonzalez allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out four . Washington 's Daniel Murphy hit an RBI single in the ninth to tie the game 1 - all . Murphy 's RBI single in the ninth tied the game 1 - all . Realmuto 's RBI single off Kyle Barraclough tied the score in the ninth . Bryce Harper was hit by a pitch with the bases loaded in the ninth .
BALTIMORE -- The Tampa Bay Rays are on their longest winning streak of the season . Jonathan Schoop and Chris Davis hit back - to - back home runs in the eighth inning , and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Yarbrough ( 9 - 5 ) allowed two runs , six hits and two walks in 4 1/3 innings for the Rays , who have won six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the fourth when Tim Beckham drew a two - out walk and scored on a single by Ji-Man Choi . Schoop hit a two - run homer in the fifth , and Davis added a solo shot in the eighth off Sergio Romo . It was the first home run allowed by Romo this season , the most in the majors this season . It was the second time this season the Rays have hit back - to - back home runs . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the fourth on an RBI single by Jake Bauers and a run - scoring single by Ji-Man Choi . In the bottom half , Schoop hit a two - run homer off Alex Cobb ( 2 - 14 ) , and Adeiny Hechavarria followed with an RBI single to make it 4 - 2 . Cobb gave up four runs , three earned , and eight hits in six - plus innings .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Nick Martini and the Oakland Athletics are on a roll . Nick Martini and Adrian Beltre each had three hits , and the A 's beat the Texas Rangers 7 - 6 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Martini had two hits , including a triple , and scored the go - ahead run in the eighth inning on a wild pitch by Bartolo Colon ( 5 - 9 ) , who gave up six runs and nine hits in seven innings . Matt Chapman homered and had three hits for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Texas has lost four of five . The A 's have won five of their last six games . Texas has lost four of five . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas has lost four of five . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas has lost four of five . The Rangers have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . Cahill ( 2 - 2 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked three . Cahill ( 5 - 9 ) gave up six runs -- six earned -- and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Rangers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Khris Davis and a run - scoring single by Nick Martini . Chapman led off the second with his 19th homer of the season , a drive into the right - field seats . Chapman led off the second with his 14th homer , a towering shot that landed in the second deck of seats in right field . It was his third home run of the season .
NEW YORK -- Anthony Swarzak has been a big part of the New York Mets ' recent success . Jose Bautista hit a two - run homer , Anthony Swarzak pitched two scoreless innings and New York beat the San Diego Padres 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Oswalt ( 1 - 2 ) allowed two runs and three hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . Anthony Swarzak pitched the final two innings for his second save . Freddy Galvis hit a two - run homer for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Clayton Richard ( 7 - 10 ) gave up six runs and five hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out one . Austin Hedges homered for the Padres , who have lost six of seven . Padres starter Corey Oswalt ( 1 - 2 ) gave up two runs and three hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out , two - run single by Amed Rosario and a two - run homer by Austin Hedges . Austin Hedges hit a solo homer in the fifth for San Diego , which has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . They have lost six of seven . The Padres have lost six of seven . They have lost six of their last seven games and have lost six of their last seven . San Diego , which began the day two games behind first - place San Francisco in the NL East , has lost six of seven .
PITTSBURGH -- The Pittsburgh Pirates are starting to look like a team in the thick of the NL Central . Nick Shaw and Gregory Polanco homered , Nick Mercer had an RBI double and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Milwaukee Brewers 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Kingham ( 4 - 4 ) allowed three runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Kyle Guerra ( 2 - 0 ) allowed one hit in three scoreless innings for the win . Kyle Crick got four outs for his second save . Junior Guerra ( 6 - 6 ) gave up six runs -- six earned -- and nine hits in four innings . He struck out four and walked two . Milwaukee scored three times in the first inning to take a 3 - 0 lead . Colin Moran had an RBI single and Jordy Mercer followed with a run - scoring double to make it 3 - 0 . Polanco 's sacrifice fly in the third made it 5 - 1 and chased Guerra , who allowed three runs and five hits in three - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . Polanco 's RBI double in the third made it 5 - 1 and chased Guerra . Polanco 's sacrifice fly in the fourth made it 5 - 1 and chased Guerra , who allowed six runs and nine hits in four - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . Milwaukee scored three times in the first inning to take a 3 - 0 lead . Bell hit a two - out double and scored on Bell 's double to right . Hernan Perez 's RBI single made it 3 - 1 , and Bell 's RBI double made it 5 - 1 .
NEW YORK -- Brandon Nimmo 's first career pinch - hit home run with two outs in the 10th inning lifted the New York Mets to a 3 - 0 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Friday night . Nimmo 's homer with two outs in the 10th off Mark Leiter Jr. ( 0 - 1 ) was his first career pinch - hit homer and the Mets ' first game - ending hit of the season . Jose Reyes drew a one - out walk in the 10th against Mark Leiter Jr. ( 0 - 1 ) and pinch - hitter Asdrubal Cabrera walked to load the bases . Nimmo followed with a pinch - hit , three - run homer to left - center off Robert Gsellman ( 6 - 2 ) to give the Mets a 3 - 0 lead . It was Nimmo 's first pinch - hit home run of the season , and the first pinch - hit homer of his career . The Mets have won five of six and have won six of their last seven games . Amed Rosario drew a one - out walk in the 10th against Mark Leiter Jr. ( 0 - 1 ) and advanced to second on a wild pitch . Nimmo followed with a pinch - hit , three - run homer off Robert Gsellman ( 6 - 2 ) to give the Mets a 3 - 0 lead . It was Nimmo 's first pinch - hit home run of the season , and the first pinch - hit homer of his career . He also hit a two - run shot in the 10th inning of a 4 - 3 win over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Amed Rosario drew a one - out walk in the bottom half and Jose Reyes drew a one - out walk before Nimmo lined a 1 - 2 pitch into the left - field seats . It was Nimmo 's first pinch - hit home run of the season . It was the first pinch - hit homer of Nimmo 's career and the first pinch - hit homer of his career . It was the first pinch - hit homer of Nimmo 's career and the first pinch - hit homer of Nimmo 's career . The Mets have lost five of six and have the worst record in the majors .
BALTIMORE -- Dellin Betances and the Baltimore Orioles finally found a way to beat the New York Yankees . Schoop hit a game - ending single with two outs in the ninth inning , and the Orioles rallied to beat the New York Yankees 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Betances ( 1 - 3 ) took the loss , allowing a run and two hits in two - thirds of an inning . New York 's Manny Machado hit two home runs , including a two - run shot in the seventh that gave the Yankees a 5 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Machado , who hit a two - run shot in the seventh to give the Yankees a 5 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Machado , who hit a two - run shot in the seventh inning and a two - run homer in the seventh . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Machado , who hit a two - run shot in the ninth off Miguel Green . Zach Britton ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Baltimore starter Andrew Cashner gave up five runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . The right - hander struck out seven and walked one . New York 's Masahiro Tanaka gave up three runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings . The right - hander struck out five and walked two . Baltimore took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Didi Gregorius led off with a double and scored on a two - out double by Neil Walker . Bird followed with a sacrifice fly .
SEATTLE -- Ryon Healy was n't surprised to see the Seattle Mariners come back from a three - run deficit . Healy hit a go - ahead , three - run double in the sixth inning , and the Mariners rallied to beat the Colorado Rockies 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Ryon Healy also homered and drove in five runs for the Mariners , who have won four of five . LeBlanc ( 5 - 0 ) allowed four runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Trevor Story hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning for the Rockies , who have lost five of six . Carlos Gonzalez homered for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Colorado starter Antonio Senzatela ( 3 - 2 ) gave up six runs and five hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out two . Charlie Blackmon hit a solo home run in the first inning for the Rockies , who have lost five of six . Colorado took a 3 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first on a sacrifice fly by Kyle Seager and a two - run double by Healy . Story 's two - run homer in the sixth gave the Mariners a 6 - 4 lead . It was Story 's 14th home run of the season and second in two games . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Mitch Haniger was hit by a pitch with the bases loaded and Healy hit a two - run double . Colorado tied it in the bottom half on Story 's two - out , two - run homer .
CHICAGO -- David Bote 's bases - loaded walk in the 10th inning helped the Chicago Cubs rally for a 6 - 5 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . David Bote drew a one - out walk from Jackson Stephens ( 2 - 2 ) in the 10th to force in the winning run . Luke Farrell ( 3 - 3 ) pitched a perfect 10th inning for the win . Adam Duvall and Eugenio Suarez hit two - run homers for the Reds , who have lost five of six . The Reds have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place Chicago Cubs in the NL Central . The Reds have lost four of five . The Reds have lost four of five . Cincinnati 's Jon Lester gave up four runs , four earned , and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . Cincinnati starter Luis Castillo gave up three runs and six hits in four innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run double by Addison Russell and a two - run single by Jose Peraza . The Reds tied it in the third on a two - run double by Javier Baez and a run - scoring single by Jose Peraza . The Reds tied it in the fourth on a two - run homer by Eugenio Suarez and a run - scoring single by Jose Peraza . Suarez hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Reds a 2 - 0 lead . The Reds tied it in the third on a two - run double by Hamilton and a run - scoring groundout by Jose Peraza .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros have n't been able to find a way to get back to the American League . Yuli Gurriel hit a grand slam , Alex Bregman and Avisail Garcia each hit a solo home run and the Astros beat the Chicago White Sox 12 - 6 on Tuesday night . Gurriel hit a three - run homer in the third inning and added a run - scoring single in the seventh to extend his hitting streak to a career - high 12 games . He also had a run - scoring single in the eighth . The Astros have won four straight and seven of nine . Houston starter Charlie Morton ( 11 - 2 ) allowed five runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning on Omar Narvaez 's two - out , three - run double off James Shields ( 3 - 10 ) , who allowed eight runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out nine and walked two . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Max Stassi . Avisail Garcia hit a solo homer in the eighth and Marwin Gonzalez added an RBI single in the seventh to push the lead to 9 - 5 . The White Sox scored four runs in the sixth to take a 6 - 1 lead , but the White Sox responded with three runs in the bottom half . Bregman hit a two - run homer off Bruce Rondon to make it 8 - 5 . Evan Gattis had two hits and drove in a run for the White Sox , who have lost four of five .
PHOENIX -- Zack Godley has been a big part of the Arizona Diamondbacks ' three - game winning streak . Godley pitched six solid innings and the Diamondbacks beat the San Diego Padres 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Godley ( 10 - 6 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a fielder 's choice by Carlos Asuaje and A. J. Pollock 's run - scoring groundout . Arizona tied it at 1 in the sixth when Nick Ahmed led off with a double and scored on Steven Souza Jr. 's single . Arizona starter Joey Lucchesi ( 4 - 4 ) allowed two runs and three hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth when Nick Ahmed doubled and scored on a throwing error by third baseman Austin Hedges . Arizona added a run in the eighth when Nick Ahmed doubled and scored on a throwing error by third baseman John Murphy . Brad Boxberger pitched a perfect ninth for his 21st save in 25 chances . San Diego 's Paul Goldschmidt extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first inning . He was replaced by pinch - runner Jorge De La Rosa , who was hit by a pitch to start the sixth . He was replaced by pinch - runner Jorge De La Rosa , who was hit by a pitch to load the bases . Steven Souza Jr. followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 1 . Lucchesi allowed three hits and two runs in 5 1/3 innings .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Dallas Keuchel and the Houston Astros are on a roll . Keuchel pitched seven strong innings , Josh Reddick and Tony Kemp hit two - run homers and the Astros beat the Texas Rangers 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Keuchel ( 5 - 8 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The right - hander is 5 - 0 in his last six starts against the Rangers , who have won four of five . Hector Rondon got the final four outs for his sixth save in six chances . Austin Bibens-Dirkx ( 1 - 2 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in six innings for the Rangers . He struck out four and walked two . Josh Reddick hit a solo homer and drove in two runs for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Texas has lost four of five . The Astros have lost four of five . Texas has lost four of five . The Astros have lost four of five . Texas has lost four of five . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas has lost four of five . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas has lost four of five . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas has lost four of five . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas has lost four of five . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas has lost four of five . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas has lost four of five . The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas has lost four of five .
WASHINGTON -- Xander Bogaerts and J. D. Martinez hit three - run homers , and the Boston Red Sox beat the Washington Nationals 11 - 4 on Tuesday night . Bogaerts hit a three - run homer in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the fifth to give the Red Sox a 9 - 2 lead . Martinez hit a two - run homer in the ninth off William Cuevas , and Martinez hit a two - run shot in the ninth . Eduardo Nunez hit a three - run homer for the Red Sox , who have won four of five . Brandon Workman ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Boston starter Brian Johnson allowed two runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Roark ( 3 - 10 ) gave up nine runs and 10 hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . Martinez hit a two - run homer in the ninth off William Cuevas , his first of the season . Martinez hit a two - run homer in the ninth , and Brian Goodwin hit a solo shot in the ninth for the Red Sox , who have lost five of six . Roark allowed a career - high nine runs and 10 hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . Washington scored three runs in the fourth to take a 9 - 2 lead . Bogaerts hit a three - run homer off Heath Hembree to give the Red Sox a 9 - 2 lead . Martinez hit a two - run homer off Heath Hembree in the ninth .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants are on the verge of a playoff berth . Brandon Belt hit a two - run triple and Gorkys Hernandez added an RBI single as the San Francisco Giants beat the New York Mets 7 - 0 on Tuesday night . Andrew Suarez ( 6 - 9 ) allowed two hits in seven scoreless innings for the Giants , who have won four straight and seven of nine . The Mets have won six of seven and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . The Mets have lost six of seven . Wheeler ( 9 - 7 ) gave up one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . The right - hander struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Mets have lost five of six and have been shut out three times this season . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . The Mets have lost six of seven . Garcia hit a leadoff double in the eighth and scored on Chris Shaw 's sacrifice fly . Garcia hit a two - out RBI single in the eighth and Garcia added a run - scoring single . Garcia hit a two - out RBI single in the eighth and Garcia added a run - scoring single . Garcia hit a two - out RBI single in the eighth .
NEW YORK -- Washington Nationals manager Davey Johnson had a simple explanation for his team 's 15 - 0 rout of the New York Mets on Wednesday night . Adam Eaton had four hits , including a two - run homer , and Bryce Harper had a three - run double in a six - run eighth inning to help the Nationals snap a three - game skid . Jefry Rodriguez ( 2 - 1 ) pitched two - hit ball for six innings and Anthony Rendon had three hits for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Reynolds hit a three - run homer off Corey Oswalt in the ninth , and Wilmer Difo added a two - run shot in the ninth . The Mets have won five of six and have won six of their last seven games . The Mets have lost six of seven and have been shut out for the first time this season . New York has lost six of seven . The Mets have lost five of six and are 1 - 8 since the All-Star break . Steven Matz ( 5 - 11 ) gave up one run and five hits in seven innings for the Mets . He struck out seven and walked one . The Mets scored three times in the eighth to make it 9 - 0 . Difo hit a two - run homer and Reynolds hit a three - run shot off Corey Oswalt to make it 7 - 0 . Eaton had a career - high four hits , including a two - run homer off Corey Oswalt in the ninth . He also singled and scored in the eighth , and Harper added a three - run double in the eighth .
DETROIT -- Michael Kopech and the Chicago White Sox are on a roll . Daniel Palka and Ronny Rodriguez hit two - run homers , Kopech pitched six strong innings and the White Sox beat the Detroit Tigers 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Kopech ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Daniel Palka and Ronny Rodriguez homered for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Jordan Zimmermann ( 6 - 6 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Jace Fry got the final two outs in the ninth for his third save . Detroit 's Michael Kopech ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The White Sox took a 4 - 0 lead in the third on Avisail Garcia 's two - run single and Yoan Moncada 's RBI triple . Victor Martinez 's RBI double made it 5 - 1 in the sixth , and Daniel Palka followed with a two - run homer to make it 4 - 0 . Palka hit a two - run homer in the third to give the White Sox a 4 - 0 lead . The White Sox added two more in the seventh on Tim Anderson 's sacrifice fly and Omar Narvaez 's bases - loaded walk . Tim Anderson 's sacrifice fly in the seventh made it 7 - 1 and chased Zimmermann .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Justin Verlander was n't surprised to see the Houston Astros get back on track . Verlander ( 13 - 8 ) pitched six innings of six - hit ball , Marwin Gonzalez homered and drove in two runs , and the Astros beat the Los Angeles Angels 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 13 - 8 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings , striking out six and walking two . The right - hander is 5 - 0 in his last six starts against the Angels , who have won five of their last six . The Astros have won five of their last six games against the Angels , who have won six of their last seven . The Angels have lost six of seven . Jaime Barria ( 8 - 8 ) gave up four runs and five hits in three innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked two and struck out one . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run homer by Shohei Ohtani and a run - scoring double by Yuli Gurriel . Marwin Gonzalez hit a two - out , two - run homer in the fourth for a 4 - 0 lead . It was the first time this season the Astros have hit back - to - back home runs . Ohtani hit a two - run homer in the fourth to cut the lead to 4 - 2 , but the Astros responded with three runs in the bottom half . Alex Bregman hit an RBI double and scored on a two - out single by Altuve , who was hit by a pitch with the bases loaded .
DETROIT -- The Chicago White Sox have been waiting for the Detroit Tigers to find a way to get back into the race . Ronny Rodriguez and Jose Rondon hit back - to - back home runs in the sixth inning , and the Tigers beat James Shields and the Chicago White Sox 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Boyd ( 8 - 11 ) allowed six hits , struck out six and walked one in six innings . The right - hander struck out six and walked one . Ronny Castellanos hit a solo homer in the sixth , and Jose Rondon hit a two - run homer in the eighth . James Shields ( 5 - 15 ) allowed seven runs -- seven earned -- and 10 hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . Ronny Castellanos hit a solo homer in the sixth , and Mikie Mahtook added a solo shot in the sixth to make it 5 - 0 . Ronny Castellanos hit a solo homer in the sixth , and Jim Adduci hit a two - run double in the seventh to make it 7 - 0 . Ronny Castellanos hit a solo homer in the sixth for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox have lost six of seven .
SEATTLE -- The Houston Astros ' offense finally broke through against Seattle starter Marco Gonzales . Tyler White homered and had three hits , Nelson Cruz also went deep and the Astros beat the Seattle Mariners 10 - 7 on Tuesday night . Marco Hernandez ( 12 - 9 ) allowed eight runs -- eight earned -- and 11 hits in three - plus innings . Mitch Haniger hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Houston starter Charlie Morton ( 13 - 3 ) allowed six runs -- six earned -- and seven hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Roberto Osuna pitched a perfect ninth for his 10th save in 11 chances . Maldonado had three hits , including a solo homer , and drove in three runs for the Astros , who have won four of five . The Mariners scored twice in the first inning to take a 2 - 0 lead . Maldonado 's RBI single made it 3 - 0 , and Maldonado followed with a run - scoring single . Cruz homered in the fifth to make it 9 - 1 . White Sox starter Charlie Morton ( 13 - 3 ) allowed six runs -- six earned -- and seven hits in five innings . He struck out seven , walked one and hit a batter . Gonzales ( 12 - 9 ) allowed eight runs and 11 hits in three - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the second time in his last four starts . It was the second time this season the Mariners have scored at least eight runs .
TORONTO -- The Toronto Blue Jays have been waiting for Billy McKinney . McKinney homered and drove in three runs , Kendrys Morales also went deep and the Blue Jays beat the Baltimore Orioles 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Justin Smoak and Aledmys Diaz also went deep for the Blue Jays , who snapped a three - game losing streak . Toronto 's Billy Bundy ( 7 - 12 ) allowed seven runs , seven earned , and 10 hits in four - plus innings . He walked none and struck out three . Gaviglio ( 3 - 6 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out a season - high seven . Cedric Mullins and Aledmys Diaz homered for the Orioles , who have lost three of four . McKinney hit a two - run single in the fourth and Aledmys Diaz hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Blue Jays , who have lost five of six . Bundy allowed seven runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings . He walked none and struck out three . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Curtis Granderson doubled and scored on a single by Luke Maile . The Blue Jays tied it in the second on a two - out RBI single by Caleb Joseph . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Morales ' RBI single and Luke Maile 's RBI grounder . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Caleb Joseph , but the Blue Jays answered with three runs in the bottom half . McKinney hit a two - out homer , his first , and Morales followed with a drive to left , his 19th . Toronto tacked on two more in the bottom half when McKinney hit a two - run single and McKinney followed with a two - run single .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Detroit Tigers have been playing like a team in the AL Central . Mikie Mahtook hit a tiebreaking grand slam in the fifth inning , Tyler Carpenter pitched into the sixth inning and the Tigers beat the Minnesota Twins 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Joe Mauer and Miguel Sano hit back - to - back home runs off Tyler Duffey ( 1 - 2 ) in the third inning to give the Tigers a 6 - 3 lead . Mahtook was hit by a pitch from Tyler Stewart with the bases loaded in the eighth to make it 7 - 5 . Mitch Garver added a two - run homer in the eighth for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Carpenter ( 1 - 1 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Shane Greene got the last four outs for his 26th save in 29 chances . Tyler Duffey ( 1 - 2 ) gave up three runs and two hits in 2 1/3 innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer and Tyler Austin homered for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Minnesota starter Kohl Stewart gave up three runs and three hits in 2 2 - 3 innings . He walked four and struck out two . The Tigers took a 3 - 2 lead in the third on Ronny Rodriguez 's two - run double and Austin Forsythe 's sacrifice fly . Austin Forsythe grounded out with the bases loaded to end the inning . The Tigers took a 3 - 2 lead in the third on Austin Forsythe 's two - out , two - run homer off Kohl Stewart .
CLEVELAND -- Carlos Carrasco was n't as sharp as he was in his previous start , when he gave up three runs in the first inning of a 2 - 1 win over the Baltimore Orioles . Carrasco ( 15 - 6 ) allowed three hits over seven innings , and Jose Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the first inning to give the Indians a 2 - 1 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . Carrasco was pulled after throwing 116 pitches . He struck out six and walked one . Cleveland 's David Hess ( 2 - 7 ) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings . The right - hander struck out three and walked four . Jose Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the first inning for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore 's Trey Mancini hit a two - out RBI single in the eighth off Miguel Castro . Cody Allen pitched the ninth for his 24th save in 29 chances . The Orioles have lost four of five . Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the first off David Hess ( 2 - 7 ) , who gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . The right - hander struck out three , walked four and hit a batter . Ramirez 's two - run homer in the first gave the Indians a 2 - 0 lead .
NEW YORK -- Ryan Yarbrough and the Tampa Bay Rays are on a roll . Ryan Yarbrough ( 11 - 5 ) pitched four innings of two - hit ball , Mallex Smith hit a two - run homer and the Rays beat the New York Yankees 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Miguel Andujar and Miguel Andujar homered for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Rays starter Sonny Gray allowed one run and four hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . Rays starter Luis Cessa ( 1 - 3 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out four . Rays starter Jake Faria allowed one run and three hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Michael Smith hit a two - out , two - run homer to right - center . It was his third of the season and second in two days . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Ji-Man Choi 's RBI fielder 's choice . Kevin Kiermaier hit an RBI single in the third , and Ji-Man Choi hit a run - scoring fielder 's choice to make it 3 - 1 in the third . Smith 's RBI single made it 3 - 1 in the third , and Smith 's two - out RBI single made it 3 - 1 in the third . Smith had a two - out RBI single in the third , and Smith hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 5 - 1 .
PHILADELPHIA -- Seranthony Dominguez got the last four outs for his 13th save , and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Boston Red Sox 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Wilson Ramos had three hits and drove in three runs , and Mitch Moreland hit a three - run double in the third inning . Seranthony Dominguez got the final four outs for his 13th save . Joe Kelly ( 4 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and one hit in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth . Seranthony Dominguez got the final four outs for his 13th save in 15 chances . The Phillies took a 3 - 0 lead in the third on Mitch Moreland 's three - run double . Mitch Hunter ( 4 - 2 ) got the final out in the seventh for the win . Hector Neris got the final two outs in the eighth and Aaron Loup worked the eighth . Boston starter Vince Velasquez lasted just 2 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He allowed three runs -- three earned -- on four hits with four walks and two strikeouts . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the third on Mitch Moreland 's three - run double and Odubel Herrera 's RBI groundout . Ramos had three hits , including a two - run double in the seventh that made it 6 - 3 . Ramos had three hits , including a two - run double in the seventh that made it 7 - 3 . Ramos had three hits , including a two - run double in the seventh that made it 7 - 3 . Ramos had three hits , including a two - run double in the seventh .
ATLANTA -- Ronald Acuna Jr. had a career - high three hits , including a leadoff homer in the first inning , and the Atlanta Braves beat the Miami Marlins 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Ronald Acuna Jr. hit a leadoff homer , and Touki Toussaint ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and two hits in six innings to earn his first major league win . The Braves have won five of six . The Marlins have won six of seven . Atlanta has lost six of seven . The Marlins have lost six of seven . Miami has lost six of seven . The Marlins have lost six of seven . Miami has lost six of seven . The Marlins have lost six of seven . Miami starter Pablo Lopez ( 2 - 3 ) allowed six runs -- five earned -- and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out five . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Nick Markakis and a run - scoring double by Isaac Galloway . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Johan Camargo and a sacrifice fly by Freddie Freeman . The Marlins took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Acuna and a run - scoring double by Isaac Galloway . The Marlins took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Acuna and a run - scoring double by Charlie Culberson . Miami went ahead 2 - 1 in the second on a two - run homer by Acuna .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Jack Flaherty and the St. Louis Cardinals ' offense did n't help . Flaherty pitched seven innings of three - hit ball , Alcides Escobar hit a two - run homer and the Cardinals beat the Kansas City Royals 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Flaherty ( 6 - 6 ) allowed two runs and three hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out nine . Flaherty 's two - run homer off Brian Flynn in the ninth gave the Cardinals a 6 - 2 lead . Alcides Escobar and Harrison Bader homered for the Royals , who have lost six of seven . Duffy ( 7 - 11 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out two . The Royals have lost five of six and have lost six of seven . The Royals have lost five of six . The Royals have lost four of five . The Royals have lost four of five . The Royals have lost four of five . Royals right - hander Jordan Hicks got the last four outs for his third save . The Royals have lost four of five . Royals right - hander Adam Wainwright ( 5 - 5 ) , who is 0 - 4 in his past six starts , is 0 - 4 in his past six starts . The Royals have lost five of six and are 0 - 4 against the Cardinals this season . The Royals have lost four of five . Martinez hit a two - run homer off Brian Flynn in the sixth , and Martinez hit a two - run shot off Brian Flynn in the ninth .
WASHINGTON -- Gio Gonzalez did n't need much help from Washington 's bullpen . Gonzalez pitched seven strong innings , Nick Markakis and Michael Taylor homered and the Nationals beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Gonzalez ( 7 - 8 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked one . Gonzalez ( 7 - 8 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out three , walked one and hit a batter . Wes Taylor hit a solo homer in the fourth , and Nick Markakis and Ronald Acuna Jr. also went deep for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Atlanta starter Wes Parsons ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked three . The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the third when Anthony Rendon hit a sacrifice fly and Daniel Murphy had an RBI double . Nick Markakis led off the second inning with a home run and Juan Soto drew a bases - loaded walk to give the Nationals a 2 - 1 lead . Washington took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the inning . Anthony Rendon hit a sacrifice fly and Daniel Murphy added an RBI double . Washington added a run in the eighth on Dansby Swanson 's sacrifice fly . Ryan Zimmerman had an RBI single in the eighth , and Mark Reynolds added an RBI single in the eighth to make it 6 - 2 . Mark Reynolds had an RBI double in the sixth , and Ryan Zimmerman added an RBI single in the eighth for Washington .
CLEVELAND -- Francisco Lindor 's first game - ending homer with two outs in the ninth inning gave the Cleveland Indians a 5 - 2 win over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Lindor hit a three - run homer with two outs in the ninth off Trevor Hildenberger ( 2 - 3 ) , who was making his major league debut . Lindor hit a three - run homer in the ninth off Cody Allen ( 4 - 4 ) to tie the game at 2 . It was the second game - ending homer of the season for Lindor , who hit a two - run homer in the 10th inning of the Indians ' 5 - 4 win over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Lindor hit a three - run homer in the ninth off Cody Allen ( 4 - 4 ) to tie the game 2 - 2 . It was the second game - ending homer of the season for Lindor , who hit a two - run homer in the 10th inning of the Indians ' 5 - 4 win over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Lindor 's homer was his first since July 26 , 2011 , against the Chicago White Sox . Cleveland 's Miguel Sano homered off Cody Allen ( 4 - 4 ) with two outs in the ninth to tie the game 2 - 2 . Miguel Sano hit a solo homer in the ninth off Cody Allen ( 4 - 4 ) to tie the game 2 - 2 . Miguel Sano hit a solo homer off Cody Allen ( 4 - 4 ) with two outs in the ninth for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Hildenberger ( 2 - 3 ) was charged with three runs , three hits and three walks in two - thirds of an inning . Cleveland 's Jake Odorizzi gave up two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in 4 2/3 innings . The right - hander struck out five and walked one .
CHICAGO -- The New York Yankees are on their longest winning streak of the season . Giancarlo Stanton hit a three - run homer , Luis Severino pitched seven strong innings and the Yankees beat the Chicago White Sox 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Severino ( 15 - 5 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . The Yankees have won five of their last six games and have won five of their last six . Yankees starter Lucas Giolito ( 7 - 9 ) was tagged for seven runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Stanton hit a three - run homer off Lucas Giolito ( 7 - 9 ) in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the second . Stanton hit a three - run shot in the second inning and a three - run shot in the second to give New York a 6 - 2 lead . It was the first grand slam of the season for Stanton , who hit a three - run homer in New York 's 3 - 2 win over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Stanton hit a three - run homer in the second inning to give New York a 6 - 2 lead . It was the first grand slam of the season for Stanton , who hit a three - run shot off Giolito in the first game of the series . Stanton hit a three - run homer in the second inning to give the Yankees a 6 - 2 lead . It was the first grand slam of the season for Stanton , who hit a three - run shot in the first inning of the White Sox 's 3 - 2 win over the Chicago White Sox on Friday night . Hicks homered off Omar Narvaez in the fifth to make it 7 - 2 .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox are on the verge of winning the AL Central . Daniel Palka hit a three - run homer in the eighth inning and the White Sox rallied for a 6 - 4 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . Jose Abreu and Whit Merrifield each hit a three - run homer for the White Sox , who have won four of five . Palka hit a three - run homer off Jason Adam Adam Adam Adam Avilan ( 0 - 3 ) in the eighth to give the White Sox a 6 - 3 lead . It was Palka 's first pinch - hit homer of the season , and the first pinch - hit homer of his career . It was the first pinch - hit homer by a White Sox player this season . It was the first pinch - hit homer by a White Sox player this season . It was the first pinch - hit homer by a White Sox player this season . It was the first pinch - hit homer by a White Sox player this season . It was the first pinch - hit homer by a White Sox player this season . It was the first pinch - hit homer by a White Sox player this season . It was the first pinch - hit homer by a White Sox player this season . It was the first pinch - hit homer by a White Sox player this season . It was the third time this season the White Sox have hit back - to - back home runs . Palka , who entered the game in a 1 - for - 18 slump , hit a 1 - 1 pitch from Jason Hammel into the left - field seats . It was his first career pinch - hit homer and his first pinch - hit homer of the season . It was the first pinch - hit homer of his career . The White Sox took a 3 - 2 lead in the ninth on a sacrifice fly by Rosell Herrera and a run - scoring double by Tim Anderson . Royals starter Brad Keller allowed two runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out a season - high nine . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth . Avisail Garcia led off with a double and scored on Omar Narvaez 's single .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers had a chance to take a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the ninth inning . Matt Kemp hit a two - run double with one out in the bottom of the inning , and the Dodgers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Kemp 's two - run double off Brad Boxberger ( 2 - 5 ) in the ninth gave the Dodgers a 3 - 2 lead . Daniel Descalso led off the ninth with a homer off Archie Bradley ( 1 - 1 ) , and Matt Kemp followed with a two - run double to give the Dodgers a 3 - 2 lead . Kenley Jansen ( 1 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Brad Boxberger ( 2 - 5 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and a hit and two walks in one - third of an inning . Archie Bradley gave up a one - out single to Alex Verdugo in the ninth , then walked pinch - hitter Tim Brito to load the bases . Kemp followed with a two - run double into the left - field corner , giving the Dodgers a 3 - 2 lead . Archie Bradley came on and gave up a two - run homer to Max Muncy in the ninth . Buehler allowed one run and two hits in 6 1 - 3 innings . He struck out nine and walked three . Dodgers starter Clay Buchholz gave up one run and four hits in five innings , struck out four and walked two . The Diamondbacks tied the game 1 - all in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Alex Avila .
WASHINGTON -- The Milwaukee Brewers have been waiting for Christian Yelich to come through in the clutch . Christian Yelich hit a grand slam , Keon Broxton hit a three - run homer and the Brewers beat the Washington Nationals 9 - 4 on Tuesday night . Brandon Woodruff ( 3 - 0 ) allowed three hits in four scoreless innings for the win . Christian Yelich hit a three - run homer and Wilmer Difo also homered for the Brewers . Jefry Rodriguez ( 2 - 2 ) allowed seven runs , seven hits and seven walks in 4 2/3 innings for the Nationals , who have lost five of six . Yelich hit a three - run homer off Tim Collins in the fifth inning to give the Nationals a 9 - 4 lead . Yelich hit a three - run homer off Tim Collins in the fifth to give the Brewers a 9 - 4 lead . It was the first grand slam of the season for Yelich , who hit a three - run homer in Friday 's win over the Chicago Cubs . Milwaukee starter Junior Guerra allowed four runs and five hits in three - plus innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Nationals took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run single by Mark Reynolds and a two - run single by Mike Moustakas . Broxton 's two - out , two - run single in the third gave Milwaukee a 2 - 0 lead . Broxton 's two - out , two - run single in the third gave the Brewers a 2 - 0 lead . Guerra allowed four runs and five hits in three innings . He walked two and struck out three .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Todd Frazier 's sacrifice fly in the 11th inning lifted the New York Mets to a 2 - 1 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night . The Mets have won six of seven . Todd Frazier drove in the go - ahead run with a sacrifice fly in the 11th , and Todd Frazier drove in the go - ahead run with a sacrifice fly in the 11th . Hunter Strickland ( 3 - 4 ) took the loss . Wilmer Flores led off the 11th with a double off Hunter Strickland ( 3 - 4 ) , and Todd Frazier followed with a sacrifice fly . Jerry Blevins ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Robert Gsellman pitched a perfect 11th for his ninth save . Evan Longoria and Tomas Nido each drove in a run for the Mets , who have won four of five . Longoria homered off Matz in the fourth inning and Tomas doubled in a run in the fifth to tie the game at 1 . Holland allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out three . Matz allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out 11 and walked one . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Brandon Nimmo drew a leadoff walk and scored on Nido 's double to left - center . The Mets tied it in the fifth on a two - out RBI double by Tomas . Holland allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out three . Matz allowed one run and three hits in seven innings .
