WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- The Washington Nationals are making the most of it . Ryan Zimmerman hit a two - out homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the Nationals to a 3 - 2 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Friday night . The Nationals have won four of their last five games . Jon Rauch ( 1 - 0 ) allowed an unearned run in the top of the ninth . Peter Moylan ( 0 - 1 ) struck out Cristian Guzman to open the bottom of the ninth before Zimmerman drove a 1 - 0 pitch into the left-field seats . Jon Rauch ( 1 - 0 ) got the win despite allowing an unearned run in the top of the ninth . Atlanta 's Tim Hudson gave up two runs and three hits in seven innings , walking none and striking out three . Atlanta 's Tim Hudson gave up two runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . The Nationals took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Cristian Guzman led off with a single , stole third and scored on Nick Johnson 's two - out double . Johnson scored on Austin Kearns ' single . Jones ' homer in the fourth was the only run off Perez , who allowed four hits and one walk in five innings . Jones ' homer in the fourth was the only run allowed by Perez , who gave up four hits and one walk in five innings . The Nationals won for only the second time in their last 10 games at Nationals Park .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- The St. Louis Cardinals have been in first place in the NL Central since the All-Star break . Aaron Miles hit a tiebreaking RBI double in the seventh inning and the Cardinals beat the Cincinnati Reds 5 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Cardinals won for the seventh time in eight games and moved two games ahead of St. Louis in the NL Central . The Reds have lost four of five . The Cardinals have won six of their last seven games . Braden Looper ( 4 - 1 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . Jason Isringhausen worked the ninth for his ninth save in 12 chances . Aaron Harang ( 1 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked three . Pinch-hitter Brian Barton led off the seventh with a single off Kent and scored on Aaron Miles ' two - out double off reliever Kent Mercker . Rick Ankiel added a two - out RBI single off Mike Lincoln for a 5 - 2 lead . The Reds scored twice in the second on Edwin Encarnacion 's leadoff homer and Ryan Freel 's RBI single . The Cardinals took a 3 - 2 lead in the third . Skip Schumaker doubled with one out and scored on Aaron Miles ' single to tie it . Pujols followed with a single to left and scored on Ankiel 's single to put the Cardinals up 3 - 2 . The Cardinals regained the lead in the third on RBI singles by Miles and Ankiel . The Reds have lost five of six .
MIAMI ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are starting to find a way to win . Matt Kemp drove in three runs , Rafael Furcal had a career-high five hits and Matt Kemp drove in three runs , and the Dodgers beat the Florida Marlins 13 - 1 on Wednesday night . The Dodgers , who have the worst record in the majors , won for the fourth time in five games . Chad Billingsley ( 1 - 4 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings , striking out eight and walking four . Scott Olsen ( 3 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked two . The Marlins scored their only run in the fifth on an RBI single by Jeremy Hermida , who had two hits to hike his average to .318 . The Dodgers scored three runs in the seventh off Logan Kensing , who was making his major league debut . Loney 's bases-loaded triple made it 7 - 1 , and Blake DeWitt added a three - run triple later in the inning . Russell Martin led off the second inning with a homer for the Dodgers , who have won four of their past five games . The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the third . Billingsley drew a leadoff walk , took second on a single by Rafael Furcal and scored on a single by Jeff Kent . Olsen intentionally walked Russell Martin to load the bases with two outs , but Olsen got Loney to ground out to end the inning . Kemp doubled with two outs in the fifth and scored on Kent 's single to make it 4 - 0 . The Marlins scored their only run in the fifth on a single by Wes Helms , a wild pitch and an RBI single by Jeremy Hermida .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- Jhonny Peralta was n't sure what to expect . Peralta hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs to lead the Cleveland Indians to a 6 - 4 win over the New York Yankees on Friday night . Peralta 's homer in the fifth inning off Andy Pettitte ( 3 - 2 ) gave the Indians a 4 - 3 lead . It was his fourth of the season and second in two games . Peralta is hitting .256 with three homers and seven RBIs in his last six games . Peralta 's homer came after Travis Hafner and Victor Martinez singled with two outs . Paul Byrd ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . Rafael Betancourt worked the ninth for his second save . Andy Pettitte ( 3 - 2 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in five innings . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jhonny Peralta 's RBI single . Jorge Posada singled with two outs in the fourth and Giambi drove a 1 - 2 pitch over the wall in right for his second homer of the season . The Yankees got a run back in the sixth on Hideki Matsui 's two - out homer , his first of the season . Grady Sizemore walked with two outs in the sixth , stole second and scored on Carroll 's single .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- Jack Cassel got his first major league hit , a single and a double . Cassel pitched five solid innings for his first major league win , and the Houston Astros beat the Cincinnati Reds 5 - 3 on Wednesday night . Lance Berkman hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Johnny Cueto ( 1 - 2 ) , who gave up five runs and eight hits in seven innings . Jack Cassel ( 1 - 0 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings . Jose Valverde pitched a perfect ninth for his third save in four chances . Johnny Cueto ( 1 - 2 ) gave up eight hits and five runs with two walks and two strikeouts in seven innings . Berkman put the Astros up 2 - 0 with his two - run homer in the first inning off Cueto . The Reds cut it to 2 - 1 in the bottom of the first when Corey Patterson led off with a single , moved to second on a wild pitch and scored on Ken Griffey Jr. 's single . The Reds tied it in the second on back-to-back singles by Edwin Encarnacion , Scott Hatteberg and Paul Bako . The Reds tied it in the bottom of the inning on Hatteberg 's RBI double and Paul Bako 's RBI single . The Astros regained the lead in the fifth . Pence doubled with one out and scored on Erstad 's single . Berkman 's double to the wall in left-center gave Houston a 5 - 3 lead . The Astros regained the lead in the fifth . Pence doubled with one out and scored on Darin Erstad 's single . Berkman doubled to the wall in left-center , scoring Erstad .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- The Pittsburgh Pirates have been waiting for Jason Bay to come through in clutch situations . Bay hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and the Pirates rallied for a 7 - 4 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . The Pirates won for the seventh time in nine games and moved within one game of St. Louis for the second NL wild card . The Cardinals lost to the Chicago Cubs 4 - 3 in 10 innings . Doug Mientkiewicz hit a pinch-hit , two - run single off Anthony Reyes ( 1 - 1 ) in Pittsburgh 's three - run eighth inning . Damaso Marte ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win and Matt Capps worked a perfect ninth for his sixth save in six opportunities . Anthony Reyes ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and four hits in one inning for the loss . The Cardinals took a 4 - 0 lead in the first against Ian Snell . Skip Schumaker led off with a single , Albert Pujols singled and Chris Duncan walked to load the bases . Glaus doubled down the right-field line , scoring Schumaker and Pujols to make it 2 - 0 . Xavier Nady followed with a sacrifice fly and Jose Bautista was hit by a pitch to load the bases . But Wellemeyer struck out Brian Bixler and Ian Snell to end the inning . Wellemeyer allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings , striking out five and walking one . He also hit Jose Bautista with a pitch with the bases loaded to load the bases in the fourth , but he struck out Brian Bixler and Ian Snell to end the inning . The Pirates tied it in the fifth when Freddy Sanchez singled with one out and Bay followed with a two - run homer . Snell allowed four runs and eight hits in six innings with four walks and one strikeout .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- The Milwaukee Brewers finally got to celebrate . Gabe Kapler singled in the winning run with one out in the 12th inning and the Brewers rallied for a 9 - 8 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . The Brewers have won five of their last six games . Brewers closer Eric Gagne walked Gabe Gross with one out in the ninth before striking out Rick Ankiel . Izturis scored on Albert Pujols ' fielder 's choice grounder to tie it at 8 . Kapler then drove in Gross with a single up the middle . Seth McClung ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 12th for the win . The Cardinals scored a run in the ninth off Eric Gagne , who allowed a run on a fielder 's choice by Albert Pujols , who had three hits and three RBIs . Rickie Weeks Jr. hit a three - run triple off Brad Thompson and Prince Fielder added a sacrifice fly in the sixth to give the Brewers an 8 - 3 lead . The Cardinals scored three runs in the seventh off David Riske , who was making his major league debut after being called up from Triple-A Nashville earlier in the day . Rickie Weeks Jr. had a two - run double and Prince Fielder drove in a run with a sacrifice fly to give the Brewers an 8 - 3 lead . The Brewers took a 3 - 2 lead in the third on Ryan Braun 's two - run double and Corey Hart 's RBI single . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Kyle Lohse . St. Louis made it 2 - 0 in the third when Barton walked , took third on a single by Pujols and scored on Ludwick 's single . The Brewers regained the lead in the fourth when Gabe Gross doubled and scored on Parra 's double .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- Cliff Lee was n't going to let the game get away from him . Lee struck out eight in eight shutout innings , and the Cleveland Indians beat the Minnesota Twins 4 - 0 on Wednesday night . Lee ( 3 - 0 ) gave up two hits and one walk while striking out eight . He retired the first two batters in the ninth before giving up a one - out single to Nick Punto , but he struck out Carlos Gomez and got Matt Tolbert to strike out looking to end the game . Lee has been one of the few bright spots for the AL Central leaders , who have won six of their last seven games . Rafael Perez pitched a scoreless ninth for Cleveland . Francisco Liriano ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs and four hits with five walks and three strikeouts in five innings for the loss . The Twins have lost five of their last six games . The Indians loaded the bases with one out in the second on walks to Ryan Garko and Jhonny Peralta and a one - out walk to Jason Michaels before Blake 's two - run single . The Indians made it 3 - 0 in the fifth when Kelly Shoppach singled with one out and Jamey Carroll drew a two - out walk . Victor Martinez followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 0 . The Indians made it 3 - 0 in the fifth when Kelly Shoppach singled with one out and Jamey Carroll drew a two - out walk . Victor Martinez followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 0 . Blake led off the seventh with a homer off Juan Rincon that made it 4 - 0 . Blake led off the seventh with a homer off Juan Rincon that made it 4 - 0 .
BOSTON ( AP ) -- David Ortiz was n't sure what to expect . Ortiz hit a grand slam and drove in five runs , leading the Boston Red Sox to an 11 - 3 win over the Texas Rangers on Friday night . Ortiz 's third career grand slam in the third inning gave the Red Sox a 4 - 1 lead , and he added a two - run shot in the seventh to give the Red Sox a 9 - 1 lead . Ortiz is hitting .134 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last six games . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games . Daisuke Matsuzaka ( 4 - 0 ) gave up three runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings , striking out four and walking two . Luis Mendoza ( 0 - 2 ) gave up seven runs on five hits and three walks , striking out two in three innings . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Ian Kinsler doubled , stole third and scored on Josh Hamilton 's sacrifice fly . The Red Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the third on a double by Jed Lowrie , a walk to Jacoby Ellsbury and a walk to Dustin Pedroia before Ortiz drove a first-pitch fastball into the seats above the Green Monster . The Red Sox made it 9 - 1 in the fourth when J. D. Drew led off with a walk and scored on Jason Varitek 's double . Sean Casey singled and Jed Lowrie hit a sacrifice fly to make it 6 - 1 . Jed Lowrie 's sacrifice fly made it 6 - 1 , and Pedroia followed with a two - run homer to make it 9 - 1 . The Rangers made it 9 - 3 in the sixth on Blalock 's two - run homer that made it 9 - 3 . But Javier Lopez got Laird to ground into a fielder 's choice with the bases loaded .
ANAHEIM , Calif. ( AP ) -- Richie Sexson was n't sure he 'd ever hit two home runs in a game . Sexson homered twice and drove in four runs , leading the Los Angeles Angels to a 5 - 4 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Friday night . Sexson 's first home run of the season came in the seventh inning after Adrian Beltre doubled with one out and went to second on Jose Vidro 's single . Sexson then hit a 1 - 0 pitch into the lower seats in the left-field corner for his first career two - homer game . It was the first career multihomer game for Sexson , who has four home runs in his last four games . Saunders ( 3 - 0 ) gave up four runs and six hits in eight innings , including a three - run homer by Richie Sexson in the seventh . The left-hander is 3 - 0 in his three starts with the Angels , who acquired him from the Chicago Cubs in a three - team trade last December . Saunders ( 3 - 0 ) gave up four runs and six hits in eight innings , struck out two and did n't walk a batter . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth for his seventh save in nine chances . R. A. Dickey ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in six innings , struck out two and walked two . The Angels increased their margin to 5 - 1 in the sixth . Torii Hunter hit a two - out double , Casey Kotchman was intentionally walked and Maicer Izturis drove in Hunter with a two - out single . Napoli followed with an RBI single for a 5 - 1 lead . Richie Sexson hit two home runs for the Mariners , including a two - run shot in the second that made it 3 - 1 . The Angels took a 3 - 0 lead in the first . Chone Figgins singled , Gary Matthews Jr. singled and Vladimir Guerrero walked to load the bases . Dickey struck out Garret Anderson , but Hunter lined a 1 - 2 pitch to the gap in left-center for a double , scoring Figgins and Matthews . Sexson homered in the second for the Mariners ' first hit .
PHILADELPHIA -- Johan Santana was n't going to let the game get away . Pinch-hitter Greg Dobbs hit a tying three - run homer in the eighth inning , Chase Utley also went deep and the New York Mets beat the Philadelphia Phillies 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Santana ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out 10 without a walk . Chase Utley hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Greg Dobbs had a pinch-hit , three - run homer off Santana in the eighth to cut it to 5 - 4 . Billy Wagner pitched a perfect ninth for his third save in three tries . Cole Hamels ( 2 - 2 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Ryan Church drew a one - out walk and scored on David Wright 's double . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the third . Jose Reyes drew a one - out walk , stole second and scored on Wright 's two - out triple to right-center . Jose Reyes drew a one - out walk in the third , stole second and scored on Wright 's triple to right-center . Utley led off the bottom of the seventh with a homer to left to cut it to 2 - 1 . Ryan Church led off the eighth with a single and Wright doubled to put runners on second and third . After Beltran was intentionally walked to load the bases , Carlos Delgado hit a grounder to second baseman Luis Castillo , who threw to second for the out . Church scored and Wright advanced to third on the play .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) -- The San Francisco Giants finally found a way to win . Bengie Molina drove in the go-ahead run with a sacrifice fly in the seventh inning , and the Giants beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 5 - 4 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Giants won for the seventh time in nine games and moved within one game of first-place San Francisco in the NL West . The Diamondbacks lost to the Los Angeles Dodgers 3 - 2 . Eugenio Velez led off the seventh with a pinch-hit single off Chad Qualls ( 0 - 1 ) and went to third when shortstop Stephen Drew bobbled Randy Winn 's grounder for an error . Aaron Rowand walked to load the bases before Ray Durham grounded into a fielder 's choice to drive in Velez , and Bengie Molina followed with a sacrifice fly to give San Francisco a 5 - 4 lead . Tyler Walker pitched a perfect eighth and Brian Wilson worked the ninth for his fourth save in five chances . The Giants won for the fourth time in five games . Jackson hit a two - run homer in the first to give San Francisco a 2 - 0 lead . Jose Castillo reached on third baseman Mark Reynolds ' fielding error leading off the second and scored on Randy Winn 's two - run single . Winn stole second and scored on Ray Durham 's groundout . Arizona tied it in the third on Jackson 's RBI single and Upton 's two - out single . The Diamondbacks tied it in the third on Jackson 's RBI single and Upton 's two - out single . Sanchez allowed four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in five innings .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Brian Bannister did n't have his best stuff . Bannister pitched a three - hitter for his first career complete game , and the Kansas City Royals beat the Minnesota Twins 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Bannister ( 3 - 0 ) , who had been 0 - 3 in four starts since his last victory on May 7 , was the first of the season to take the mound for the first time in his career . He gave up one unearned run and three hits , struck out three and walked one . Bannister did n't allow a hit until Jason Kubel 's one - out single in the ninth . Francisco Liriano ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings , walking five and striking out four . Justin Morneau singled home Brendan Harris in the first for Minnesota 's only run . The Royals went ahead 2 - 1 in the second when Alex Gordon led off with a walk and scored on Miguel Olivo 's double . Gordon led off the Royals fourth with a double , stole third and scored on Tony Pena Jr. 's sacrifice fly . Joey Gathright singled and German singled to left to score Buck and give the Royals a 4 - 1 lead . Gordon doubled to lead off the fourth and scored on Tony Pena Jr. 's sacrifice fly . Joey Gathright singled and scored on Esteban German 's single to make it 4 - 1 . The Twins loaded the bases with one out in the sixth on a single by Adam Everett , a hit batter and a hit batter . Juan Rincon came in and gave up a leadoff homer to Gordon . Gordon homered off Juan Rincon leading off the eighth .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- Bobby Crosby is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Crosby hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs to lead the Oakland Athletics to a 7 - 3 win over the Cleveland Indians on Friday night . Crosby hit a three - run homer in Oakland 's four - run seventh to help the A 's win for the fourth time in five games . Crosby 's homer was his first since May 8 . Crosby 's homer came in the seventh off Rafael Perez . DiNardo ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs and six hits in five innings for his first major league win . Roberto Hernandez ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and two hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked eight and struck out one . The Indians scored twice in the sixth . Travis Hafner and Victor Martinez started the inning with singles . Devine struck out Jhonny Peralta , but walked Ryan Garko and Ryan Garko to load the bases . Andrew Brown came on and gave up a sacrifice fly to Grady Sizemore to make it 7 - 3 . The A 's made it 7 - 3 in the third on Barton 's two - out , two - run single off Roberto Hernandez ( 1 - 1 ) . The A 's made it 3 - 1 in the fourth on a walk to Travis Buck , a double by Mark Ellis and a walk to Denorfia . Jensen Lewis came on and struck out Travis Buck and got Mark Ellis to pop out to end the inning . The Indians loaded the bases with one out in the sixth on singles by Travis Hafner and Victor Martinez and a walk to Ryan Garko . Franklin Gutierrez flied out to center , but Devine was replaced by Joey Devine .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Livan Hernandez did n't have his best stuff . Hernandez threw seven shutout innings and the Minnesota Twins beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 0 on Wednesday night . Hernandez ( 3 - 0 ) gave up seven hits , struck out three and walked one . Carlos Gomez had a two - run double during a four - run second inning for the Twins , who have won three of four . Gil Meche ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs and five hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out six . The Twins scored four runs in the second inning off Meche ( 0 - 2 ) . Delmon Young led off with a walk , stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch . He scored on Denard Span 's single , and Carlos Gomez 's two - run double made it 3 - 0 . It was the fourth time in five games that the Royals have been shut out . Morneau led off the third inning with his sixth home run of the season . The Royals loaded the bases with one out in the fifth on singles by Alberto Callaspo and Joey Gathright and a single by Mark Teahen . Hernandez escaped the jam by striking out Jose Guillen and getting Billy Butler to ground out . The Royals loaded the bases with one out in the fifth on singles by Alberto Callaspo and Joey Gathright and a one - out single by Mark Teahen . Hernandez escaped the jam by striking out Jose Guillen and getting Billy Butler to ground out . Carlos Gomez tripled with one out in the seventh off Yasuhiko Yabuta , but Matt Tolbert popped out and Mauer grounded out to end the inning . Billy Butler singled with two outs in the eighth for the Royals ' first hit off Jesse Crain .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- The Tampa Bay Rays are finally starting to find a way to win . Edwin Jackson allowed two hits over eight scoreless innings and the Rays beat the Seattle Mariners 7 - 0 on Wednesday night . The Rays have won four of their last five games . Jackson ( 2 - 0 ) struck out six and walked four in his second start of the season . The right-hander was 0 - 2 with a 10.91 ERA in his first two starts . Eric Hinske hit a solo homer in the fourth off Miguel Batista ( 0 - 2 ) , who gave up four runs and eight hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and walked three . Jonny Gomes doubled with one out in the sixth and scored on Mike DiFelice 's two - out single off Eric O'Flaherty . Batista ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in six - plus innings . He walked three and struck out four . The Rays loaded the bases with no outs in the seventh on singles by Akinori Iwamura and Carl Crawford and hit Carlos Pena with a pitch . Eric O'Flaherty replaced Batista and hit Carlos Pena with a pitch to load the bases . Upton followed with a two - run single off Eric O'Flaherty to make it 4 - 0 . The Mariners were shut out for the third time this season . The Mariners loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on a single by Adrian Beltre , a single by Adrian Beltre and a walk to Raul Ibanez . But Richie Sexson grounded into a double play and Jose Vidro lined out to end the inning . The Mariners were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Mariners loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on a single by Adrian Beltre , a single by Adrian Beltre and a walk to Raul Ibanez . But Richie Sexson grounded into a double play and Jose Vidro lined out to end the inning . The Mariners were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Mariners loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on a single by Adrian Beltre , a single by Adrian Beltre and a walk to Raul Ibanez . But Richie Sexson grounded into a double play and Jose Vidro lined out to end the inning . The Mariners were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Mariners loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on a single by Adrian Beltre , a single by Adrian Beltre and a walk to Raul Ibanez . But Richie Sexson grounded into a double play and Jose Vidro lined out to end the inning . The Mariners were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Mariners loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on a single by Adrian Beltre , a single by Adrian Beltre and a walk to Raul Ibanez . But Richie Sexson grounded into a double play and Jose Vidro lined out to end the inning . The Mariners were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Mariners loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on a single by Adrian Beltre , a single by Adrian Beltre and a walk to Raul Ibanez . But Richie Sexson grounded into a double play and Jose Vidro lined out to end the inning . The Mariners were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Mariners loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on a single by Adrian Beltre , a single by Adrian Beltre and a walk to Raul Ibanez . But Richie Sexson grounded into a double play and Jose Vidro lined out to end the inning . The Mariners were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Mariners loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on a single by Adrian Beltre , a single by Adrian Beltre and a walk to Raul Ibanez . But Richie Sexson grounded into a double play and Jose Vidro lined out to end the inning . The Mariners were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Mariners loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on a single by Adrian Beltre , a single by Adrian Beltre and a walk to Raul Ibanez . But Richie Sexson grounded into a double play and Jose Vidro lined out to end the inning . The Mariners were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Mariners loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on a single by Adrian Beltre , a single by Adrian Beltre and a walk to Raul Ibanez . But Richie Sexson grounded into a double play and Jose Vidro lined out to end the inning . The Mariners were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Mariners loaded the bases
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Jason Kubel had a big night at the plate . Kubel homered and drove in a career-high six runs , and the Minnesota Twins beat the Chicago White Sox 12 - 5 on Tuesday night . Kubel 's grand slam in the sixth inning off Nick Masset gave the Twins a 11 - 3 lead , and Kubel 's grand slam in the sixth gave the Twins a 12 - 3 lead . It was his fourth of the season and second grand slam of his career . Kubel has been one of the few bright spots in the majors this season , hitting just .185 with two homers and six RBIs . Kubel 's grand slam in the sixth off Nick Masset gave the Twins a 11 - 3 lead . Scott Baker ( 2 - 0 ) gave up three runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Brian Bass worked the final four innings for his first save . John Danks ( 0 - 1 ) gave up seven runs and seven hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Twins scored two runs in the first on Delmon Young 's RBI single and Jason Kubel 's sacrifice fly . The Twins added three runs in the third . Brendan Harris and Joe Mauer started the inning with singles and scored on Jason Kubel 's one - out single to make it 3 - 0 . Orlando Cabrera followed with a single to left , but Jim Thome struck out to end the inning . The White Sox scored twice in the sixth . Brian Anderson led off with a double and advanced to third when Harris bobbled A. J. Pierzynski 's grounder for an error . Carlos Quentin then hit a grounder to Crede at third , but Harris threw to second for an error , allowing Anderson to score .
ANAHEIM , Calif. ( AP ) -- Jake Westbrook is making the most of his opportunity . Travis Hafner hit a go-ahead two - run homer in the ninth inning , and the Cleveland Indians beat the Los Angeles Angels 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Westbrook ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in his second career complete game and second this season . The right-hander struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Vladimir Guerrero gave the Angels a 3 - 2 lead with a two - run homer in the sixth after a single by Erick Aybar , a single by Chone Figgins and a sacrifice fly by Gary Matthews Jr . Justin Speier ( 0 - 1 ) walked Asdrubal Cabrera with two outs in the ninth before Hafner drove a first-pitch fastball over the wall in left-center for his first home run of the season . Jake Westbrook ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and seven hits over his first career complete game , striking out four without walking a batter . Vladimir Guerrero hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Angels , who have lost four of five . The Angels ' Ervin Santana gave up two runs and six hits in six innings , struck out five and walked three . Asdrubal Cabrera 's two - out , two - run single in the fifth off Angels starter Ervin Santana gave the Indians a 2 - 0 lead . The Indians loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth on a single by Ryan Garko , a double by David Dellucci and a walk to Casey Blake . But Jamey Carroll flied out to center to end the threat . The Indians loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth on a single by Ryan Garko , a double by David Dellucci and a walk to Casey Blake . But Santana escaped the jam by getting Carroll to fly out to center . Hafner singled with two outs in the first , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Travis Hafner singled with two outs in the first for the Indians ' first hit , but was thrown out by Victor Martinez trying to stretch a single into a double . Travis Hafner singled with two outs in the first for the Indians ' first hit , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Hanley Ramirez was n't sure what to expect . Ramirez homered and drove in three runs , and the Florida Marlins beat the Washington Nationals 10 - 7 on Tuesday night . Ramirez had a two - run homer in the top of the ninth off Jon Rauch to give Florida a 10 - 7 lead . Ramirez had three hits and drove in three runs . Robert Andino hit a two - run homer off Jon Rauch in the ninth for Washington . Renyel Pinto ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 2 2/3 scoreless innings for his first major league win . Kevin Gregg got four outs for his first save . Tim Redding ( 1 - 1 ) gave up seven runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in four - plus innings . The Marlins took a 3 - 2 lead in the third on a two - run double by Amezaga and a three - run homer by Ramirez , who had three hits and three RBIs . Guzman 's two - run single off Andrew Miller made it 7 - 5 in the fourth , and Lastings Milledge 's RBI single made it 7 - 6 . Chris Schroder came in and gave up a two - run homer to Dan Uggla in the sixth to make it 8 - 6 . The Nationals cut the lead to 8 - 7 in the eighth on Lastings Milledge 's sacrifice fly and 8 - 6 , but Kevin Gregg got Paul Lo Duca on a fielder 's choice with the bases loaded to end the eighth .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- The Baltimore Orioles found a way to win . Aubrey Huff hit a tiebreaking home run in the eighth inning and the Orioles beat the Seattle Mariners 5 - 4 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . It was the first time this season the Orioles have won a game in which they scored more than three runs . Dennis Sarfate ( 2 - 0 ) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of hitless relief . Jamie Walker gave up a leadoff single to Ichiro Suzuki in the seventh before retiring the next two batters . Eric O'Flaherty ( 0 - 1 ) got the first two outs of the eighth before Huff homered to right . George Sherrill worked the ninth for his fourth save . Dennis Sarfate ( 2 - 0 ) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of hitless relief . Jamie Walker worked 1 1/3 innings of hitless relief . Seattle starter Carlos Silva allowed four runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out five without a walk . Suzuki and Ibanez homered in the first inning for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . The Orioles took a 3 - 2 lead in the third . Luis Hernandez hit a one - out single and scored on a double by Brian Roberts before Mora hit a two - run homer to left . Seattle tied it in the fourth on a single by Adrian Beltre , a walk to Sexson and a fielder 's choice by Jose Vidro . The Orioles tied it in the fifth on a double by Adam Jones , a sacrifice bunt by Hernandez and an RBI single by Roberts .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- The Minnesota Twins are finally starting to find a way to win . The Twins took two of three from AL Central-leading Kansas City , beating the Kansas City Royals 4 - 3 on Friday night . The Twins have won six of their last seven games , including the first two games of the series . Scott Baker ( 1 - 0 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings for the win . Joe Nathan pitched the ninth for his second save . John Bale ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in 6 1/3 innings for the loss . The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a groundout by Jose Guillen and an RBI groundout by Jose Guillen . Billy Butler 's RBI single made it 2 - 0 . John Buck 's RBI single in the second was the Royals ' only hit until Mark Teahen led off the Royals ' second with a double and scored on John Buck 's single to make it 3 - 1 . The Twins tied it in the bottom of the third on Morneau 's RBI single and Delmon Young 's RBI groundout . The Twins regained the lead in the fourth when Lamb led off with a double and scored on Adam Everett 's squeeze bunt . The Royals got a leadoff single from Mark Grudzielanek in the sixth , but Alex Gordon flied out and Jose Guillen lined out to second baseman Mark Grudzielanek , who threw to second to double Grudzielanek off the bag . Baker gave up a leadoff single to Mark Grudzielanek in the sixth , but Jose Guillen lined into a double play to end the inning .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Angels are finally starting to find a way to win . Maicer Izturis drove in two runs , Maicer Izturis had a two - run single and the Angels beat the Minnesota Twins 9 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Angels have won six of their last seven games . Jon Garland ( 1 - 0 ) gave up one run and six hits in eight innings for the win . Darren O'Day gave up two hits in the ninth , but got Mike Lamb to ground out with the bases loaded to end the game . Boof Bonser ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in six innings . He struck out four without a walk . Napoli led off the fifth with his first home run of the season , and Vladimir Guerrero added a two - run single later in the inning to make it 4 - 0 . Chone Figgins doubled with one out in the seventh off Jesse Crain and scored on Anderson 's single to make it 5 - 1 . Kotchman led off the eighth with a homer off Brian Bass , and Howie Kendrick singled to put runners at first and third with one out . Juan Rivera then grounded out to end the inning . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on back-to-back doubles by Guerrero and Anderson . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on back-to-back doubles by Guerrero and Anderson .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Cody Ross was n't sure what to expect . Ross hit two home runs , including a two - run double in the 12th inning , and the New York Mets rallied to beat the Florida Marlins 7 - 6 on Wednesday night . It was Ross ' second multihomer game of the season and the second of his career . Duaner Sanchez ( 1 - 0 ) got the win despite allowing a tying homer to Alfredo Amezaga in the top of the 12th . Sanchez ( 1 - 0 ) gave up one run and one hit in two innings for his first major league win . Endy Chavez led off the bottom of the ninth with a tying homer off Marlins closer Kevin Gregg . Carlos Beltran singled off Justin Miller ( 1 - 2 ) to put runners on first and third with no outs . Miller struck out Damion Easley , but Tatis lined the first pitch he saw into the left-center gap for a two - run double . Endy Chavez led off the bottom of the ninth with a tying homer off Kevin Gregg , who blew his second save in 10 chances . Luis Castillo hit a two - run homer in the first inning for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Mike Rabelo and Alfredo Amezaga homered for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Ross hit a leadoff homer in the fifth off Oliver Perez to make it 3 - 2 . Ross hit a three - run homer in the sixth to put the Marlins ahead 5 - 4 . Olsen allowed four runs and six hits in five innings .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- The Chicago White Sox are making a habit of winning . Carlos Quentin drove in three runs , A. J. Pierzynski hit a go-ahead double in the seventh inning and the White Sox beat the Cleveland Indians 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . The White Sox won for the fifth time in six games . Gavin Floyd ( 5 - 3 ) gave up five runs , four earned , and eight hits in six innings . Jhonny Peralta hit a two - run homer in the sixth to put the Indians up 5 - 3 . Floyd ( 5 - 3 ) gave up five runs , four earned , and eight hits in six innings . He struck out seven without a walk . Carlos Quentin drove in three runs and A. J. Pierzynski had a two - run double for the White Sox . Bobby Jenks worked the ninth for his 14th save in 15 chances . The Indians scored three runs in the sixth to take a 5 - 3 lead . Victor Martinez led off with a double and scored on David Dellucci 's double to right . Peralta followed with a two - run homer to left . The Indians took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Grady Sizemore and Jamey Carroll led off with singles , stole third and scored when Floyd fielded Ben Francisco 's ground ball and threw wildly to the plate . Victor Martinez followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 . Dye 's two - out homer in the fourth , his fourth of the season , cut Chicago 's lead to 2 - 1 . The White Sox loaded the bases with no outs in the fifth on singles by Joe Crede and Alexei Ramirez and a walk to Orlando Cabrera . Crede scored on Pierzynski 's groundout and Ramirez scored on Quentin 's sacrifice fly . Westbrook gave up three runs and five hits in five innings .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- The Baltimore Orioles found a way to win in extra innings . Kevin Millar hit two home runs , Kevin Millar homered twice and Alex Cintron singled in the winning run in the 11th inning to give the Orioles a 10 - 9 victory over the New York Yankees on Wednesday night . It was the first time this season the Orioles had scored at least 10 runs in a game , and the first time since June 2008 . The Yankees trailed 8 - 4 before rallying against Matt Albers ( 3 - 1 ) in the 11th . Ramon Hernandez hit a one - out double off LaTroy Hawkins ( 1 - 1 ) and moved to third on a two - out walk to pinch-hitter Jay Payton before Brian Roberts flied out to end the game . Melvin Mora led off the 11th with a single against Hawkins ( 1 - 1 ) and scored on Huff 's one - out double . Luke Scott was intentionally walked and pinch-hitter Jay Payton was intentionally walked to load the bases for Cintron , who lined a single to right . Millar also hit a two - run homer off Yankees closer Mariano Rivera in the 10th inning Tuesday night . The Orioles , who have won six of their last eight games , improved to 5 - 0 against New York this season . Giambi and Hernandez hit successive solo shots in the second inning , and Derek Jeter was hit by a pitch to put New York up 4 - 0 . Baltimore tied it in the bottom half on a two - run homer by Millar and a fielding error by Rodriguez at third base . The Orioles tied it in the bottom half on a two - run homer by Millar and an error by Rodriguez at third base . New York went up 4 - 4 in the fourth when Johnny Damon hit a two - out double and scored on a single by Derek Jeter . Abreu followed with a two - run drive to left , and Rodriguez followed with a drive to left . In the fifth , Mora hit a two - run homer off Ross Ohlendorf and Millar followed with a solo shot .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- The Florida Marlins are starting to look like themselves . Luis Gonzalez hit a three - run double , Luis Gonzalez drove in three runs and the Marlins beat the New York Mets 7 - 3 on Wednesday night for their fourth straight victory . The Marlins won for the fourth time in five games . Ricky Nolasco ( 4 - 3 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in five innings for the win . Mike Pelfrey ( 2 - 6 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- and six hits in four - plus innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Marlins loaded the bases with two outs in the third on a single by Jeremy Hermida , a walk to Mike Jacobs and a hit batter . Gonzalez followed with a three - run double and Matt Treanor added an RBI single to make it 6 - 3 . Jacque Jones walked with one out in the eighth against Matt Wise , and pinch-hitter Wes Helms doubled to put runners at second and third . After Hanley Ramirez was intentionally walked to load the bases , Hermida singled to make it 7 - 3 . Reyes hit his second leadoff homer of the game in the first , and the Marlins scored twice in the bottom half . Jorge Cantu reached on a two - out throwing error by shortstop Reyes and scored on Mike Jacobs ' double . Dan Uggla 's RBI double made it 2 - 0 . Reyes hit his second homer of the game in the second to give the Mets a 3 - 2 lead . Reyes hit a solo shot in the second to give Florida a 3 - 2 lead . The Marlins took a 6 - 3 lead in the third on Gonzalez 's three - run double and Matt Treanor 's RBI single . The Marlins scored twice in the first . Jorge Cantu reached on a two - out throwing error by shortstop Reyes and scored on Mike Jacobs ' double . Uggla followed with an RBI double .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- The Tampa Bay Rays are making a habit of coming out of the cellar in the AL East . Matt Garza pitched four - hit ball into the eighth inning , and the Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 2 - 0 on Wednesday night for their fourth straight victory . The Rays , coming off a three - game sweep of Boston , have won six of their last seven overall . Garza ( 3 - 1 ) gave up four hits and four walks in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out four . Troy Percival worked the ninth for his 14th save in 15 opportunities . Jeremy Guthrie ( 2 - 5 ) gave up one run and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out five . The Rays scored an unearned run off Guthrie in the fifth . Eric Hinske singled with one out and stole second before Jason Bartlett drew a one - out walk . Crawford singled to center to score Hinske and put Tampa Bay up 1 - 0 . Jamie Walker got the last two outs of the eighth for Tampa Bay . Jamie Walker got the last two outs of the eighth for the Orioles , who have won four of five . The Orioles were shut out for the third time this season . The Orioles loaded the bases with two outs in the second on a triple by Aubrey Huff , a walk to Kevin Millar and a walk to Adam Jones . But Garza retired Freddie Bynum on a grounder to end the threat . The Rays loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but failed to score when Evan Longoria struck out and Cliff Floyd struck out . Kevin Millar hit a two - out double in the sixth and Luke Scott walked before Ramon Hernandez flied out to end the inning .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- The Arizona Diamondbacks had a big early lead . Stephen Drew and Eric Byrnes homered during a five - run first inning , and the Diamondbacks beat the Atlanta Braves 11 - 1 on Wednesday night . The Diamondbacks have won four straight and six of seven . Davis ( 2 - 1 ) gave up one run and five hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out four . Jo-Jo Reyes ( 2 - 2 ) gave up eight runs , seven earned , on six hits and three walks in five innings . He struck out four . The Diamondbacks jumped on Reyes for five runs in the first . Drew hit a one - out homer into the right-field seats , and Chris Snyder had a two - run double before Byrnes homered . The Braves scored in the second on Kelly Johnson 's RBI single . Jackson led off the fifth with a homer to left , his fourth of the season and second in two games . Chris Young hit a two - run homer off Chris Resop in the sixth to make it 10 - 1 . Reynolds led off the eighth with a homer off Royce Ring to make it 11 - 1 . Young and Stephen Drew homered for the Diamondbacks .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- The Milwaukee Brewers have been waiting all season long enough to keep their winning streak going . Corey Hart hit a solo home run in the ninth inning , Corey Hart added a solo shot and the Brewers beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Brewers won for only the second time in eight games . Manny Parra ( 2 - 2 ) gave up four hits in 5 2/3 innings , striking out six and walking one . Jason Bay hit a two - run homer off Brewers closer Eric Gagne in the ninth , but Salomon Torres got Brian Bixler to fly out to center to end the game . Paul Maholm ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings , striking out five and walking two . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Corey Hart scored on Jason Kendall 's fielder 's choice . Weeks Jr. singled with one out in the fifth and scored on Braun 's single to center . Cameron , who had three hits , drove in two runs with a two - run homer in the seventh off Paul Maholm ( 2 - 5 ) and a two - run shot off Sean Burnett that made it 4 - 0 in the seventh . The Brewers added two runs in the eighth off Sean Burnett , who was making his major league debut . J. J. Hardy drew a one - out walk and scored on Hall 's double . Kendall added an RBI single to make it 6 - 0 . Hart homered off Marino Salas in the ninth .
TORONTO ( AP ) -- John Lackey 's first major league win was a memorable one . Lackey won for the first time in three starts , and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Toronto Blue Jays 3 - 1 on Wednesday night . Lackey ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and seven hits in seven innings , walked three and struck out six . He walked three and struck out six . Francisco Rodriguez worked the ninth for his 18th save in 20 chances . Dustin McGowan ( 2 - 4 ) allowed three runs , two earned , and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out four . The Angels opened the scoring in the first when Maicer Izturis reached on shortstop Marco Scutaro 's throwing error , Gary Matthews Jr. walked and Vladimir Guerrero singled to load the bases . Izturis scored when Garret Anderson grounded into a double play . Brad Wilkerson tied it in the bottom of the first with a leadoff homer to left , his fourth . The Angels reclaimed the lead in the third when Torii Hunter doubled and scored on Casey Kotchman 's double . The Blue Jays made it 3 - 1 in the fourth when Shannon Stewart led off with a single and Lyle Overbay walked , but Gregg Zaun grounded into a double play and Wilkerson struck out . The Angels made it 3 - 1 in the seventh when Gary Matthews Jr. tripled and scored on Vladimir Guerrero 's sacrifice fly off Jason Frasor . The Angels made it 3 - 1 in the seventh when Gary Matthews Jr. tripled and scored on Vladimir Guerrero 's sacrifice fly . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with no outs in the eighth , but Scot Shields struck out Matt Stairs and Shannon Stewart to ground into a double play .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- Edinson Volquez had a lot to do with it . Volquez pitched six solid innings for his seventh win , and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Cleveland Indians 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Volquez ( 7 - 1 ) gave up four hits and two runs with four walks and five strikeouts . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . Cliff Lee ( 6 - 1 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out two . Ken Griffey Jr. had an RBI single in the fifth , and Brandon Phillips added a run-scoring single for a 4 - 1 lead . Votto hit a two - run homer in the sixth off Lee , who gave up 10 hits and six runs -- five earned -- in 5 2/3 innings . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Ryan Freel led off with a single , Paul Janish walked and Brandon Phillips drove in Freel with a groundout . The Indians tied it in the fourth when Asdrubal Cabrera walked , stole second and scored on Blake 's single . The Indians tied it in the fourth . Asdrubal Cabrera drew a two - out walk , stole second and scored on Casey Blake 's two - out single . The Reds made it 4 - 1 in the fifth . Freel singled with two outs and Paul Janish followed with a single . Ken Griffey Jr. singled home Freel and Phillips singled to make it 4 - 1 . Jhonny Peralta led off the seventh with a single off Jeremy Affeldt and scored on Carroll 's single . Victor Martinez added an RBI single off Jared Burton .
PHOENIX ( AP ) -- The Arizona Diamondbacks have been in first place in the NL West . Chris Young drove in three runs with a double and the Diamondbacks beat the Detroit Tigers 4 - 0 on Wednesday night for their fourth straight victory . The Diamondbacks won for the fourth time in five games . Young 's two - run double off Nate Robertson ( 1 - 5 ) gave Arizona a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth inning . Johnson ( 4 - 1 ) gave up six hits , struck out five and walked one in seven shutout innings . Nate Robertson ( 1 - 5 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . The Tigers have lost five of their last six games . Reynolds led off the bottom of the fifth with a single , moved to second on a wild pitch and scored on Young 's two - out double to right . The Diamondbacks made it 4 - 0 in the sixth . Mark Reynolds , who had three hits , singled with two outs and scored when right fielder Magglio Ordonez bobbled Chris Burke 's double down the line in right . Robertson walked Randy Johnson to load the bases , and Bobby Seay walked Young on a 3 - 2 pitch to make it 4 - 0 . Young had been 0 - for - 12 in his previous four games . The Diamondbacks scored three times in the sixth . Mark Reynolds singled with two outs and scored when right fielder Magglio Ordonez bobbled Chris Burke 's double down the line in right for an error . Freddy Dolsi relieved Robertson and walked Johnson to load the bases , then walked Chris Young to make it 4 - 0 . The Tigers were shut out for the second time this season .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Jo-Jo Reyes did n't have his best stuff . Reyes gave up two runs in five innings and the Atlanta Braves beat the Oakland Athletics 5 - 2 on Wednesday night . Reyes ( 2 - 1 ) gave up eight hits and two runs in five innings . He walked two and struck out six . Yunel Escobar had three hits , including a two - run single in the second that gave Atlanta a 3 - 1 lead . Justin Duchscherer ( 3 - 3 ) gave up three runs on seven hits and two walks in five innings . Bobby Crosby gave the A 's a 1 - 0 lead with his homer in the first . Escobar 's two - run single in the second inning gave Atlanta a 3 - 1 lead . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but Duchscherer struck out Reyes and got Jeff Francoeur to ground into a double play . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but Duchscherer struck out pinch-hitter Frank Thomas and got Ryan Sweeney to ground out . The A 's cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the sixth on Hannahan 's RBI double and pinch-hitter Omar Infante 's two - run triple off Alan Embree . Infante hit a two - run triple off Alan Embree in the eighth .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Rich Harden has been a big reason why . Harden gave up four hits and one run in seven strong innings to lead the Oakland Athletics to a 5 - 4 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Friday night . Harden ( 2 - 0 ) gave up four hits and one walk with eight strikeouts in seven innings . Huston Street gave up three runs in the ninth before striking out Greg Norton to end the game . Tim Hudson ( 6 - 3 ) gave up five runs on five hits and five walks in five - plus innings . Cust hit his ninth homer in the first inning to give the Athletics a 1 - 0 lead . Sweeney 's homer made it 4 - 0 in the second . The Athletics loaded the bases with no outs in the third on singles by Bobby Crosby and Ruben Gotay and a walk to Brown . Hudson then walked Daric Barton to force in a run , but got Kurt Suzuki to hit into a double play and struck out Donnie Murphy to end the inning . Harden walked Gregor Blanco and gave up a single to pinch-hitter Ruben Gotay and an RBI single to Yunel Escobar in the fifth . The Braves cut the lead to 5 - 1 in the fifth . Gregor Blanco walked , went to third on a single by pinch-hitter Ruben Gotay and scored on Yunel Escobar 's single . Atlanta cut the lead to 5 - 4 in the bottom of the ninth on Jeff Francoeur 's fielder 's choice grounder and Gregor Blanco 's sacrifice fly . The Braves cut the lead to 5 - 4 in the ninth on Jeff Francoeur 's fielder 's choice grounder and Gregor Blanco 's sacrifice fly .
BOSTON ( AP ) -- Mike Lowell is making a strong case to stay in the lineup . Lowell hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs to lead the Boston Red Sox to a 7 - 6 win over the Milwaukee Brewers on Friday night . Lowell has been one of the few bright spots for the third straight season . He 's batting just .282 with two homers and seven RBIs in his last 10 games . Lowell hit a two - run homer in the sixth to give Boston a 5 - 0 lead , but the Brewers scored three times in the sixth . Jacoby Ellsbury reached on an error by third baseman Bill Hall to start the seventh and Dustin Pedroia reached on third baseman Bill Hall 's throwing error . Craig Hansen ( 1 - 2 ) got the win despite allowing three unearned runs in the seventh . Mike Timlin pitched the ninth for his first save . Milwaukee starter Dave Bush gave up five runs -- four earned -- on five hits and two walks , striking out two in six innings . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out , two - run double by Lowell . Lowell 's homer made it 4 - 0 in the third . The Red Sox added an unearned run in the fifth when Jacoby Ellsbury reached on an error by third baseman Bill Hall , stole second and scored on Youkilis ' two - out grounder . The Brewers loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth , but David Aardsma came in and struck out Ryan Braun .
PHOENIX ( AP ) -- Brandon Webb was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Webb allowed three runs and six hits in 7 1/3 innings to win his fourth straight start , and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the Colorado Rockies 8 - 5 on Tuesday night . Webb ( 9 - 0 ) struck out eight , walked one and threw 111 pitches . Brandon Medders gave up a pair of runs in the ninth , but Brandon Lyon worked the ninth for his 12th save in 13 chances . Snyder , who hit a three - run homer off Aaron Cook ( 6 - 2 ) , added a run-scoring double in the fifth . Cook ( 6 - 2 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out six . Drew had four hits , including an RBI double in the fifth , and Chris Young had two hits and scored three runs for Arizona . The Rockies scored in the seventh when Brad Hawpe singled with one out and scored on Chris Iannetta 's double . Doug Slaten got pinch-hitter Garrett Atkins to fly out to center to end the inning . The Diamondbacks scored three unearned runs in the eighth off Brian Fuentes . Chris Young and Drew singled to start the inning and Hudson followed with an RBI single . Young and Drew singled to start the game and Hudson singled in Young .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) -- Cole Hamels did n't have his best stuff . Hamels pitched a four - hitter for his second shutout of the season , and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Atlanta Braves 5 - 0 on Wednesday night . Hamels ( 5 - 3 ) struck out six and walked two . He threw 120 pitches , 85 for strikes . Jeff Francoeur led off the ninth with a single , but Hamels got Mark Teixeira to ground into a double play and struck out Brian McCann to end the game . Ryan Howard and Pedro Feliz hit solo homers for the Phillies . Chuck James ( 2 - 3 ) gave up five runs and six hits in four innings . He walked five and struck out none . Howard hit a solo shot to left in the third to give the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead . Victorino 's two - run homer in the fourth was the only run allowed by Hamels . Jorge Campillo pitched three scoreless innings in relief of Hamels . Jorge Campillo pitched three scoreless innings in relief of Hamels . Jorge Campillo pitched three scoreless innings in relief of Hamels . Feliz led off the second with a homer to right . Coste walked and Jimmy Rollins singled with one out , but Shane Victorino grounded into a double play to end the inning . Feliz led off the bottom of the second with a homer to right . Coste followed with a walk and scored on Rollins ' single .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Jose Guillen has been on a tear since coming off the disabled list . Guillen hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs to lead the Kansas City Royals to an 8 - 4 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Guillen , who has been in a season-long slump , is hitting .224 with four home runs and 10 RBIs in his past 10 games . The Royals have won four of their last five games , including three straight at home . Gil Meche ( 3 - 5 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . Kenny Rogers ( 3 - 4 ) gave up seven runs and 11 hits in four - plus innings . He walked three and struck out one . The Royals jumped out to a 3 - 0 lead in the first inning . Joey Gathright drew a leadoff walk , took second on Esteban German 's bunt single and scored on Butler 's double . Miguel Olivo 's RBI double made it 3 - 0 . The Royals tacked on two more in the second . Ross Gload led off the inning with a double and scored on Gathright 's single . Miguel Olivo followed with a double and scored on Mark Teahen 's single to make it 7 - 1 . The Tigers got a run back in the fifth when Ramon Santiago doubled and scored on Curtis Granderson 's single . The Tigers cut it to 7 - 4 in the eighth when Carlos Guillen doubled and scored on Magglio Ordonez 's double off Joel Peralta . The Tigers got a run back in the eighth on Magglio Ordonez 's RBI double off Joel Peralta .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- The Chicago Cubs are starting to look like a team that has n't had a winning record since the All-Star break . Alfonso Soriano homered and drove in three runs , and the Cubs beat the San Diego Padres 8 - 5 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight victory . The Cubs won for the fourth time in five games . Ted Lilly ( 4 - 4 ) struck out a season-high 11 in six innings , allowing four runs and six hits . The Padres loaded the bases with one out in the ninth against Kerry Wood , but Brian Giles flied out to end the game . Jake Peavy ( 4 - 3 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in four innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Soriano led off the bottom of the first with his 10th homer , driving a 2 - 1 pitch from Peavy into the left-field bleachers . The Cubs made it 3 - 0 in the second when Kosuke Fukudome led off with a double and scored on Soto 's single . The Cubs made it 4 - 0 in the third . Aramis Ramirez singled and scored on Soto 's single to make it 4 - 0 . The Padres closed to 4 - 3 in the fifth on a two - run single by Tadahito Iguchi and a wild pitch by Lilly . Soto hit a two - run homer off Wil Ledezma in the fifth to make it 6 - 3 . San Diego cut it to 6 - 4 in the sixth on Khalil Greene 's sacrifice fly .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- Matt Stairs was n't sure he 'd ever hit his first grand slam . Stairs hit a grand slam in the first inning , and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Minnesota Twins 6 - 5 on Friday night for their fifth straight victory . Stairs ' first career grand slam came in the first inning against Boof Bonser ( 2 - 5 ) , who gave up five runs and five hits with three walks and three strikeouts in six innings . Stairs is hitting .304 with three homers and seven RBIs in his last seven games . Roy Halladay ( 4 - 5 ) gave up four runs on nine hits with eight strikeouts in 6 2/3 innings for the win . Scott Downs pitched a perfect ninth for his fifth save in six chances . Boof Bonser ( 2 - 5 ) gave up five runs on five hits and three walks in six innings for the loss . Justin Morneau hit a two - run homer in the first for Minnesota , and Jason Kubel added an RBI double later in the inning . The Twins tied it in the third on Matt Tolbert 's single and Michael Cuddyer 's RBI groundout . The Blue Jays regained the lead in the fourth when Shannon Stewart walked , went to second on Marco Scutaro 's two - out single and scored on Wilkerson 's single to right . The Twins cut the lead to 6 - 5 in the eighth when Justin Morneau singled off Jesse Carlson and scored on Kubel 's one - out double . Brian Tallet came in and struck out Brendan Harris to end the inning . The Blue Jays added an insurance run in the eighth when Scott Rolen doubled and scored when Jesse Crain threw wildly to third trying to get Rolen at third .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- Mike Mussina had to wait a long time to get back on track . Mussina pitched into the seventh inning , Dioner Navarro singled home the go-ahead run in the seventh and the New York Yankees beat the Tampa Bay Rays 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Mussina ( 6 - 3 ) allowed one run and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out four . Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth for his 11th save in as many opportunities . James Shields ( 4 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Rays have lost five of their last six games . Hideki Matsui doubled with two outs in the fourth and scored on Robinson Cano 's single . Bobby Abreu put the Yankees up 2 - 0 in the fifth with a two - out RBI double that scored Morgan Ensberg , who led off the inning with a single . Dioner Navarro had an RBI single in the second for Tampa Bay , which has lost four of five . Mussina walked Evan Longoria with one out in the seventh and was replaced by Ross Ohlendorf , who gave up a single to Cliff Floyd and an RBI single to Dioner Navarro . The Rays had two runners on in the eighth , but Chamberlain struck out Carl Crawford and B. J. Upton to end the inning . Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth for his 11th save in as many opportunities . He has not allowed an earned run in his last 13 appearances . Rivera pitched a perfect ninth for his 11th save in as many opportunities .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Carlos Zambrano was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Zambrano won his sixth straight start and the Chicago Cubs beat the San Diego Padres 12 - 3 on Tuesday night . Zambrano ( 6 - 1 ) allowed three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . Alfonso Soriano hit a go-ahead , two - run homer in the fifth , and Reed Johnson added an RBI single for the Cubs , who won for the fourth time in five games . The Padres , who have lost five of their last six games , have scored three runs or fewer in 10 of their last 12 games . Soriano 's homer in the fifth off Randy Wolf ( 2 - 3 ) gave the Cubs a 3 - 2 lead . Soriano 's two - run shot off Sean Henn made it 3 - 2 . Jody Gerut put San Diego ahead 2 - 1 with a solo homer in the fifth . The Cubs added five runs in the sixth against reliever Sean Henn . Alfonso Soriano led off with a double and Ryan Theriot walked . After Derrek Lee struck out , Ramirez walked to load the bases . Henn then walked Kosuke Fukudome to force in a run , and Mark DeRosa hit a two - run single to make it 12 - 2 . Reed Johnson greeted Justin Germano with an RBI single to make it 12 - 2 . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Ryan Theriot singled with one out and scored on Lee 's double . The Padres tied it in the third on a single by Scott Hairston , a walk to Jody Gerut and an RBI single by Iguchi . The Padres tied it in the third on a single by Scott Hairston , a walk to Jody Gerut and an RBI single by Iguchi .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- The Pittsburgh Pirates are finally starting to find a way to win . Freddy Sanchez hit a three - run double to lead the Pirates to a 5 - 0 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Friday night . The Pirates won for the seventh time in nine games and moved a season-high 10 games over .500 . Sanchez 's two - out double in the fifth inning scored Jason Michaels and Brian Bixler , giving the Pirates a 3 - 0 lead . Zach Duke ( 2 - 2 ) gave up five hits and five walks in six innings , striking out three . Jair Jurrjens ( 3 - 3 ) gave up three runs and three hits in five innings , walking three and striking out five . Pirates third baseman Jose Bautista left the game in the fifth inning after being hit in the left elbow by a pitch from Jurrjens . The Pirates loaded the bases with one out in the sixth , but Jeff Bennett got Adam LaRoche to line out to third and then walked Jose Bautista to load the bases before getting Brian Bixler to ground out . Adam LaRoche hit a two - run homer off Manny Acosta in the eighth to make it 5 - 0 . Sean Burnett pitched a scoreless ninth for Pittsburgh . The Braves had runners on first and third with two outs in the second but failed to score when Duke struck out Jurrjens . The Braves had runners on first and third with two outs in the second when Duke struck out Jurrjens .
ARLINGTON , Oakland ( AP ) -- The Oakland Athletics had a lot of fun with their bats . Daric Barton hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning , Daric Barton added a two - run shot in the ninth , and the Athletics beat the Texas Rangers 12 - 6 on Wednesday night . The A 's won for only the second time in their last 10 road games . The Rangers , who had won four of their previous five games , fell to 1 - 5 on their 10-game road trip . Emil Brown hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs for the A 's , who have won four of five . Mike Sweeney also had two hits and scored twice . Daric Barton hit a two - run homer for the A 's , who had won four of their previous five games . Mark Ellis had three hits and scored twice for Texas . The A 's trailed 5 - 4 before scoring three times in the sixth against Sidney Ponson . Santiago Casilla ( 2 - 0 ) struck out one in 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Rangers starter Sidney Ponson gave up six runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out one . Rangers starter Sidney Ponson gave up six runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out one and walked five . Ponson hit Mike Sweeney with a pitch with one out in the first and gave up a double to Jack Cust . Frank Thomas followed with an RBI single and Brown followed with a three - run homer to make it 4 - 0 . The Rangers got within 4 - 1 in the bottom of the first when Josh Hamilton doubled and scored on Milton Bradley 's double . The Rangers got within 4 - 2 in the second on an RBI single by Kinsler , who had three hits . Harden walked Jarrod Saltalamacchia and Brandon Boggs with two outs in the bottom of the inning before Ian Kinsler 's RBI single made it 4 - 2 . Harden walked Brandon Boggs with two outs in the third , then walked Catalanotto to load the bases before Saltalamacchia 's two - out single .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Aubrey Huff has been on a roll . Huff hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs to lead the Baltimore Orioles to a 7 - 4 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . Huff 's homer in the fifth inning was his fourth of the season and his first since April 26 . He has six RBIs in his past four games . Huff has hit four home runs in his past four games after hitting just one in his first 30 big league games . Huff 's homer in the fifth inning off Gil Meche ( 2 - 5 ) gave the Orioles a 5 - 2 lead . The Orioles added two runs in the seventh on a wild pitch by Ron Mahay and an RBI single by Kevin Millar . Steve Trachsel ( 2 - 4 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings for the win . George Sherrill worked the ninth for his 12th save in 13 opportunities . Gil Meche ( 2 - 5 ) gave up five runs on six hits and two walks in five - plus innings . Gordon 's two - run homer in the first inning gave Baltimore a 2 - 0 lead . The Orioles tied it in the third when Freddie Bynum hit a one - out double and scored on Mora 's two - out homer . The Orioles added two runs in the seventh off reliever Ron Mahay , who was making his major league debut . Markakis scored on a wild pitch and Millar singled in a run off Ramon Ramirez . Gordon 's two - out single in the seventh off Matt Albers scored Alberto Callaspo , who had walked .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- James Shields was n't going to let the game get away . Shields pitched a one - hitter for his first career shutout and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Los Angeles Angels 2 - 0 on Wednesday night . Evan Longoria hit a two - run homer with one out in the ninth off Justin Speier ( 0 - 2 ) to give Tampa Bay a 2 - 0 lead . Shields ( 4 - 2 ) struck out eight and walked none in his fourth complete game of the season . He threw 92 pitches , 61 for strikes . The Angels ' only hit off Shields was a single by Brandon Wood in the ninth . Justin Speier ( 0 - 2 ) gave up a leadoff single to B. J. Upton in the ninth and retired Carlos Pena on a grounder to second . Longoria then drove a 1 - 1 pitch into the right-field stands for his fourth homer of the season . It was the first blown save of the season for Speier , who was making his major league debut . The Angels were shut out for the second time this season . The Rays have won four of their last five games . The Angels have been shut out in three of their last four games . Garland gave up four hits and three walks in eight shutout innings . He struck out two and walked three . The Rays have won six of their last seven games . Garland allowed four hits and three walks in eight innings , striking out two . The Rays have won four of their last five games . They 've scored three runs or fewer in 10 of their last 12 games . Garland allowed four hits , walked three and struck out two . The Rays have won six of their last seven games . They 've scored three runs or fewer in seven of their last 10 games . Garland allowed four hits and three walks in eight shutout innings . He struck out two and walked three . The Rays have won six of their last seven games . They 've scored three runs or fewer in seven of their last 10 games . Garland allowed four hits and three walks in eight shutout innings . He struck out two and walked three . The Rays have won six of their last seven games . They 've scored three runs or fewer in seven of their last 10 games . Garland allowed four hits and three walks in eight shutout innings . He struck out two and walked three . The Rays have won six of their last seven games . They 've scored three runs or fewer in seven of their last 10 games . Garland allowed four hits and three walks in eight shutout innings . He struck out two and walked three . The Rays have won six of their last seven games . They 've scored three runs or fewer in seven of their last 10 games . Garland allowed four hits and three walks in eight shutout innings . He struck out two and walked three . The Rays have won six of their last seven games . They 've scored three runs or fewer in seven of their last 10 games . Garland allowed four hits and three walks in eight shutout innings . He struck out two and walked three . The Rays have won six of their last seven games . They 've scored three runs or fewer in seven of their last 10 games . Garland allowed four hits and three walks in eight shutout innings . He struck out two and walked three . The Rays have won six of their last seven games . They 've scored three runs or fewer in seven of their last 10 games . Garland allowed four hits and three walks in eight shutout innings . He struck out two and walked three . The Rays have won six of their last seven games . They 've scored three runs or fewer in seven of their last 10 games . Garland allowed four hits and three walks in eight shutout innings . He struck out two and walked three . The Rays have won six of their last seven games . They 've scored three runs or fewer in seven of their last 10 games . Garland allowed four hits and three walks in eight shutout innings . He struck out two and walked three . The Rays have won six of their last seven games . They 've scored three runs or fewer in seven of their last 10 games . Garland allowed four hits and three walks in eight shutout innings . He struck out two and walked three . The Rays have won six of their last seven games . They 've scored three runs or fewer in seven of their last 10 games . Garland allowed four hits and three walks in eight shutout innings . He struck out two and walked three . The Rays have won six of their last seven games . They 've scored three runs or fewer in seven of their last 10 games . Garland allowed four hits and three walks in eight shutout innings . He struck out two and walked three . The Rays have won six of their last seven games . They 've scored three runs or fewer in seven of their last 10 games . Garland allowed four hits and three walks in eight shutout innings . He struck out two and walked three
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- The Texas Rangers have been waiting all season to keep their winning streak going . Vicente Padilla pitched two - hit ball for seven innings , Wladimir Balentien struck out with the bases loaded to end the seventh inning and the Rangers beat the Seattle Mariners 2 - 0 on Wednesday night . The Rangers won for the fifth time in six games . Padilla ( 5 - 2 ) gave up two hits , struck out eight and walked two . C. J. Wilson worked the ninth for his eighth save in nine chances . Erik Bedard ( 2 - 2 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Brandon Boggs tripled home Milton Bradley , who had singled . Bradley 's solo homer in the sixth was the only hit allowed by Seattle starter Erik Bedard ( 2 - 2 ) , who gave up six hits and struck out five in seven innings . The Rangers loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth , but Sean Green got Brandon Boggs to fly out to end the inning . The Rangers loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth , but Sean Green got Brandon Boggs to fly out . Padilla walked Raul Ibanez and Adrian Beltre to start the seventh . Padilla then struck out Jeff Clement and Yuniesky Betancourt before Padilla struck out Wladimir Balentien to end the inning . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Garret Anderson has been one of the most consistent hitters in the American League . Anderson had a three - run homer among his three hits and drove in five runs , leading the Los Angeles Angels to a 5 - 3 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . The Angels have won four of their last five games , including three of their last four . Anderson has been one of the most consistent hitters in the majors . Anderson drove a three - run homer off Brian Bannister ( 3 - 4 ) in the fourth inning to tie the game 3-all . It was Anderson 's third homer of the season and second in two games . Anderson singled home Vladimir Guerrero with the go-ahead run in the seventh . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth for his 14th save in 15 opportunities . Bannister ( 3 - 4 ) gave up five runs and 13 hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Miguel Olivo 's RBI double and Ross Gload 's double . Casey Kotchman led off the fourth with a single and Torii Hunter followed with a double . Anderson then drove a first-pitch fastball over the wall in left for a 3 - 3 lead . The Angels took a 4 - 3 lead in the fifth . Vladimir Guerrero walked and Casey Kotchman singled with one out , putting runners at the corners with one out . Anderson then singled to right to score Guerrero and put the Angels up 4 - 3 . Anderson added an RBI single in the seventh .
TORONTO ( AP ) -- Dustin McGowan did n't have his best stuff . Matt Stairs led off the seventh inning with a home run and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Chicago White Sox 1 - 0 on Tuesday night , snapping Chicago 's four - game winning streak . McGowan ( 2 - 2 ) allowed four hits in 7 1/3 innings , walked none and struck out six . B. J. Ryan worked the ninth for his fifth save in five chances , getting Pablo Ozuna to ground into a game-ending double play . Javier Vazquez ( 3 - 3 ) gave up one run and eight hits in 7 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out nine . The White Sox lost for the fourth time in five games . Stairs led off the seventh with a drive to center , his fourth . Shannon Stewart singled with two outs in the eighth and Scott Rolen walked before Matt Thornton came in and struck out Stairs . B. J. Ryan walked the bases loaded in the ninth but got Pablo Ozuna to ground into a game-ending double play for his fifth save in five chances . The White Sox have lost six of their past seven games . The White Sox had runners at second and third with no outs in the third , but failed to score when Orlando Cabrera grounded out and Jim Thome struck out . The White Sox had runners at second and third with no outs in the third but failed to score when Carlos Quentin flied out and Jim Thome struck out .
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- Wladimir Balentien is making the most of his opportunity . Balentien hit a three - run homer and the Seattle Mariners beat the Texas Rangers 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Balentien , who hit a three - run homer in the third inning Friday night , hit a three - run shot in the third off Kevin Millwood ( 2 - 3 ) to give Seattle a 7 - 0 lead . It was Balentien 's second homer in two games . Balentien 's homer came in the third inning . Jarrod Washburn ( 2 - 4 ) gave up three runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Kevin Millwood ( 2 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in three - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked one and struck out two . The Rangers closed to 7 - 3 in the seventh on a two - run double by Milton Bradley and an RBI groundout by Brandon Boggs . Frank Catalanotto doubled to put runners at second and third with two outs , but Sean Green got Jarrod Saltalamacchia to fly out to end the inning . The Rangers scored twice in the seventh on a single by Gerald Laird , a double by Michael Young and a two - run double by Milton Bradley . Brandon Boggs added an RBI groundout to make it 7 - 3 . The Mariners added a run in the second when Kenji Johjima singled , took second on a single by Wladimir Balentien and scored on Lopez 's single . The Mariners added a run in the second when Kenji Johjima singled , took second on a single by Wladimir Balentien and scored on Lopez 's single . Young led off the ninth with a single off Mariners reliever J. J. Putz . David Murphy doubled with one out , but Putz struck out Brandon Boggs and got Frank Catalanotto to foul out .
DENVER ( AP ) -- Aaron Cook did n't have his best stuff . Cook pitched into the eighth inning and the Colorado Rockies beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cook ( 5 - 1 ) gave up two runs and nine hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter . Chan Ho Park gave up a run in the sixth on an RBI single by Scott Podsednik , but Taylor Buchholz got the last four outs for his first save . Cook ( 5 - 1 ) gave up two runs and nine hits in 7 2/3 innings . He walked none and struck out two . Taylor Buchholz got the final four outs for his first career save . Taylor Buchholz got the last four outs for his first save . Derek Lowe ( 2 - 2 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Rockies jumped on Lowe for three runs in the first . Podsednik led off with a single and stole second . He scored on Omar Quintanilla 's double , and Matt Holliday followed with an RBI single . The Dodgers made it 5 - 1 in the fifth on Andre Ethier 's one - out homer to left , but the Rockies made it 5 - 1 in the bottom of the inning on Holliday 's RBI single and Garrett Atkins ' run-scoring single . The Rockies added a run in the sixth on Scott Podsednik 's RBI single off Chan Ho Park . Jonathan Herrera added an RBI single in the eighth off Cory Wade .
PHOENIX ( AP ) -- The New York Mets finally found a way to win . Ryan Church and David Wright each homered and drove in three runs , Jose Reyes had four hits and the Mets beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7 - 2 on Wednesday night . The Mets won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 1 on their 10-game homestand . John Maine ( 3 - 2 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings for the Mets , who scored three runs in the second off Arizona starter Micah Owings ( 4 - 1 ) . Maine ( 3 - 2 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings , striking out six and walking two . Micah Owings ( 4 - 1 ) gave up seven runs -- six earned -- on 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . The Mets jumped on Owings for three runs in the first inning . Jose Reyes led off with a triple and scored on Ryan Church 's sacrifice fly . Carlos Beltran walked and Moises Alou hit a grounder to second baseman Orlando Hudson , who threw wildly to the plate for an error , allowing Wright to score . Chris Young added an RBI single to make it 4 - 2 , but Maine struck out Eric Byrnes and got Orlando Hudson to pop out to second to end the threat . Church 's homer made it 5 - 2 in the fourth . Reyes singled and stole second with two outs in the sixth , then Wright hit a 2 - 0 pitch into the left-field seats to make it 7 - 2 . Reyes singled with one out in the sixth , stole second and scored on Wright 's second homer of the season . The Diamondbacks loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth , but Pedro Feliciano got Miguel Montero to ground out to end the threat .
MIAMI ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are starting to find a way to win . Matt Kemp singled home the go-ahead run in the ninth inning and the Dodgers beat the Florida Marlins 5 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth consecutive victory . The Dodgers , who have the worst record in the majors , won for only the second time in their past 10 games . The Marlins , who have the worst record in the majors , lost for the fourth time in their past five games . Rafael Furcal led off the ninth with a walk off Kevin Gregg ( 3 - 2 ) and advanced to second on Juan Pierre 's sacrifice bunt . Kemp singled home Furcal , who stole second and scored on Kemp 's single . Takashi Saito pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save in five chances . Cody Ross hit a tying two - run homer in the fifth for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Florida starter Burke Badenhop allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . Cody Ross hit a two - run homer for the Marlins in the fifth to tie the game at 3 . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Matt Treanor singled with one out and scored on Ramirez 's two - out double . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Matt Treanor singled with one out and scored on a two - out double by Hanley Ramirez . Pierre was hit by a pitch leading off the fourth , stole second and scored on a two - out single by Ethier .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Alex Rodriguez is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Rodriguez homered for the first time in more than a month , and the Texas Rangers beat the New York Yankees 2 - 1 Sunday for a three - game sweep . It was Rodriguez 's third home run in four games since returning from the disabled list . The Rangers won for only the second time in eight games . Scott Feldman ( 2 - 3 ) gave up one run and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . C. J. Wilson pitched a perfect ninth for his 18th save in 20 chances . Mike Mussina ( 10 - 6 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Ian Kinsler doubled with one out in the third and scored on Hamilton 's two - out single to right . The Rangers made it 2 - 0 in the fourth when David Murphy walked , moved to second on Marlon Byrd 's groundout and scored on Davis ' double . Rodriguez homered in the fourth for a 2 - 1 lead , but the Yankees did n't get another runner past second base . Feldman was lifted after Jason Giambi 's two - out triple in the sixth . Frank Francisco came in and struck out Jorge Posada to end the inning . The Yankees threatened in the sixth when Jason Giambi hit a two - out triple , but Frank Francisco struck out Jorge Posada to end the inning .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- John Lackey has been one of the few bright spots for the Los Angeles Angels . Lackey allowed three hits over 8 2/3 innings and struck out nine , leading the Los Angeles Angels to a 1 - 0 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Friday night . Lackey ( 6 - 1 ) retired the first 10 batters he faced before giving up a single to Delwyn Young and walking Russell Martin with two outs in the ninth . Francisco Rodriguez then walked Jeff Kent on a 3 - 2 pitch to load the bases before James Loney grounded out for his 32nd save in 34 attempts . Lackey threw 120 pitches , striking out nine and walking two in his longest outing of the season . Francisco Rodriguez gave up a one - out single to Delwyn Young and a two - out walk to Jeff Kent before retiring James Loney on a grounder for his 32nd save in 34 attempts . Rodriguez had not allowed a run in his previous 16 appearances . Derek Lowe ( 5 - 8 ) gave up one run and five hits in seven innings , struck out seven and walked two . The Dodgers have lost five of their last six games . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Mike Napoli 's RBI single that scored Juan Rivera , who singled with two outs . The Angels , who have won six of their last eight games , took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Napoli . The Angels , who have won six of their last eight games , took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Napoli . Los Angeles had just three hits . The Angels opened the scoring in the second when Juan Rivera singled with two outs and Gary Matthews Jr. walked before Mike Napoli 's RBI single made it 1 - 0 . The Dodgers were shut out for the fifth time this season and have scored one run or fewer in six of their last eight games . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Mike Napoli 's RBI single . Los Angeles had just three hits . The Dodgers were shut out for the fifth time this season and second time in three games . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Mike Napoli 's RBI single that scored Juan Rivera , who singled with two outs . The Dodgers were shut out for the fifth time this season and have scored one run or fewer in six of their last eight games . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Mike Napoli 's RBI single that scored Juan Rivera , who singled with two outs . The Dodgers were shut out for the fifth time this season and have scored one run or fewer in six of their last eight games . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Mike Napoli 's RBI single that scored Juan Rivera , who singled with two outs . The Dodgers were shut out for the fifth time this season and have scored one run or fewer in six of their last eight games . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Mike Napoli 's RBI single that scored Juan Rivera , who singled with two outs . The Dodgers were shut out for the fifth time this season and have scored one run or fewer in six of their last eight games . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Mike Napoli 's RBI single that scored Juan Rivera , who singled with two outs . The Dodgers were shut out for the fifth time this season and have scored one run or fewer in six of their last eight games . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Mike Napoli 's RBI single that scored Juan Rivera , who singled with two outs . The Dodgers were shut out for the fifth time this season and have scored one run or fewer in six of their last eight games . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Mike Napoli 's RBI single that scored Juan Rivera , who singled with two outs . The Dodgers were shut out for the fifth time this season and have scored one run or fewer in six of their last eight games . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Mike Napoli 's RBI single that scored Juan Rivera , who singled with two outs . The Dodgers were shut out for the fifth time this season and have scored one run or fewer in six of their last eight games . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Mike Napoli 's RBI single that scored Juan Rivera , who singled with two outs . The Dodgers were shut out for the fifth time this season and have scored one run or fewer in six of their last eight games . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Mike Napoli 's RBI single that scored Juan Rivera , who singled with two outs . The Dodgers were shut out for the fifth time this season and have scored one run or fewer in six of their last eight games . The Angels opened the scoring
PITTSBURGH -- The Pittsburgh Pirates have been waiting for Jason Bay to come through in extra innings . Bay homered with two outs in the 13th inning to lift the Pirates to a 4 - 3 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Friday night . The Pirates have won four of their past five games , including three of their last four games . Bay , who had been hit in the helmet by a pitch from Jason Hammel ( 3 - 3 ) , hit a 2 - 2 pitch from Jason Hammel ( 3 - 3 ) over the wall in left for his 12th home run of the season and the Pirates ' first game-ending hit of the season . It was Bay 's second walk-off homer of the season . John Van Benschoten ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a perfect 13th to earn the win . The Rays have lost four of five . John Van Benschoten ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a perfect 13th to earn the win . The Pirates took a 3 - 2 lead in the seventh when Adam LaRoche drew a leadoff walk and moved to second on Jose Bautista 's sacrifice bunt . After Jack Wilson flied out , Mientkiewicz pinch hit for Nate McLouth and lined a double down the right-field line to put Pittsburgh ahead 3 - 2 . The Rays had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth but failed to score when Damaso Marte struck out Gabe Gross . Pirates starter Ty Taubenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenhenh
PITTSBURGH -- Tampa Bay Rays manager Joe Maddon was n't worried about his team 's 10 - 5 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Friday night . Evan Longoria had four hits , including a home run , and drove in three runs , Evan Longoria had four hits , including a three - run homer , and the Rays won for the seventh time in eight games . The Rays , who had 15 hits , scored their most runs in a game this season . Scott Kazmir ( 7 - 3 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and five hits in five - plus innings , walking two and striking out four . Hinske 's three - run homer in the third off Jimmy Barthmaier ( 0 - 1 ) gave Tampa Bay a 6 - 0 lead . Jimmy Barthmaier ( 0 - 1 ) was tagged for seven runs and seven hits in 2 1/3 innings in his first start of the season . Longoria 's homer came after Carl Crawford singled and Eric Hinske drew a two - out walk in the first . Hinske 's three - run homer keyed a four - run third that made it 7 - 0 . The Pirates scored three runs in the fourth on a solo homer by Freddy Sanchez and a two - run single by Chris Gomez . Jason Michaels singled and Jose Bautista walked to start the sixth , but Chris Gomez grounded into a double play and pinch-hitter Xavier Nady walked before Nate McLouth grounded out to end the inning . The Pirates cut it to 8 - 5 in the sixth when Jason Michaels singled and Jose Bautista walked , but Chris Gomez grounded into a double play and pinch-hitter Gabe Gross grounded out to end the inning . The Rays added two runs in the seventh against John Grabow . Pena hit a sacrifice fly and Bartlett added an RBI single .
BOSTON ( AP ) -- Tim Wakefield was n't sure what to expect when he was on the mound . Wakefield allowed two hits in seven shutout innings to lead the Boston Red Sox to a 5 - 0 win over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday night . Wakefield ( 5 - 5 ) struck out six and walked one , lowering his ERA to 3.88 . He has allowed two runs or fewer in six of his last seven starts . Kevin Cash hit a three - run homer off Juan Cruz in the eighth , and Brandon Moss drove in two runs for the Red Sox , who have won six of their last seven games . The Diamondbacks loaded the bases with two outs against Craig Hansen in the ninth , but Jonathan Papelbon struck out Chad Tracy for his 23rd save . Randy Johnson ( 4 - 6 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in six innings , striking out five and walking two . The Diamondbacks have lost three straight and six of seven . The Red Sox scored a pair of runs in the sixth on a sacrifice fly by Brandon Moss . Mike Lowell led off the bottom of the eighth with a walk and Coco Crisp followed with a double off Juan Cruz . Cash brought in Doug Slaten , who gave up a three - run homer to Cash . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Mike Lowell singled , took third on Coco Crisp 's double and scored on Brandon Moss ' groundout . The Red Sox went ahead 1 - 0 in the second when Mike Lowell led off with a single and took third on Coco Crisp 's double . Lowell scored on Brandon Moss ' groundout . The Red Sox loaded the bases with one out in the fifth , but Youkilis grounded into a double play .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Jose Reyes has been hitting the ball hard all season . Reyes hit a three - run homer and the New York Mets beat the Seattle Mariners 8 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Reyes hit a three - run shot in the third inning and Jose Reyes added a three - run shot in the third to back John Maine ( 8 - 5 ) , who won for the first time in five starts . Reyes ' homer was his second in two days . Maine ( 8 - 5 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked two . Miguel Batista ( 3 - 10 ) gave up eight runs -- four earned -- and five hits in 2 2/3 innings . He walked five and struck out three . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Jose Reyes drew a leadoff walk , stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch . He scored on Luis Castillo 's groundout and Wright hit a solo shot to left . Wright hit a two - run shot in the second for a 4 - 0 lead . The Mets made it 8 - 0 in the third . Carlos Delgado was hit by a pitch to start the inning and Fernando Tatis reached on third baseman Adrian Beltre 's throwing error . Delgado scored on Marlon Anderson 's sacrifice fly . Miguel Cairo singled to load the bases and Ichiro Suzuki hit a sacrifice fly to make it 8 - 2 . But Jose Lopez fouled out to second baseman Jose Lopez to end the inning . The Mariners closed to 8 - 2 in the fifth on RBI singles by Willie Bloomquist and Miguel Cairo and a sacrifice fly by Ichiro Suzuki . Aaron Heilman walked Ichiro Suzuki with two outs in the seventh and Jose Lopez followed with a single before Ibanez grounded out .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- Eric Stults was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Stults pitched a four - hitter for his first career complete game and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Chicago White Sox 5 - 0 on Wednesday night . Stults ( 2 - 0 ) struck out three and walked one in his second start of the season . He threw a season-high 116 pitches , 81 for strikes . The only hits against Stults were a leadoff single by Carlos Quentin in the ninth inning . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first against Gavin Floyd ( 8 - 4 ) . Juan Pierre led off with a single , stole second and scored on Andre Ethier 's single . The Dodgers extended their lead to 5 - 0 in the fourth on Blake DeWitt 's two - run double and Stults ' sacrifice fly . Gavin Floyd ( 8 - 4 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out two and walked two . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Juan Pierre led off with a single , stole second and continued to third on a throwing error by right fielder Jermaine Dye . Pierre scored on Andre Ethier 's single , and Martin drove in Ethier with a single through the left side of the infield . The White Sox have scored two runs or fewer in nine of their last 12 games . The Dodgers extended their lead to 5 - 0 in the fourth on a two - run double by DeWitt and a sacrifice fly by Stults . The Dodgers loaded the bases with one out in the sixth on a double by Kemp , an intentional walk to Blake DeWitt and an error by third baseman Pablo Ozuna on Angel Berroa 's grounder that loaded the bases . Matt Thornton relieved Floyd and got Juan Pierre to ground into a fielder 's choice .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Jim Edmonds was n't sure if he 'd ever hit a home run . Edmonds hit a three - run homer and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Chicago Cubs 7 - 5 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight victory . The Orioles have won six of their last seven games . Jeremy Guthrie ( 4 - 7 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . Jim Johnson gave up a three - run homer to Jim Edmonds in the seventh , but got the last four outs for his 26th save in 28 chances . Edmonds , who had been in a 2 - for - 43 slump , hit his first homer since May 29 . Guthrie ( 4 - 7 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked one . George Sherrill got the final four outs for his 26th save in 28 chances . Sean Marshall ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Alex Cintron 's RBI double in the sixth off Michael Wuertz made it 5 - 1 , and Nick Markakis added an RBI single off Neal Cotts to make it 7 - 1 . The Cubs cut it to 7 - 4 in the seventh on a single by Derrek Lee , a single by Aramis Ramirez and a three - run homer by Edmonds . After pinch-hitter Daryle Ward drew a leadoff walk in the eighth , Eric Patterson singled off Jim Johnson to put runners on first and second with one out . Chad Bradford came in and got Derrek Lee to ground into a fielder 's choice . Ramirez followed with an RBI single to make it 7 - 5 , but Sherrill got Matt Murton to fly out to end the inning . The Orioles took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Kevin Millar walked with one out and Ramon Hernandez hit a one - out single before Scott lined a two - run triple into the right-field corner . Fukudome led off the fourth with a homer to left , his second of the season . Patterson walked and Derrek Lee hit into a fielder 's choice .
HOUSTON ( AP ) -- The Houston Astros have n't had a winning record since the All-Star break . Ramon Vazquez hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning and Jose Valverde got four outs for his 19th save in 21 chances , giving the Astros a 4 - 3 victory over the Texas Rangers on Wednesday night . The Astros have won four of their last five games and have the best record in the American League . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . Valverde gave up a two - run homer to Ramon Vazquez in the ninth before striking out pinch-hitter Chris Shelton and Ian Kinsler to end the game . Brian Moehler ( 4 - 3 ) allowed five hits and one run in 6 1/3 innings for the win . Eric Hurley ( 0 - 1 ) allowed six hits and two runs in six innings for the loss . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Ian Kinsler led off with a double and scored on Michael Young 's single . Berkman led off the Houston second with a double and scored on Wigginton 's two - out single . Quintero followed with a double to left to score Wigginton and put Houston up 2 - 1 . The Rangers loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth on a single by Eric Hurley , a single by Frank Catalanotto and a walk to Michael Young . Brandon Boggs flied out to center to end the inning . The Rangers loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth on a single by Eric Hurley , a single by Frank Catalanotto and a walk to Michael Young . Josh Rupe came in and got Humberto Quintero to line into a double play to end the inning . Josh Rupe got Humberto Quintero to line into a double play to end the inning . Berkman hit a two - run homer off Joaquin Benoit in the eighth to make it 4 - 1 . Carlos Lee doubled and Ty Wigginton walked to load the bases before Josh Rupe got Humberto Quintero to line into a double play .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- Evan Longoria is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Longoria homered for the first time in more than a month and the Houston Astros beat the Tampa Bay Rays 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Lee 's homer came after Miguel Tejada drew a one - out walk in the sixth and Lee drove a 2 - 2 pitch from Scott Kazmir ( 6 - 3 ) over the wall in center for his 12th homer . Longoria has been one of the most consistent hitters in the majors , hitting .249 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last 10 games . Lee 's homer came after Miguel Tejada drew a one - out walk in the sixth and Lee drove a 2 - 2 pitch into the left-field seats . Backe ( 5 - 8 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out five . Jose Valverde pitched the ninth for his 18th save in 23 opportunities . Scott Kazmir ( 6 - 3 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Backe walked Eric Hinske to start the second and Longoria followed with his 16th homer . Pence led off the fifth with a homer to left , his fourth of the season and first since June 26 . The Rays threatened in the seventh , putting runners on second and third with two outs , but Wesley Wright struck out Carl Crawford to end the threat . The Rays threatened in the seventh , loading the bases with two outs on a walk to Jason Bartlett and a double steal before Wright struck out Carl Crawford .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Aramis Ramirez has been on a roll . Ramirez homered and drove in four runs , and the Chicago Cubs beat the Chicago White Sox 11 - 7 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Ramirez , who had a two - run homer in the fourth , added a two - run shot off Boone Logan in a seven - run fourth that made it 10 - 4 . Jason Marquis ( 6 - 3 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . Kerry Wood got pinch-hitter Jim Thome to ground into a game-ending double play for his 19th save in 23 chances . Jose Contreras ( 6 - 6 ) gave up nine runs and 10 hits in 3 1/3 innings . Jermaine Dye hit a two - run homer in the first for Chicago , which has lost four of five . The Cubs got a run back in the bottom of the first when Patterson doubled and scored on Aramis Ramirez 's single . Wise 's two - run homer made it 4 - 1 in the fourth . The White Sox made it 4 - 1 in the fourth . Nick Swisher singled with one out and scored on Wise 's two - out homer to left . It was his fourth of the season and second in two days . Wise 's two - run homer made it 4 - 1 in the fourth .
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) -- The San Diego Padres have been waiting all season long . Scott Hairston hit a two - run single in San Diego 's four - run eighth inning , and the Padres beat the Detroit Tigers 6 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Padres , who have the worst record in the majors , have won four of five . Maddux allowed one run and five hits in seven innings , struck out four and walked one . Heath Bell ( 5 - 3 ) got the win despite giving up a tying homer to Placido Polanco with two outs in the eighth . Fernando Rodney ( 0 - 1 ) walked Jody Gerut to lead off the eighth and walked Edgar Gonzalez . Casey Fossum , who was making his major league debut , walked pinch hitter Paul Giles to load the bases . Adrian Gonzalez followed with a single to right , scoring Jody Gerut to make it 4 - 2 . Chase Headley singled to load the bases and Scott Hairston hit a two - run single off Joel Zumaya to make it 6 - 2 . Heath Bell ( 5 - 3 ) got the win despite allowing Placido Polanco 's tying homer in the eighth . Maddux allowed one run and five hits in seven innings , struck out four and walked one . Granderson led off the game with a homer to left on a 1 - 1 pitch from Padres starter Greg Maddux , who allowed one run and five hits in seven innings , struck out four and walked one . Chase Headley hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Greene 's homer in the seventh was his fourth . Bonine allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings , struck out three and walked two .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- Dave Jays manager Ron Roenicke has been impressed with his young pitcher . Bush took a no-hitter into the eighth inning , Lyle Overbay hit a pinch-hit grand slam and the Milwaukee Brewers held on to beat the Toronto Blue Jays 8 - 7 on Wednesday night . Bush ( 3 - 7 ) gave up one run and two hits in eight innings . He walked one and struck out two . Lyle Overbay hit a two - run homer off Tim Dillard in the ninth for Toronto , but pinch-hitter Rod Barajas singled to put runners at second and third before Salomon Torres came on to strike out Matt Stairs for his 10th save in 12 chances . Torres got the final out for his 10th save in 12 chances . A. J. Burnett ( 6 - 7 ) gave up eight runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out five . The Brewers grabbed a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Ryan Braun singled with two outs and Prince Fielder followed with a single . Hart followed with a two - run double to make it 2 - 0 . J. J. Hardy 's RBI double made it 3 - 0 in the second . The Brewers increased their lead to 6 - 0 in the third . Prince Fielder walked and Corey Hart walked before Branyan drove a 3 - 2 pitch from Burnett over the wall in right for his 12th homer of the season . Fielder led off the fifth with his 19th home run , and Jason Kendall added an RBI double to make it 8 - 0 . Fielder led off the fifth with his 19th home run , and Jason Kendall added an RBI double to make it 8 - 0 . The Blue Jays added a run in the eighth on a triple by Lyle Overbay and an RBI single by Rios .
PHOENIX ( AP ) -- Justin Upton was n't sure if he 'd ever hit a home run . Upton hit his first home run of the season and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the Oakland Athletics 2 - 1 on Wednesday night . Upton led off the bottom of the eighth with a drive to right off Keith Foulke ( 0 - 2 ) for his first home run of the season and the Diamondbacks ' first home run of the season . It was Upton 's second homer in two games . Upton hit a 3 - 2 pitch from Keith Foulke ( 0 - 2 ) into the pool area in right-center to give Arizona a 2 - 1 lead . Brandon Lyon pitched a perfect ninth for his 15th save in 17 tries . The Diamondbacks have won six of their last seven games , including three in a row against the A 's . The A 's tied it in the sixth on Jack Cust 's RBI single . Oakland starter Greg Smith allowed one run and three hits in five innings , striking out four and walking three . Greg Smith gave up one run and three hits in five innings , striking out four and walking three . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Justin Upton led off with a double and scored on Chris Young 's sacrifice fly . The A 's tied it in the sixth on Cust 's RBI single .
DENVER ( AP ) -- The Colorado Rockies have found a way to win . Jeff Francis pitched six strong innings , Jamey Carroll hit a tiebreaking RBI double in the seventh and the Rockies beat the Cleveland Indians 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Rockies won for the 10th time in 12 games and moved within one game of first-place Arizona in the NL West . Francis ( 3 - 6 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and five hits . He struck out two and did n't walk a batter . Brian Fuentes pitched the ninth for his 12th save in 13 chances . Aaron Laffey ( 4 - 4 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out one . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Jeff Baker doubled with one out and scored on Omar Quintanilla 's double . Baker led off the fourth with his fourth homer of the season to make it 2 - 0 . The Indians got a run back in the sixth when Grady Sizemore was hit by a pitch with one out and Jamey Carroll followed with an RBI double . Carroll advanced to third on Ben Francisco 's flyout and scored on Omar Quintanilla 's single to center . The Indians got a run back in the seventh on a single by Casey Blake , a walk to Kelly Shoppach and a sacrifice fly by pinch-hitter Shin-Soo Choo . The Rockies added a run in the seventh when Willy Taveras led off with a single off Rafael Betancourt . Taveras stole second and went to third on catcher Kelly Shoppach 's throwing error . Taveras scored on Ryan Spilborghs ' sacrifice fly to make it 4 - 2 .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- The Tampa Bay Rays are making a push for a playoff spot . The Chicago Cubs have been one of baseball 's best pitchers this season . Mark DeRosa scored on catcher Dioner Navarro 's passed ball in the ninth inning and the Rays beat the Cubs 3 - 2 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep of the NL Central-leading Cubs . The Rays won for the 10th time in 12 games and improved to a season-high 10 games over .500 for the first time this season . Troy Percival worked the ninth for his 16th save in 18 opportunities . He gave up an unearned run on a passed ball and a wild pitch before retiring Reed Johnson on a grounder with the bases loaded to end the game . The Cubs have lost five of their last six games . Longoria 's homer off Neal Cotts ( 0 - 1 ) gave the Rays a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth . Akinori Iwamura opened the bottom of the seventh with a single off Cotts ( 0 - 1 ) and advanced to third on a throwing error by catcher Dioner Navarro . Kazmir struck out Ronny Cedeno but gave up a single to Reed Johnson and an RBI single to Ryan Theriot to make it 1 - 1 . Kazmir walked Derrek Lee to load the bases before striking out Aramis Ramirez to end the inning . Floyd gave the Rays a 1 - 0 lead in the second when he drove a 1 - 2 pitch from Ryan Dempster over the wall in left-center for his eighth homer . The Cubs tied it at 1 in the fifth on Ryan Theriot 's RBI single , but the Cubs could n't get anything going against Kazmir . Longoria led off the bottom of the sixth with a homer off Neal Cotts ( 0 - 1 ) , making it 2 - 1 .
ARLINGTON , Texas ( AP ) -- Vicente Padilla is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Brian McCann hit a three - run homer in the eighth inning , Brian McCann had a three - run shot in the eighth and the Texas Rangers beat the Atlanta Braves 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Padilla ( 9 - 3 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and two hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Braves scored twice in the sixth to make it 6 - 2 . Omar Infante led off the inning with a homer and Mark Teixeira added a sacrifice fly to make it 6 - 2 . Brian McCann had a three - run homer in the eighth for the Braves , who have lost four of five . C. J. Wilson worked the ninth for his 14th save in 15 chances . Tim Hudson ( 7 - 5 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Hamilton 's homer in the first was the only hit allowed by Hudson , who gave up six hits and six runs in 4 1/3 innings . Gerald Laird and Ramon Vazquez led off the Rangers ' three - run third with singles , and Ian Kinsler walked to load the bases before Michael Young drove in a run with a fielder 's choice . Ian Kinsler led off the fifth with a double and scored on a wild pitch by Jeff Ridgway to make it 6 - 0 . Omar Infante hit a leadoff homer in the sixth for Atlanta , and Gregor Blanco scored on Mark Teixeira 's sacrifice fly to make it 6 - 2 . Byrd homered off Jeff Ridgway in the sixth to make it 7 - 2 .
DENVER ( AP ) -- Jair Jurrjens is making a strong case to stay in the rotation . Jurrjens pitched 7 2/3 scoreless innings for his first win in more than a month , and the Atlanta Braves beat the Colorado Rockies 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Jurrjens ( 6 - 3 ) allowed eight hits , struck out seven and walked two to win for the first time in four starts . He was lifted after giving up a two - out single to Brian McCann and a single to Jeff Francoeur in the ninth . Jurrjens said he was n't sure if he 'd be able to pitch at least seven innings . The Rockies scored a run in the ninth off Braves reliever Jeff Bennett . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 1 - 7 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked five . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the fifth on a walk to Gregor Blanco , a single by Yunel Escobar and a walk to Kelly Johnson . Jones hit a two - run single to right , and Johnson scored on Mark Teixeira 's fielder 's choice to make it 3 - 0 . Francoeur added a two - out , two - run double in the seventh off Matt Herges to make it 5 - 0 . Francoeur hit a two - out , two - run double off Matt Herges in the seventh to make it 5 - 0 . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the first but failed to score . Jimenez struck out Mark Teixeira and got Brian McCann to ground into a double play to end the threat . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the first , but Jimenez struck out Mark Teixeira and got Brian McCann to ground into a double play . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the fifth on a walk to Gregor Blanco , a single by Yunel Escobar and a walk to Johnson . Jones hit a two - run single and Johnson scored on Mark Teixeira 's fielder 's choice to make it 3 - 0 .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- Mike Cameron is starting to feel comfortable at the plate . Cameron homered for the second straight game and drove in two runs to lead the Milwaukee Brewers to a 4 - 2 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Friday night . Cameron , who entered the game as a pinch hitter in the sixth , hit a two - run homer off Scott Baker ( 2 - 2 ) to give Milwaukee a 3 - 2 lead . It was Cameron 's second homer in as many days and his second in as many days . Cameron , who has been in a season-long slump , is hitting .225 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last six games . Seth McClung ( 4 - 3 ) gave up two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Salomon Torres pitched the ninth for his eighth save in nine chances . Scott Baker ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked two . The Brewers grabbed a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Braun reached on a fielder 's choice , Prince Fielder singled and Branyan singled him home . Kubel tied it in the fifth with his fourth homer of the season , a two - out shot to left that tied it at 1 . The Twins took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth . Brendan Harris led off with a single , moved to second on Scott Baker 's sacrifice and took third on a single by Carlos Gomez . Alexi Casilla 's sacrifice fly scored Harris to give the Twins a 2 - 1 lead . The Brewers regained the lead in the sixth . Russell Branyan drew a leadoff walk and scored on Jason Kendall 's single to make it 4 - 2 . Craig Breslow came on and struck out pinch hitter Corey Hart , then walked Bill Hall to load the bases . Dennys Reyes struck out pinch hitter Corey Hart to end the inning .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- The Pittsburgh Pirates finally found a way to win . Adam LaRoche singled in the tiebreaking run in the 10th inning , and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Baltimore Orioles 5 - 4 on Wednesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Pirates have won four of their last five games . Brian Roberts hit a two - run homer off Matt Capps ( 1 - 2 ) in the ninth for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . George Sherrill ( 2 - 2 ) gave up a run and only one hit in one - third of an inning for the loss . Jason Bay drew a leadoff walk in the 10th and went to third on Ryan Doumit 's single . After Jason Michaels struck out , LaRoche singled to right . Matt Capps ( 1 - 2 ) gave up two runs , two earned , in two innings . Brian Roberts hit a two - run homer for the Orioles in the ninth off Matt Capps ( 1 - 2 ) to tie it at 4 . It was the first home run allowed by Capps this season . It was the first time this season the Orioles have been held to three runs or fewer . McLouth hit a solo shot in the third , and Jason Michaels added a two - run single in the third to make it 3 - 0 . Quiroz led off the fifth with his first home run of the season and second in two games . Huff made it 4 - 2 in the sixth with a drive to center that traveled an estimated 434 feet . Cabrera gave up four runs and six hits in six innings .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Kyle Lohse has been one of the best pitchers in the National League . The St. Louis right-hander pitched eight strong innings and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Philadelphia Phillies 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Lohse ( 8 - 2 ) gave up two runs and four hits . He struck out three and walked two . Pat Burrell hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Ryan Franklin worked a perfect ninth for his ninth save in 12 chances . Adam Eaton ( 2 - 4 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked one . The Phillies have lost four of five . Kennedy gave the Cardinals a 2 - 0 lead with a two - run homer in the first off Eaton ( 2 - 4 ) , who gave up three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked one . Ludwick 's RBI single made it 3 - 0 in the third . Skip Schumaker had two hits and scored twice for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Burrell 's two - run homer in the fourth was the only extra-base hit allowed by Lohse , who gave up four hits and two walks in eight innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Phillies , who have lost four of five , fell to 1 - 5 on their nine - game road trip . The Cardinals have won four of their last five overall and are a season-best seven games above .500 . They have won six of their last seven overall . The Cardinals have won six of their last seven overall and are a season-best seven games above .500 .
PHOENIX ( AP ) -- The Kansas City Royals are going to have to be patient at the plate . Juan Cruz struck out two in a perfect ninth inning , Juan Cruz struck out two in a perfect inning and the Royals beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 12 - 3 on Wednesday night . The Royals won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 0 at Chase Field this season . Hochevar ( 4 - 5 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and 10 hits in seven innings , striking out six and walking none . Randy Johnson ( 4 - 4 ) gave up eight runs , seven earned , and 10 hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . The Royals scored four runs in the third inning , capped by Buck 's three - run homer . Jose Guillen added a two - run double and Jose Guillen drove in two runs for the Royals , who won for the fourth time in five games . Kansas City added two runs in the fifth on Jose Guillen 's RBI fielder 's choice and Buck 's three - run homer off Billy Buckner . DeJesus and Aviles hit back-to-back homers off Billy Buckner in the sixth to give Kansas City a 10 - 2 lead . The Royals scored their first run in the first when Mike Aviles doubled and scored on Jose Guillen 's single . The Diamondbacks tied it in the bottom of the inning . Mark Reynolds singled with two outs and scored on Miguel Montero 's double down the right-field line . The Royals responded with three runs in the third . David DeJesus led off with a single and scored on Aviles ' double . Aviles scored on Alex Gordon 's groundout . Aviles scored on Alex Gordon 's groundout , and Guillen scored when third baseman Mark Reynolds misplayed Mark Grudzielanek 's grounder for an error . The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the third . Drew reached on an error by shortstop Stephen Drew , Orlando Hudson singled and Jackson singled in Drew . The Royals made it 8 - 2 in the fifth on Guillen 's fielder 's choice and Buck 's three - run homer off Billy Buckner .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Ryan Howard had a big night at the plate . Howard homered from both sides of the plate and drove in five runs to lead the Philadelphia Phillies to a 20 - 2 rout of the St. Louis Cardinals on Friday night . Howard has been one of the few bright spots for the NL East leaders , going 3 - for - 5 with a pair of doubles and a homer . He also doubled and scored twice . Carlos Ruiz had three hits and four RBIs for the Phillies , including a two - run double in a seven - run fourth that made it 13 - 1 . Kyle Kendrick ( 6 - 2 ) gave up two runs , one earned , in seven innings . Todd Wellemeyer ( 7 - 2 ) gave up eight runs and eight hits in 3 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . Utley and Burrell hit consecutive homers in the first off Wellemeyer ( 7 - 2 ) , who gave up eight runs and eight hits in 3 1/3 innings . Carlos Ruiz had four hits and four RBIs for the Phillies , including a two - run double in the second that made it 4 - 0 . Skip Schumaker hit a solo homer in the third for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . The Phillies batted around in a six - run fourth , highlighted by Utley 's two - run single and Howard 's RBI single . Ryan Ludwick reached on an error to start the bottom of the sixth and scored on Troy Glaus ' single to make it 17 - 2 . Yadier Molina 's single loaded the bases with one out , but Brendan Ryan fouled out and Mark Worrell lined out to end the inning . Jenkins ' two - run double in the eighth off Russ Springer made it 20 - 2 . Pinch hitter Greg Dobbs flied out to end the inning .
TORONTO ( AP ) -- A. J. Burnett was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Burnett won for the first time in three starts , and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Chicago Cubs 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Burnett ( 6 - 6 ) allowed two runs and four hits in five innings , walked four and struck out seven . Matt Stairs and Scott Rolen hit back-to-back homers in the third , the first time the Blue Jays have hit back-to-back home runs this season . Toronto cut it to 3 - 2 in the sixth when Kosuke Fukudome singled , Geovany Soto walked and Jim Edmonds singled to load the bases before Brian Wolfe came on and struck out Mark DeRosa . Eric Patterson followed with an RBI single to right , but Ryan Theriot grounded into a double play . B. J. Ryan worked the ninth for his 14th save in 15 chances . Sean Gallagher ( 3 - 3 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out five . The Cubs lost for the fifth time in six games . Stairs and Rolen hit two - run homers in the third off Gallagher , who allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out five . The Cubs cut it to 3 - 1 in the fourth when Kosuke Fukudome singled and scored on Jim Edmonds ' two - out double , but Burnett struck out Mark DeRosa to end the inning . The Cubs cut it to 3 - 2 in the sixth . Kosuke Fukudome led off with a single , Geovany Soto walked and Jim Edmonds singled to load the bases before Brian Wolfe came on and gave up an RBI single to Eric Patterson . Ryan Theriot grounded into a double play to end the inning . The Blue Jays cut it to 3 - 2 in the sixth when Rod Barajas led off with a single and moved to second on Brad Wilkerson 's sacrifice bunt . Neal Cotts came on and got pinch hitter Marco Scutaro to ground out , then gave up an RBI single to Eric Patterson . Michael Wuertz came on and got pinch hitter Marco Scutaro to ground into a double play . Barajas led off the sixth with a single and moved to second on Brad Wilkerson 's sacrifice bunt . Neal Cotts came on and got pinch-hitter Marco Scutaro to ground out , then gave up a single to David Eckstein . Michael Wuertz came on and got pinch hitter Marco Scutaro to ground into a double play . Michael Wuertz came on and got pinch-hitter Marco Scutaro to ground into a double play .
CINCINNATI -- Aaron Harang had a lot to do with it . The right-hander pitched seven solid innings , and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Boston Red Sox 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Harang ( 3 - 9 ) gave up four hits , struck out seven and did n't walk a batter . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth for his 13th save in 15 chances . Justin Masterson ( 3 - 1 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out nine and walked three . The Red Sox have lost five of their last six games . Masterson has been one of the few bright spots for the rotation . He has given up three runs or less in each of his last four starts . Bruce led off the first inning with his sixth homer of the season , a drive into the left-field seats on a 1 - 2 pitch . The Red Sox tied it in the fourth . Jacoby Ellsbury led off with a double and scored on Manny Ramirez 's two - out single . Ramirez was thrown out at the plate trying to score on Harang 's grounder to third baseman Sean Casey , who threw to first to end the inning . The Reds made it 3 - 1 in the fourth on a solo homer by Dunn and an RBI double by Votto . The Reds made it 3 - 1 in the fourth on Dunn 's homer and Joey Votto 's RBI double . Sean Casey singled with two outs in the seventh , but Harang struck out Lugo .
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) -- Randy Wolf did n't have his best stuff . Wolf struck out nine in seven strong innings and the San Diego Padres beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Wolf ( 5 - 4 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings , struck out nine and walked one . Trevor Hoffman pitched the ninth for his 15th save in 18 chances . Chad Billingsley ( 4 - 7 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in seven innings , struck out three and walked one . The Dodgers have lost four straight and six of seven . Khalil Greene led off the seventh with a double to left and moved to third on Michael Barrett 's sacrifice bunt . Pinch-hitter Tony Clark walked to load the bases , and Gerut singled to center to bring in Greene . Edgar Gonzalez gave the Padres a 1 - 0 lead in the first with his ninth homer , a one - out shot to left . Greene 's two - out homer in the second inning was his fourth of the season and second in two games . The Padres made it 3 - 0 in the third when Wolf singled , took second on a single by Edgar Gonzalez and scored on Gonzalez 's single . Andy LaRoche hit a solo homer with two outs in the fourth for the Dodgers ' only run . The Padres added a run in the seventh on Jody Gerut 's RBI single .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- The Pittsburgh Pirates are finally starting to find a way to win . Ryan Doumit homered among his three hits , Xavier Nady singled home the go-ahead run in the seventh inning and the Pirates beat the Washington Nationals 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . The Pirates won for the seventh time in nine games and improved to 5 - 1 on their nine - game road trip . Snell ( 3 - 6 ) gave up one run and six hits in six innings , walking three and striking out six . Matt Capps worked the ninth for his 16th save in 18 opportunities . John Lannan ( 4 - 7 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings , striking out three and walking none . The Nationals scored in the seventh on a double by Felipe Lopez , a walk to Willie Harris and a two - out RBI single by Dukes . The Pirates added a run in the seventh on Xavier Nady 's RBI single off Joel Hanrahan . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Nate McLouth led off with a double , Freddy Sanchez singled and Jason Bay hit an RBI double . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Nate McLouth led off with a double , Freddy Sanchez singled and Jason Bay hit an RBI double . The Pirates had runners on second and third with one out in the second , but Freddy Sanchez grounded into a double play to end the threat . Doumit made it 2 - 0 in the fifth with his fourth home run of the season , a two - out shot to left .
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are starting to find a way to win . Russell Martin drove in three runs , Russell Martin had three hits and three RBIs , and the Dodgers beat the San Diego Padres 7 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Dodgers won for the fourth time in five games . Russell Martin had three RBIs for the Dodgers , including a two - run single in the seventh that gave the Dodgers a 5 - 2 lead . Andre Ethier doubled to lead off the ninth against Joe Thatcher and scored on a single by Jeff Kent . Justin Hampson ( 0 - 1 ) came on and gave up a single to James Loney and a walk to Andre Ethier . Cla Meredith came on and got Jeff Kent to ground into a fielder 's choice , but Martin lined a 1 - 2 pitch to right for a two - run single . Scott Proctor ( 1 - 0 ) came on to strike out Tony Clark and retired Scott Hairston on a popup to end the inning . The Padres took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth . Kevin Kouzmanoff drew a leadoff walk and went to second on Khalil Greene 's single . Kouzmanoff scored on a wild pitch by Dodgers starter Clayton Kershaw . Maddux allowed one run and six hits in six innings , struck out one and walked three . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Juan Pierre singled , stole second and scored on Martin 's single . The Padres tied it in the bottom of the inning when Edgar Gonzalez walked , took second on a wild pitch and scored on Gonzalez 's single . The Padres tied it in the bottom of the inning when Edgar Gonzalez drew a one - out walk , advanced to second on a wild pitch and scored on Gonzalez 's single .
DETROIT ( AP ) -- Edgar Renteria has been hitting the ball all season . Renteria hit a grand slam in Detroit 's eight - run eighth inning , and the Tigers beat the Cleveland Indians 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Renteria hit a two - out , two - run homer in the eighth off Masa Kobayashi ( 3 - 3 ) to give Detroit a 3 - 2 lead . It was his third homer of the season and second in two days . It was Renteria 's second homer of the season and the second grand slam of his career . Thames led off the eighth with a homer off Masa Kobayashi ( 3 - 3 ) . Magglio Ordonez followed with a double and scored on Miguel Cabrera 's single . Kobayashi ( 3 - 3 ) came on and gave up a single to Carlos Guillen before walking Brandon Inge intentionally to load the bases . Kobayashi ( 3 - 3 ) came on and struck out Ryan Raburn before Renteria hit a 1 - 2 pitch into the left-field stands for his third homer of the season . It was Kobayashi 's second blown save in nine chances . Zach Miner ( 3 - 3 ) got the win despite giving up a run in 1 2/3 innings . Todd Jones got the last five outs for his ninth save in nine chances . Cleveland starter Aaron Laffey allowed two runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Indians took a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Jhonny Peralta singled with one out , then Blake was hit by a pitch . Franklin Gutierrez then hit a grounder to third baseman Andy Marte , who threw to second for an error , allowing Peralta to score . Kelly Shoppach followed with an RBI double to make it 2 - 0 . Guillen tied it with a two - run homer in the fourth . The Indians took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth . Ben Francisco singled to start the inning and advanced to third when Rogers bobbled the ball for an error . Francisco advanced to third on Rogers ' throwing error and scored on Ryan Garko 's sacrifice fly to put the Indians up 3 - 2 . The Tigers loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh on a walk to Brent Clevlen , a sacrifice bunt by Inge and a two - out walk to Edgar Renteria . Both runners moved up on a wild pitch before Placido Polanco grounded out to end the inning . The Tigers loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh on a walk to Brent Clevlen , a sacrifice bunt by Inge and a two - out walk to Edgar Renteria . Both runners moved up on a wild pitch before Placido Polanco grounded out to end the inning . The Tigers loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh on a walk to Brent Clevlen , a sacrifice bunt by Inge and a two - out walk to Edgar Renteria . Both runners moved up on a wild pitch before Placido Polanco grounded out to end the inning . The Tigers loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh on a walk to Brent Clevlen , a sacrifice bunt by Inge and a two - out walk to Edgar Renteria . Both runners moved up on a wild pitch before Placido Polanco grounded out to end the inning . The Tigers loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh on a walk to Brent Clevlen , a sacrifice bunt by Inge and a two - out walk to Edgar Renteria . Both runners moved up on a wild pitch before Placido Polanco grounded out to end the inning . The Tigers loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh on a walk to Brent Clevlen , a sacrifice bunt by Inge and a two - out walk to Edgar Renteria . Both runners moved up on a wild pitch before Placido Polanco grounded out to end the inning . The Tigers loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh on a walk to Brent Clevlen , a sacrifice bunt by Inge and a two - out walk to Edgar Renteria . Both runners moved up on a wild pitch before Placido Polanco grounded out to end the inning . The Tigers loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh on a walk to Brent Clevlen , a sacrifice bunt by Inge and a two - out walk to Edgar Renteria . Both runners moved up on a wild pitch before Placido Polanco grounded out to end the inning . The Tigers loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh on a walk to Brent Clevlen , a sacrifice bunt by Inge and a two - out walk to Edgar Renteria . Both runners moved up on a wild pitch before Placido Polanco grounded out to end the inning . The Tigers loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh on a walk to Brent Clevlen , a sacrifice bunt by Inge and a two - out walk to Edgar Renteria . Both runners moved up on a wild pitch before Placido Polanco grounded out to end the inning . The Tigers loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh on a walk to Brent Clevlen , a sacrifice bunt by Inge and a two - out walk to Edgar Renteria . Both runners moved up on a wild pitch before Placido Polanco grounded out to end the inning . The Tigers
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- The Baltimore Orioles found a way to win . Garrett Olson pitched into the seventh inning , Alexi Casilla had three hits and the Orioles beat the Minnesota Twins 3 - 2 on Friday night . The Orioles have won four of their last five games , including three straight at Target Field , where they have won four of their last five . Jones led off the seventh inning with a home run off Brian Bass ( 2 - 2 ) that gave the Orioles a 3 - 2 lead . Garrett Olson ( 5 - 1 ) gave up two runs and eight hits with one walk and one strikeout in 6 1/3 innings for the win . Jim Johnson gave up two hits in a scoreless eighth for the Orioles . George Sherrill gave up a double to Nick Punto in the ninth but got Carlos Gomez to fly out and struck out Alexi Casilla for his 20th save in 23 chances . Nick Markakis hit a two - run homer in the third inning for the Orioles , who have lost six of their last seven games . The Twins tied it in the fifth when Nick Punto doubled with one out and scored on Casilla 's single to tie it at 2 . Jones led off the seventh with a home run off Brian Bass ( 2 - 2 ) to give Baltimore a 3 - 2 lead . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Alexi Casilla singled with one out and scored on Mike Redmond 's double . Alexi Casilla singled with one out in the first and scored on Mike Redmond 's double to the gap in right-center .
PHILADELPHIA -- Cole Hamels was n't going to let the game get away . Hamels pitched a three - hitter for his second shutout of the season , and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Cincinnati Reds 5 - 0 on Wednesday night . Hamels ( 6 - 4 ) struck out four and walked three in his second complete game of the season . He threw a season-high 103 pitches . The Phillies won for the fifth time in six games and improved to 6 - 1 on their nine - game homestand . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . Homer Bailey ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs -- two earned -- and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out one . The Phillies scored three unearned runs in the fifth to take a 3 - 0 lead . Pedro Feliz singled with one out and Carlos Ruiz walked before Eric Bruntlett hit a sharp grounder to third baseman Pedro Feliz , who threw to second for an error . Jenkins then lined a shot into the seats in right field to make it 4 - 0 . Ryan Howard singled in Eric Bruntlett with two outs in the seventh to make it 5 - 0 . The Reds had runners on second and third with two outs in the second , but Homer Bailey popped out to end the inning . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Carlos Ruiz singled with one out and advanced to second on Hamels ' sacrifice bunt . Jimmy Rollins then hit a sharp grounder to third baseman Pedro Feliz , who threw to shortstop Paul Janish for an error , allowing Ruiz to score . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Carlos Ruiz singled with one out and advanced to second on Hamels ' sacrifice bunt . Rollins then hit a grounder to shortstop Paul Janish , who threw to second for an error .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- Zach Duke 's first win in more than a month . The Pittsburgh Pirates ' left-hander gave up two runs and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings to win for the first time in more than a month , beating the Houston Astros 5 - 2 on Wednesday night . Duke ( 3 - 4 ) struck out two and walked two . Matt Capps pitched a perfect ninth for his 12th save in as many opportunities . Roy Oswalt ( 4 - 6 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and nine hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Astros have lost four of five . Wigginton led off the third with his first home run of the season , but the Astros did n't get another hit until Wigginton 's homer . Jason Bay singled with one out in the fourth and Xavier Nady was hit by a pitch before Adam LaRoche 's RBI single tied it . Jason Bay walked and Xavier Nady singled to put runners at first and second with one out , but Oswalt struck out LaRoche to end the inning . Miguel Tejada walked with one out in the sixth , stole second and scored on a single by Carlos Lee to cut Houston 's lead to 4 - 2 . The Pirates added a run in the eighth when Adam LaRoche drew a leadoff walk and moved to second on Jose Bautista 's sacrifice bunt . LaRoche scored on Raul Chavez 's sacrifice fly . The Pirates added a run in the eighth on Raul Chavez 's sacrifice fly off Oscar Villarreal .
ARLINGTON , Texas ( AP ) -- Milton Bradley was n't sure what to expect when he hit his first home run of the season . Shin-Soo Choo hit a two - run homer and the Texas Rangers beat the Cleveland Indians 12 - 7 on Wednesday night . Hamilton 's two - run homer in the first off Tom Mastny ( 0 - 1 ) gave the Rangers a 2 - 0 lead . David Murphy followed with a double and scored on Brandon Boggs ' single to make it 4 - 0 . Murphy 's RBI single in the second off Jensen Lewis made it 5 - 0 , and Murphy 's RBI single made it 5 - 0 in the second . Ben Francisco had an RBI single in the third for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Frank Francisco ( 1 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up an unearned run in 1 2/3 innings . The Indians scored an unearned run in the fourth when Kinsler misplayed Grady Sizemore 's two - out grounder for an error , allowing Franklin Gutierrez to score from third . Josh Rupe walked Jamey Carroll with one out in the seventh and Ryan Garko singled with two outs before Jhonny Peralta drove in Carroll with a single to make it 9 - 5 . Saltalamacchia greeted Scott Elarton with an RBI single to make it 12 - 6 . Choo homered in the ninth off Rangers closer C. J. Wilson .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- The Milwaukee Brewers are making a habit of coming out of the All-Star break . Prince Fielder hit a tiebreaking home run in the eighth inning and the Brewers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 4 - 3 on Sunday to complete a three - game sweep of the NL West leaders . The Brewers have won six of their last seven games . The Brewers trailed 3 - 1 in the seventh when Fielder hit a 1 - 0 pitch from Doug Slaten ( 0 - 2 ) over the wall in left for his eighth homer of the season and second in as many days . It was Fielder 's second homer of the season and first since May 7 . He also had a solo shot in the eighth inning of Milwaukee 's 4 - 0 win over the Cubs on Sunday . Salomon Torres , the Brewers ' fifth reliever , pitched the ninth for his sixth save in eight chances . The Brewers tied it at 3 in the seventh on a throwing error by third baseman Mark Reynolds and a throwing error by third baseman Mark Reynolds . Chris Snyder hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Diamondbacks , who have lost five of six . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Justin Upton singled and scored on Chris Snyder 's double . The Brewers tied it in the bottom of the inning on a sacrifice fly by Bill Hall . The Diamondbacks made it 2 - 1 in the third on a walk to Stephen Drew and a single by Chris Young , who advanced to third on a groundout by Tracy . Reynolds singled in Stephen Drew to make it 2 - 1 in the third . Stephen Drew walked to lead off the inning and Chris Young singled to put runners at second and third with one out . Suppan retired Orlando Hudson on a fly to center , but Mark Reynolds singled to score Drew .
ANAHEIM , Calif. ( AP ) -- Sean Rodriguez was n't sure what to expect from his teammates . Rodriguez hit a tying two - run homer in the ninth inning and the Los Angeles Angels rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night . Ryan ( 1 - 1 ) was charged with two runs and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . Vladimir Guerrero and Torii Hunter singled to open the ninth against Ryan ( 1 - 1 ) and advanced to third on Casey Kotchman 's fielder 's choice grounder . Juan Rivera struck out before Kendrick was hit by a pitch to force in the tying run . Jose Arredondo ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 2 1/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . Toronto 's A. J. Burnett gave up two runs and three hits in eight innings , striking out eight and walking three . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Alex Rios singled , took third on a single by Scott Rolen and scored on a wild pitch . Garland walked Rod Barajas to load the bases before Brad Wilkerson grounded out . The Blue Jays made it 2 - 0 in the second on a walk to Kevin Mench , a single by Joe Inglett and a sacrifice bunt by David Eckstein . Mench scored on Marco Scutaro 's sacrifice fly . The Angels got on the board in the third when Brandon Wood singled with one out and scored on Rodriguez 's homer . The Angels got a run back in the bottom of the third when Wood singled with one out and scored on Rodriguez 's homer . The Angels loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth , but Torii Hunter struck out .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Johan Santana did n't have his best stuff . Santana allowed one run in 7 2/3 innings to win his fourth straight start , and the New York Mets beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Santana ( 7 - 3 ) gave up one run and six hits , striking out six and walking three . He has allowed one run or fewer in five of his last six starts . Carlos Beltran and Ryan Church hit two - run homers in a six - run third inning , and David Wright had three hits and two RBIs for New York . Hiroki Kuroda ( 2 - 5 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 2 2/3 innings . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Juan Pierre doubled and scored on Matt Kemp 's single . Jose Reyes led off the bottom half with a single , stole second and scored on David Wright 's single . Jose Reyes doubled with one out in the third and scored on David Wright 's two - out single . Beltran then drove a 1 - 2 pitch into the left-field seats for his seventh homer and a 6 - 1 lead . Juan Pierre led off the first with a double and scored on Matt Kemp 's single . The Dodgers loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth , but Scott Schoeneweis came on and got Loney to ground into a fielder 's choice . The Dodgers loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth , but Scott Schoeneweis came on and got Loney to ground into a fielder 's choice . Pedro Feliciano pitched a perfect ninth for New York .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- The Minnesota Twins have been in first place in the AL Central since the All-Star break . Jason Kubel hit a three - run homer in Minnesota 's four - run seventh inning , and the Twins beat the Chicago White Sox 10 - 6 on Friday night for their fourth straight victory . The Twins have won six of their last seven games . Joe Mauer had three hits and two RBIs for the Twins , including a tying single in the seventh inning . Jermaine Dye hit a two - run homer off Matt Guerrier in the eighth for the White Sox , who have lost six of their last seven games . Ehren Wassermann gave up an RBI double to Nick Punto and an RBI single to Delmon Young in the eighth to make it 10 - 6 . Joe Nathan struck out two in a perfect ninth for the Twins . Justin Morneau hit a three - run homer and Joe Mauer had three hits and two RBIs for the Twins , who have lost six of their last seven games . White Sox starter John Danks gave up four runs and eight hits with four strikeouts and two walks in six innings . He was replaced by Matt Thornton ( 4 - 3 ) , who gave up a tying single to Mauer in the seventh that tied the game at 4 . Dye walked to lead off the game , and Thome followed with his 21st homer of the season to make it 2 - 0 . Dye drew a leadoff walk in the second and scored on Thome 's 21st homer of the season , a two - run shot that made it 4 - 3 . The Twins answered with three runs in the fifth . Carlos Gomez led off with a single and Denard Span reached on a fielder 's choice before Morneau 's homer .
MIAMI ( AP ) -- The Florida Marlins ' latest win was a big one . Dan Uggla hit a two - run single in Florida 's seven - run second inning , Anibal Sanchez won his major league debut and the Marlins beat the Colorado Rockies 12 - 2 on Wednesday night . The Marlins won for only the second time in their past 10 games . Sanchez ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Jorge De La Rosa ( 5 - 6 ) gave up seven runs and five hits in 1 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . Cantu hit a solo homer in the first inning to give the Marlins a 1 - 0 lead . The Marlins scored four runs in the second . Wes Helms singled with one out and Cody Ross walked . De La Rosa then walked Hanley Ramirez to force in a run , and Hermida 's two - run single made it 4 - 0 . The Rockies added a run in the fourth when Matt Holliday singled , took third on Brad Hawpe 's single and scored on a single by Ian Stewart . The Marlins scored three runs in the fourth . Jeremy Hermida and Jorge Cantu singled to start the inning , and Hermida scored on Omar Quintanilla 's single . The Rockies loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth against Jason Grilli , but Justin Miller came in and retired pinch hitter Jeff Baker on a grounder . The Marlins added a run in the eighth against Jason Grilli . Jeremy Hermida led off with a double and Luis Gonzalez drew a one - out walk . Uggla singled to load the bases , and Helms singled to make it 12 - 2 . The Marlins added a run in the eighth against Jason Grilli . Jeremy Hermida doubled and scored on Helms ' single to make it 12 - 2 .
TORONTO ( AP ) -- Matt Garza is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Garza pitched a five - hitter for his third complete game of the season and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Toronto Blue Jays 3 - 0 on Wednesday night . Garza ( 9 - 6 ) struck out five and walked one , lowering his ERA to 3.56 over his past six starts . He walked one and struck out five . The Blue Jays did n't get a runner to third base until the ninth , when Marco Scutaro popped out and Alex Rios grounded out . Halladay ( 12 - 8 ) allowed three runs and six hits in eight innings . He walked three and struck out eight . The Blue Jays lost for the fourth time in five games . Hinske led off the third with a homer to left , his 12th of the season and second in two games . The Rays made it 3 - 0 in the eighth when Melvin Upton Jr. drew a two - out walk and went to second on Carl Crawford 's single . Longoria followed with a two - run triple off the wall in center . Halladay ( 12 - 8 ) allowed three runs and six hits in eight innings , walked three and struck out eight . The Rays made it 3 - 0 in the eighth when B. J. Upton drew a two - out walk and Carl Crawford singled before Longoria hit a drive to the wall in left-center . The Blue Jays made it 3 - 0 in the eighth when Adam Lind hit a two - out double , but Brad Wilkerson grounded out to end the inning . The Blue Jays were shut out for the second time this season .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- Paul Byrd has been one of the few bright spots for the AL Central leaders . Byrd pitched four - hit ball into the eighth inning and the Cleveland Indians beat the Detroit Tigers 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Byrd ( 5 - 10 ) struck out four and walked three in 7 2/3 innings . Kelly Shoppach led off the sixth with a homer off Kenny Rogers ( 8 - 7 ) , who gave up five runs and nine hits in 5 2/3 innings . The Tigers have lost four of five . Rogers ( 8 - 7 ) gave up five runs and nine hits over 5 2/3 innings . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Grady Sizemore led off with a double and scored on Jhonny Peralta 's grounder . Jhonny Peralta 's RBI double made it 2 - 0 in the third . Shoppach made it 3 - 0 in the sixth with his eighth homer . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Grady Sizemore led off with a double and moved to third on Franklin Gutierrez 's groundout . Francisco was hit by a pitch , moved up on Franklin Gutierrez 's groundout and scored when Peralta grounded into a fielder 's choice . The Tigers threatened in the eighth when Curtis Granderson singled and Carlos Guillen walked with two outs , but Edward Mujica got Magglio Ordonez to ground into a fielder 's choice . Edward Mujica struck out two in 1 1/3 perfect ninth .
LOS ANGELES -- The San Francisco Giants finally found a way to win . Kevin Correia hit a two - run single during a seven - run fourth inning , Fred Lewis added a two - run double and the Giants beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 7 - 6 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Giants , who have the best record in the majors , won for the fifth time in six games . Correia ( 2 - 5 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out five and walked none . Brian Wilson pitched a perfect ninth for his 28th save in 30 chances . Hiroki Kuroda ( 5 - 8 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 3 2/3 innings , struck out two and walked none . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI groundout by Fred Lewis and a run-scoring single by Jose Castillo . The Giants batted around in a five - run fourth that included two - run singles by Correia , Fred Lewis and Jose Castillo . The Dodgers closed to 7 - 5 in the fifth on a two - run double by pinch hitter Mark Sweeney and a two - run double by Mark Sweeney that chased Correia , who was charged with six runs -- four earned -- and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked none . The Dodgers scored three runs in the fifth on RBI singles by Andre Ethier , Angel Berroa and Mark Sweeney , and a two - run double by Mark Sweeney that chased Correia . Alex Hinshaw came on and gave up an RBI single to Andruw Jones that made it 7 - 6 in the sixth . The Dodgers closed to 7 - 6 in the sixth on Jones ' RBI single off Sergio Romo .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- Ubaldo Jimenez had a lot to do with it . Jimenez pitched six shutout innings for his first win in more than a month , and the Colorado Rockies beat the Cincinnati Reds 11 - 0 on Tuesday night . Jimenez ( 7 - 9 ) gave up five hits , struck out two and walked one . The right-hander was 0 - 2 in his last four starts , allowing two earned runs or less . Jeff Baker hit a two - run homer in the fourth off Josh Fogg ( 2 - 3 ) , and Garrett Atkins added a two - run shot off Todd Coffey . Fogg ( 2 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest start of the season . He walked three and struck out four . Baker hit a two - run homer off Fogg in the fourth , and Atkins added a two - run shot off Todd Coffey . Chris Iannetta made it 8 - 0 in the fifth with a solo homer off Todd Coffey . Scott Podsednik had three hits for the Rockies , who have won four of their last five games . Ken Griffey Jr. was hit by a pitch in the sixth , but was hit by a pitch to start the inning . Adam Dunn followed with a double , but Edwin Encarnacion popped out and Joey Votto flied out to end the inning . The Rockies made it 11 - 0 in the eighth against Jeremy Affeldt . Jeff Baker and Matt Holliday singled to put runners at the corners , and Seth Smith drove in a run with a fielder 's choice . Barmes hit a two - run double off Jeremy Affeldt for a 11 - 0 lead . The Rockies scored three times in the third off Fogg ( 2 - 3 ) , who gave up seven runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . Scott Podsednik drew a leadoff walk , Jeff Baker singled and Brad Hawpe walked to load the bases with one out . Garrett Atkins hit a sacrifice fly to deep center , and Corey Patterson threw the ball into left field for an error , allowing Podsednik to score and Troy Tulowitzki 's two - run single .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- The Milwaukee Brewers had 16 hits in a 6 - 3 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Friday night . Bill Hall and J. J. Hardy each had four hits , and Rickie Weeks Jr. hit a three - run homer in the 10th inning to help the Brewers snap a four - game losing streak . The Brewers have won six of their last seven overall and are a season-best six games above .500 . Salomon Torres ( 5 - 2 ) got Albert Pujols to fly out to end the top of the ninth with runners on second and third . Hall led off the bottom of the 10th with a homer off Ryan Franklin ( 3 - 3 ) . The Cardinals tied it in the bottom of the ninth on Skip Schumaker 's sacrifice fly off Salomon Torres ( 5 - 2 ) . Torres ( 5 - 2 ) gave up one run on four hits in two innings . Brewers starter Seth McClung gave up two runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked two . Glaus ' two - out , two - run double in the first off Brewers starter Seth McClung gave the Cardinals a 2 - 0 lead . Weeks hit a three - run homer off Joel Pineiro in the fifth to put the Brewers ahead 3 - 2 . The Brewers loaded the bases with one out in the eighth on a single by Hall , who stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch by Kelvin Jimenez . Pinch-hitter Ray Durham hit a grounder to Weeks , who threw home to force Hall at the plate . The Brewers loaded the bases with one out in the eighth on a single by Hall , who stole second and advanced to third on a fielder 's choice by Ray Durham . Pinch-hitter Ray Durham hit a grounder to Weeks , who threw home to force Hall at home .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- Vicente Padilla did n't have his best stuff . Padilla pitched seven shutout innings and the Texas Rangers beat the Minnesota Twins 1 - 0 on Friday night . Padilla ( 11 - 5 ) gave up three hits , walked two and struck out none . He threw 49 of his 80 pitches for strikes and lowered his ERA to 4.41 . Taylor Teagarden hit a solo homer in the sixth inning for the Rangers , who have won six of their last seven games . C. J. Wilson pitched the ninth for his 23rd save in 24 chances . Scott Baker ( 6 - 3 ) gave up two hits and struck out eight in eight innings for the first time in his career . The only other hit allowed by Baker was a two - out homer by Teagarden in the sixth inning . Baker has been one of the few bright spots for the defending AL champions , who have lost five of their last six games . The Twins have lost five of their last six games . Eddie Guardado pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the Rangers , who have lost five of their last six games . Joe Nathan gave up a one - out single to Brandon Boggs in the ninth , but got David Murphy to fly out to end the game . The Twins have lost five of their last six games .
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) -- The Atlanta Braves have been waiting all season long . Brian McCann homered and drove in three runs , Brian McCann homered and drove in three runs , and the Atlanta Braves beat the San Diego Padres 12 - 3 on Wednesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Braves , who have the worst record in the majors , have won six of their last seven games . Jorge Campillo ( 4 - 4 ) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings , struck out four and walked two . Randy Wolf ( 6 - 9 ) gave up six runs and six hits in five innings , walking three and striking out one . The Padres have lost four straight and six of seven . The Braves scored three runs in the first inning on a two - run double by Mark Teixeira and an RBI single by Brian McCann . The Padres got a run back in the bottom of the first on Kevin Kouzmanoff 's RBI single . The Braves scored three runs in the sixth . Jeff Francoeur led off with a single and Brian McCann was hit by a pitch before Mark Kotsay hit an RBI single . Cla Meredith came on and gave up an RBI single to Gregor Blanco and a run-scoring single to Gregor Blanco . Joe Thatcher came on and gave up an RBI single to Kelly Johnson to make it 12 - 2 . Headley homered off Michael Gonzalez leading off the ninth . Jody Gerut followed with a triple , but Gonzalez struck out Nick Hundley and Chip Ambres to end the inning .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- The Pittsburgh Pirates had a lot of fun with Jason Bay . Bay hit two home runs and drove in five runs to lead the Pirates to a 12 - 11 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Michaels hit a 1 - 0 pitch from Chris Perez ( 2 - 1 ) over the wall in right field for his first career game-ending homer . Bay , who had been 0 - for - 5 in his first two major league games , hit a 1 - 0 pitch into the Allegheny River beyond the right-field stands . Raul Chavez led off the bottom of the 10th with a single off Kyle McClellan and scored on Michaels ' first homer of the season . Denny Bautista ( 3 - 2 ) got the win despite giving up a run in the top of the 10th on pinch-hitter Joe Mather 's RBI single . The Pirates scored three runs in the ninth off Jason Isringhausen , who gave up a three - run homer to Nate McLouth and a three - run homer to pinch-hitter Jason Bay . The Cardinals had a season-high 22 hits . Bay hit a three - run homer in the bottom of the ninth off Jason Isringhausen , who blew his fourth save in 11 opportunities . The Pirates won for the fourth time in five games . The Cardinals had a season-high 22 hits . Bay hit a two - run homer in the first off Todd Wellemeyer , who allowed four runs and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out two . The Cardinals took a 3 - 2 lead in the third on a run-scoring triple by Ludwick and a sacrifice fly by Pujols . LaRoche 's second homer cut it to 5 - 3 in the fourth . Pujols doubled off T. J. Beam in the sixth and scored on Ankiel 's double to make it 7 - 3 . Glaus followed with an RBI single to make it 8 - 3 . Bay hit a two - run homer off Ryan Franklin in the eighth to make it 10 - 6 .
LOS ANGELES -- Chris Volstad has been one of the best pitchers in the majors . Volstad allowed one run and five hits over 8 2/3 innings , and the Florida Marlins beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 3 - 1 on Friday night . Volstad ( 2 - 0 ) struck out six and walked one , lowering his ERA to 0.84 . He has allowed one earned run or less in each of his first two starts . Kevin Gregg got Jeff Kent to fly out for the final out , stranding pinch-hitter Delwyn Young at second for his 19th save in 23 chances . Jeremy Hermida and Jorge Cantu hit back-to-back homers in the first inning for the Marlins , who have won six of their last seven games . Eric Stults ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings , struck out six and walked three . The Dodgers have lost five of their last six games . Jeremy Hermida and Jorge Cantu hit consecutive homers in the first inning for the Marlins , who have won six of their last seven games . The Marlins have won six of their last seven games , including three of their last four . The Marlins have won six of their last seven games , including the first two games of the series , and have won six of their last seven against the Dodgers . The Dodgers have lost five of their last six games . Stults ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings , struck out six and walked three . He retired the first 10 batters he faced before Josh Willingham walked with two outs in the third . Dan Uggla followed with a single , but Wes Helms grounded into a fielder 's choice .
DETROIT ( AP ) -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting all season long . Glen Perkins pitched into the seventh inning for his first win in more than a month , and the Twins beat the Detroit Tigers 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Twins won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . Perkins ( 6 - 2 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Joe Nathan pitched a perfect ninth for his 26th save in 28 chances . Armando Galarraga ( 7 - 3 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out five . The Tigers have lost three straight and six of seven . The Tigers scored a run in the seventh on Matt Joyce 's double and Ramon Santiago 's sacrifice bunt . Jesse Crain came in and hit Curtis Granderson with a pitch to load the bases . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Curtis Granderson walked , took second on Placido Polanco 's groundout and scored on Carlos Guillen 's single . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Curtis Granderson walked , took second on a groundout and scored on Carlos Guillen 's single . The Twins tied it in the fourth when Brian Buscher singled and scored on Nick Punto 's double . Alexi Casilla doubled off Aquilino Lopez in the seventh and scored on Young 's sacrifice fly to make it 3 - 1 .
DETROIT ( AP ) -- Miguel Cabrera is making a strong case to stay in the majors . Cabrera homered twice and drove in three runs to lead the Detroit Tigers to a 9 - 2 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Cabrera became the first major leaguer to hit two home runs in a game since Boston 's Carl Yastrzemski in the same game against Kansas City on July 26 , 2006 . The Tigers have won six of their last seven games . Justin Verlander ( 6 - 9 ) allowed two runs and two hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Jeremy Sowers ( 0 - 5 ) gave up seven runs -- six earned -- and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . Jhonny Peralta hit a two - run homer in the first for Cleveland , which has lost four of five . The Tigers scored four runs in the third off Jeremy Sowers ( 0 - 5 ) . Ryan Raburn doubled with one out and scored on Curtis Granderson 's one - out single . One out later , Marcus Thames drove in Granderson with a double to left . Cabrera followed with a two - run homer to make it 4 - 2 . Thames hit a two - run homer in the fifth to make it 6 - 2 . The Tigers made it 7 - 2 in the sixth . Edgar Renteria reached on a one - out error by third baseman Ryan Raburn and moved to second on Ryan Raburn 's two - out single . Granderson then hit an RBI single to make it 7 - 2 . Cabrera hit a solo homer off Brian Slocum in the seventh , and Rodriguez added a solo shot .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) -- Carlos Beltran is making a strong case to stay in the majors . Beltran hit a tiebreaking homer in the 12th inning and the New York Mets rallied to beat the Philadelphia Phillies 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Beltran 's two - out RBI single in the ninth off Brad Lidge gave the Mets a 4 - 2 lead . Joe Smith ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 2 1/3 scoreless innings to earn his first major league win . Chad Durbin ( 2 - 2 ) walked Carlos Delgado to start the 12th and was sacrificed to second by Damion Easley . Joe Smith ( 1 - 1 ) tossed 2 1/3 scoreless innings to earn his first major league win . Shane Victorino led off the bottom of the ninth with a single off Wagner . After Carlos Ruiz flied out , Werth hit a 1 - 2 pitch into the right-field seats to tie it at 2 . The Phillies , who have lost five of their last six games , have scored three runs or less in 10 of their last 12 games . Wagner gave up a leadoff single to Shane Victorino in the ninth and struck out pinch hitter Eric Bruntlett before Werth drove a 1 - 2 pitch into the seats in left-center to tie it at 2 . Mets starter Oliver Perez allowed four hits and struck out six in seven scoreless innings . Beltran hit a solo homer in the third off Kyle Kendrick to give the Mets a 1 - 0 lead . The Phillies loaded the bases with one out in the bottom of the first , but Perez struck out Ryan Howard and got Pat Burrell to pop out . The Phillies loaded the bases with one out in the eighth , but Pedro Feliciano struck out Ryan Howard and got Pedro Feliz to ground out .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- Bill Hall has been on a tear since coming off the disabled list . Hall had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in three runs to lead the Milwaukee Brewers to a 9 - 1 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Hall , who has been on a tear since coming off the disabled list on June 8 , is hitting .217 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last six games . Hall , who had a two - run homer in the fifth , had a two - run shot and an RBI single in the Brewers ' five - run fifth . Ben Sheets ( 10 - 2 ) gave up one run and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings , striking out six and walking three . Carlos Villanueva pitched the final 3 1/3 innings for his first career save . Tom Gorzelanny ( 6 - 6 ) gave up eight runs -- seven earned -- and 11 hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out four . Hall put the Brewers up 2 - 0 with a two - run homer in the second . The Pirates got a run back in the third when Jack Wilson doubled and scored on Xavier Nady 's two - out double . The Brewers regained the lead in the fourth . Bill Hall doubled with two outs and scored on Jason Kendall 's single to make it 3 - 1 . Hardy 's two - run homer in the fifth off Gorzelanny made it 5 - 1 . Fielder added an RBI double in the sixth off T. J. Beam .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- Carlos Pena had a big night at the plate . Pena hit a three - run homer and drove in five runs to help the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Kansas City Royals 11 - 2 on Wednesday night . Pena 's three - run homer off Brian Bannister ( 7 - 8 ) in the fifth inning gave the Rays a 7 - 0 lead . Evan Longoria had three hits for the Rays , who have won four of five . Pena , who leads the major leagues with a .227 batting average , had a two - run homer and a sacrifice fly . Edwin Jackson ( 5 - 6 ) allowed two runs , one earned , and four hits in eight innings . He walked one and struck out two . Brian Bannister ( 7 - 8 ) gave up seven runs , six earned , and eight hits in five - plus innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Rays took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by B. J. Upton and a sacrifice fly by Cliff Floyd . Upton singled with one out in the third , stole second and continued to third on catcher John Buck 's throwing error . Pena 's sacrifice fly made it 4 - 0 . Pena hit a three - run homer off Bannister in the fifth to make it 7 - 0 . Mark Grudzielanek hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Royals , who have lost four of five . The Royals got a run back in the eighth on a passed ball by John Buck , scoring Mark Teahen from third . The Rays loaded the bases with no outs in the eighth on a single by Dioner Navarro , a walk to pinch-hitter Jonny Gomes and a walk to Reid Brignac . Iwamura drove in a run with a groundout and Crawford hit a two - run single off Jimmy Gobble .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Mike Lowell is going to have to be patient at the plate . Lowell hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs to lead the Boston Red Sox to a 6 - 4 victory over the New York Yankees on Tuesday night . Lowell hit a three - run homer in the fifth inning , and the Red Sox won for the seventh time in eight games . Lowell also had a sacrifice fly and an RBI single . Lowell hit a three - run homer in the fifth off Darrell Rasner ( 4 - 7 ) , who had won his previous three starts . Josh Beckett ( 8 - 5 ) gave up three runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Yankees loaded the bases with one out in the seventh against Hideki Okajima on a single by Melky Cabrera , a walk to Jose Molina and a walk to Derek Jeter . Manny Delcarmen came in and retired Bobby Abreu on a popup and got Alex Rodriguez to ground into a fielder 's choice . Jonathan Papelbon worked the ninth for his 25th save in 29 chances . Darrell Rasner ( 4 - 7 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in five - plus innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Yankees took a 3 - 0 lead in the first . Johnny Damon led off with a double and Bobby Abreu drew a one - out walk . Rodriguez followed with a two - run double and Jason Giambi followed with a sacrifice fly . The Red Sox loaded the bases with one out in the third on singles by Jacoby Ellsbury and Dustin Pedroia and a walk to Ramirez . Lowell hit a sacrifice fly and Youkilis followed with a two - run triple . The Yankees loaded the bases with one out in the fourth on singles by Alex Rodriguez and Dustin Pedroia and a walk to Jorge Posada . Beckett then hit Melky Cabrera with a pitch to load the bases before Jose Molina grounded out .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- The Kansas City Royals finally found a way to win . Jose Guillen hit a two - run triple during Kansas City 's six - run sixth inning , and the Royals rallied from a three - run deficit to beat the Baltimore Orioles 10 - 7 on Wednesday night . The Royals won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to a season-high 10 games over .500 ( 37 - 43 ) . The Royals , who trailed by seven runs in the first inning , scored six times in the sixth to take a 5 - 3 lead . Joel Peralta ( 1 - 2 ) worked two scoreless innings to earn his first major league win . Joakim Soria worked a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in 26 tries . The Orioles , meanwhile , have lost four straight and six of seven . Butler led off the second inning with a drive to left , his second homer in two games . The Royals made it 3 - 0 in the third . Pena led off with a drive to left , and Jose Guillen drove in three runs with a single . The Orioles took a 5 - 3 lead in the fourth . Huff hit a solo homer and Melvin Mora singled in a run before Jones hit a two - run triple . Jones hit a two - run triple and Fahey tripled in a run before Brian Roberts struck out to end the inning . Huff hit a two - run drive in the fifth to make it 7 - 3 .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- Brandon Phillips had a lot to do with it . Phillips hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the 11th inning , and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Cincinnati Reds 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Phillips hit a two - run homer off Damaso Marte in the eighth to tie it at 3 . It was his second homer of the season and second in two games . Jason Bay drew a one - out walk off Jared Burton in the 10th and advanced to second on Ryan Doumit 's groundout . Adam LaRoche was intentionally walked to bring up Phillips , who drove a 1 - 2 pitch into the left-field seats for his fourth homer of the season . Matt Capps ( 2 - 3 ) got the win despite giving up Brandon Phillips ' tying single in the bottom of the 10th . The Reds tied it in the bottom of the 10th on Brandon Phillips ' two - out RBI single off Matt Capps ( 2 - 3 ) . Corey Patterson scored on Brandon Phillips ' two - out single off Joey Votto . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . Jay Bruce led off the Cincinnati ninth with a single off Sean Burnett , who was making his major league debut . Bruce moved to second on David Ross ' sacrifice , and pinch-hitter Javier Valentin lined out to shortstop Jerry Hairston Jr. to end the inning . Griffey doubled with one out in the eighth , moved up on a wild pitch and scored on Adam LaRoche 's double . Doug Mientkiewicz 's sacrifice fly off Mike Lincoln made it 3 - 0 . Pirates starter Edinson Volquez gave up three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . Mike Lincoln struck out three in 1 2/3 innings of one - hit relief . Duke allowed one run and six hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked two .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- Adrian Beltre has been one of the hottest hitters in baseball . Beltre homered twice and drove in three runs to lead the Seattle Mariners to a 6 - 4 win over the Cleveland Indians on Friday night . It was the third multihomer game of Beltre 's career and the third of his career . It was also the first time Beltre has hit two home runs in a game since June 12 , 2007 , against the Chicago White Sox . Ichiro Suzuki , Raul Ibanez and Raul Ibanez each drove in a run during Seattle 's five - run fifth inning . Ryan Rowland-Smith ( 4 - 2 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings to win his third straight start . Roy Corcoran worked the ninth for his second save , getting Ryan Garko to ground into a game-ending double play with the bases loaded . Zach Jackson ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Mariners took a 6 - 1 lead in the fifth . Jeff Clement was hit by a pitch with one out and went to third on Miguel Cairo 's single . Suzuki singled to right to score Clement and Cairo came home on Raul Ibanez 's single . Jake Woods came on and got Grady Sizemore to ground out and walked Jamey Carroll to load the bases . Jake Woods came on and got Victor Martinez to fly out to center to end the inning . The Indians scored twice in the eighth off Randy Messenger on a single by Jhonny Peralta , a walk to Ryan Garko and a single by Shin-Soo Choo to load the bases . Franklin Gutierrez then hit a grounder to third baseman Andy Marte , who threw to second for an error , allowing Peralta to score . Beltre 's second homer gave the Mariners a 1 - 0 lead in the second . The Indians tied it in the bottom of the inning on a solo homer by Shin-Soo Choo . It was his fourth of the season and second in two days .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Greg Norton was n't sure what to hit . Norton hit his first career pinch-hit homer and drove in two runs to lead the Washington Nationals to a 7 - 3 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Friday night . Norton was recalled from Triple-A Syracuse before the game , then was called up from Triple-A Syracuse before the game . He was recalled from Triple-A Syracuse before the game , then was called up from Triple-A Syracuse before the game . The Nationals have won six of their last seven games . Odalis Perez ( 6 - 10 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . Joel Hanrahan got the final two outs for his seventh save in nine chances . Jorge Campillo ( 7 - 7 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Cristian Guzman doubled with one out and scored on Zimmerman 's single . The Nationals added two runs in the second . Elijah Dukes led off with a double and scored on Emilio Bonifacio 's triple into the right-field corner . Willie Harris walked and Cristian Guzman singled in Bonifacio . The Nationals added two runs in the fourth . Emilio Bonifacio led off with a single , stole second and scored on Cristian Guzman 's single . Josh Anderson singled and scored on Martin Prado 's double to make it 5 - 3 . The Nationals added two runs off Elmer Dessens in the sixth . Willie Harris walked , stole second and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's sacrifice fly . Lastings Milledge doubled and Belliard singled off Blaine Boyer to make it 7 - 3 .
PHOENIX ( AP ) -- The Arizona Diamondbacks have been in first place in the NL West since the All-Star break . Adam Dunn drove in two runs with a single in the seventh inning , and the Diamondbacks rallied to beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 9 - 3 on Wednesday night . The Diamondbacks won for the fifth time in six games and maintained a two - game lead over San Francisco in the NL West . Doug Davis ( 6 - 8 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in five innings for the win . Hiroki Kuroda ( 7 - 10 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and four hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Diamondbacks scored three unearned runs in the fifth to take a 4 - 2 lead . Chad Tracy led off with a single , Chris Snyder walked and Augie Ojeda hit a grounder to shortstop Nomar Garciaparra , who bobbled the ball for an error that allowed Chad Tracy to score the tying run . Chad Qualls came on and gave up an RBI single to Adam Dunn and an RBI single to Mark Reynolds to make it 8 - 3 . The Diamondbacks added a run in the eighth off Jason Johnson . Chris Young singled with one out and scored on Dunn 's two - out double . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Chris Young singled with one out and scored on Adam Dunn 's two - out double . The Dodgers took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on a sacrifice fly by Kemp and an RBI single by James Loney .
ANAHEIM , Calif. ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Angels are still in first place in the AL West . Juan Rivera drove in three runs with a pinch-hit , three - run double during a seven - run eighth inning , and the Angels rallied for a 7 - 5 victory over the Texas Rangers on Friday night . The Angels , who have won six of their last seven , moved within a half-game of first-place Texas in the AL West , with Los Angeles ' magic number for clinching the division title . Jon Garland ( 12 - 8 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in eight innings , struck out three and walked one . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth for his major league-leading 51st save in 48 chances , getting Michael Young to ground into a game-ending double play after pinch hitter Brandon Boggs was hit by a pitch with one out . Jamey Wright ( 6 - 6 ) was charged with four runs , two hits and two walks in one - third of an inning for the Rangers . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth for his major league-leading 51st save in 48 chances , getting Michael Young to ground into a game-ending double play after pinch hitter Brandon Boggs was hit by a pitch with one out . The Rangers , who had won four of their previous five games , took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on Milton Bradley 's three - run homer and Chris Davis ' RBI double . Chris Davis ' fourth homer of the season made it 5 - 1 in the fourth . The Rangers ' only runs came on a homer by Chris Davis in the fourth . The Angels cut the margin to 5 - 2 in the sixth . Torii Hunter singled with two outs and scored when Nelson Cruz misplayed Garret Anderson 's double to right . McCarthy allowed two runs -- one earned -- and six hits in six innings , struck out two and walked one .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Aramis Ramirez has been on a roll . Ramirez hit a tiebreaking grand slam in the eighth inning , and the Chicago Cubs beat the Philadelphia Phillies 6 - 4 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight victory . The Cubs won for the seventh time in nine games and remained two games ahead of St. Louis in the NL wild-card race . Ramirez hit a two - run homer off Ryan Madson in the eighth to give the Cubs a 6 - 4 lead . It was the first pinch-hit homer of Ramirez 's career . Ramirez is hitting .283 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last 10 games . Kerry Wood pitched the ninth for his 28th save in 31 chances . The Phillies , who have lost five of six , fell to a season-worst nine games below .500 . The Phillies took a 4 - 1 lead in the sixth against Ryan Dempster . Jayson Werth led off with a double and Pedro Feliz walked . Carlos Ruiz followed with an RBI single , and Jimmy Rollins added a sacrifice fly . Hamels allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked none . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Chase Utley doubled and scored on Shane Victorino 's single . The Cubs tied it in the fifth when Kosuke Fukudome singled with one out and scored on Mark DeRosa 's triple into the right-field corner . Hamels struck out Ryan Dempster and retired Alfonso Soriano on a popup to end the inning . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Chase Utley doubled and scored on Shane Victorino 's single . Dempster then walked Jayson Werth to load the bases before Dempster struck out Pedro Feliz .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Josh Johnson was n't going to let the game slip away . Johnson pitched a four - hitter for his first complete game in the majors , and the Florida Marlins beat the Atlanta Braves 4 - 1 on Wednesday night . Johnson ( 4 - 0 ) gave up four hits and three walks with eight strikeouts in his fourth complete game of the season . He lowered his ERA to 3.12 and lowered his ERA to 3.12 . Johnson 's only other complete game was a 3 - 2 win over the New York Mets on April 17 , 2009 , when he gave up four runs in the ninth inning . Mike Hampton ( 2 - 2 ) gave up eight hits and three runs in eight innings . Dan Uggla hit his 19th homer off Blaine Boyer in the ninth . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Dan Uggla led off with a double and scored on Wes Helms ' single . The Marlins made it 3 - 0 in the fifth . Cody Ross led off with a double and scored on Martin Prado 's groundout . The Braves cut the lead to 3 - 1 in the fifth . Kelly Johnson hit a one - out triple and scored on Martin Prado 's groundout . The Braves threatened in the eighth when Martin Prado reached on a throwing error by first baseman Jorge Cantu and moved to second on Jeff Francoeur 's single to right . Brandon Jones was held at third on Brandon Jones ' sacrifice bunt , but Johnson struck out pinch-hitter Greg Norton and Gregor Blanco to end the inning . Uggla homered off Blaine Boyer in the ninth .
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- The Seattle Mariners have been in first place in the AL West since the All-Star break . The Mariners have been in first place in the AL West since the All-Star break , and now they have the best record in the American League . Ryan Rowland-Smith pitched seven strong innings , and Randy Ruiz and Randy Ruiz homered in the sixth inning to lead the Mariners to a 3 - 2 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Wednesday night . Rowland-Smith ( 3 - 2 ) allowed two runs and five hits , struck out five and walked two . Roy Corcoran pitched the final two innings for his first save . Scott Baker ( 7 - 4 ) gave up three runs and 10 hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Twins have lost three straight and six of their last seven . The Mariners took a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Raul Ibanez drew a leadoff walk and took third on Jose Lopez 's double . Clement then lined a two - run single up the middle . The Mariners loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth on singles by Adrian Beltre and Raul Ibanez and a single by Yuniesky Betancourt . But Rowland-Smith got Justin Morneau to ground into a double play , then got Justin Morneau to ground into a double play to score Casilla . Ruiz then hit his fourth home run of the season to tie it at 2 . The Mariners regained the lead in the sixth . Adrian Beltre led off with a double and Raul Ibanez singled to put runners on first and third with no outs . Lopez followed with a single to center to score Beltre and give the Mariners a 3 - 2 lead . The Mariners regained the lead in the sixth . Adrian Beltre led off with a double and Raul Ibanez singled to put runners on first and third . Lopez followed with a single to center to score Beltre and give Seattle a 3 - 2 lead . The Mariners regained the lead in the sixth . Adrian Beltre led off with a double and Raul Ibanez singled to put runners on first and third . Lopez followed with a single to center to score Beltre and give the Mariners a 3 - 2 lead . The Mariners regained the lead in the sixth . Adrian Beltre led off with a double and Raul Ibanez singled to put runners on first and third with no outs . Casilla scored on Lopez 's single to left . The Mariners took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth . Adrian Beltre led off with a double and Raul Ibanez singled to put runners on first and third with no outs . Lopez followed with a single to center to score Beltre and give the Mariners a 3 - 2 lead . The Mariners took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth . Adrian Beltre led off with a double and Raul Ibanez singled to put runners on first and third with no outs . Casilla scored on Lopez 's single to left . The Mariners took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth . Adrian Beltre led off with a double and Raul Ibanez singled to put runners on first and third with no outs . Lopez followed with a single to center to score Beltre and give the Mariners a 3 - 2 lead . The Mariners took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth . Adrian Beltre led off with a double and Raul Ibanez singled to put runners on first and third with no outs . Casilla scored on Lopez 's single to left . The Mariners took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth . Adrian Beltre led off with a double and Raul Ibanez singled to put runners on first and third . Lopez followed with a single to center to score Beltre and give Seattle a 3 - 2 lead . Rowland-Smith ( 3 - 2 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings , striking out five and walking two . He retired the first 10 batters he faced before Alexi Casilla singled to lead off the sixth . Casilla scored when Justin Morneau grounded into a double play . Ruiz then tied the game with a home run . The Mariners regained the lead in the sixth . Adrian Beltre led off with a double and Raul Ibanez singled to put runners on first and third . Lopez followed with a single to center to score Beltre and give the Mariners a 3 - 2 lead . The Mariners took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth . Adrian Beltre led off with a double and Raul Ibanez singled to put runners on first and third . Casilla scored on Lopez 's single to give Seattle a 3 - 2 lead . The Mariners took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth . Adrian Beltre led off with a double and Raul Ibanez singled to put runners on first and third with no outs . Casilla scored on Lopez 's single to left . The Mariners took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth . Adrian Beltre led off with a double and Raul Ibanez singled to put runners on first and third with no outs . Casilla scored on Lopez 's single to left . The Mariners took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth . Adrian Beltre led off with a double and Raul Ibanez singled to put runners on first and third . Lopez followed with a single to left
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- The Atlanta Braves ' biggest comeback win of the season was a big one . Yunel Escobar hit a two - out RBI single in Atlanta 's four - run ninth inning , and the Braves rallied from a four - run deficit to beat the Florida Marlins 10 - 9 on Wednesday night . The Braves , who have the worst record in the majors , won for only the second time in eight games . Will Ohman ( 4 - 0 ) gave up a run in the top of the ninth . Omar Infante led off the ninth with a single off Kevin Gregg ( 6 - 7 ) and scored the tying run on Martin Prado 's double . Kelly Johnson singled and pinch hitter Mark Kotsay was intentionally walked to load the bases before Gregor Blanco hit a grounder to shortstop Yunel Escobar , who threw to second to force out pinch hitter Mark Kotsay for the second out . Gregg ( 6 - 7 ) gave up a single to Kelly Johnson , who scored on Escobar 's single . Mike Jacobs hit a two - run homer off Julian Tavarez in the seventh to make it 8 - 4 . The Braves loaded the bases with no outs in the eighth against Matt Lindstrom on a walk to Martin Prado , a single by Jeff Francoeur and a bunt single by Kelly Johnson . Will Ohman ( 4 - 0 ) gave up an RBI double to Cody Ross , but struck out Wes Helms to end the inning . Braves starter Jair Jurrjens gave up six runs and six hits in three innings . Florida 's Scott Olsen gave up five hits and four runs in 5 1/3 innings . The Braves took a 3 - 0 lead in the first . Yunel Escobar drew a one - out walk and scored on Chipper Jones ' double down the right-field line . Jones scored on Omar Infante 's single , and Jones scored on Jeff Francoeur 's fielder 's choice grounder . The Marlins cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the second . Josh Willingham was hit by a pitch and scored on Ross ' two - run homer . The Marlins took a 6 - 3 lead in the third on RBI doubles by Luis Gonzalez and Dan Uggla and a run-scoring single by Ross . The Braves cut the lead to 6 - 4 in the sixth . Omar Infante led off with a single , moved to second on a wild pitch and scored on Clint Sammons ' single off Mark Hendrickson .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- The Tampa Bay Rays are on a roll . Carlos Pena hit a two - run single in Tampa Bay 's four - run eighth inning and the Rays rallied for a 5 - 3 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . The Rays won for the fourth time in five games and remained two games behind Boston in the AL wild-card race . The White Sox have lost six of their last seven games . The Rays scored three times in the eighth to take a 5 - 3 lead . Dioner Navarro and Gabe Gross started the inning with consecutive singles off Vazquez ( 10 - 11 ) . Matt Thornton walked Akinori Iwamura to force in a run , and B. J. Upton singled in a run before Pena 's two - run single off Matt Thornton . Dan Wheeler pitched the ninth for his eighth save in nine chances . Vazquez ( 10 - 11 ) gave up four runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . Dye hit his second homer of the season in the fourth inning to give the White Sox a 1 - 0 lead . The White Sox added a run in the fifth . Alexei Ramirez led off with a triple and scored on Juan Uribe 's sacrifice fly to make it 2 - 0 . Dye added a solo shot in the sixth for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . The Rays got a run back in the sixth on a two - out RBI single by Akinori Iwamura and an RBI single by Carlos Pena . Dye 's second homer made it 3 - 1 in the sixth .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Miguel Cabrera has been one of the few bright spots for the AL Central leaders . Cabrera homered for the first time in more than a month , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Kansas City Royals 4 - 0 on Wednesday night . Cabrera , who leads the majors with a .292 average , hit a solo homer in the sixth . The Tigers have won five of their last six games . Zach Miner ( 7 - 4 ) allowed three hits in seven shutout innings , striking out three and walking one . Kyle Davies ( 5 - 5 ) gave up four runs on four hits and four walks in six - plus innings . He struck out four . The Royals have lost four straight and six of seven . The Tigers scored their first run in the second when Gary Sheffield led off with a double and scored on Edgar Renteria 's sacrifice fly . Detroit added a run in the fourth when Carlos Guillen walked , took second on a wild pitch and scored on Matt Joyce 's sacrifice fly . The Tigers added a run in the fifth when Curtis Granderson walked , took third on a single by Placido Polanco and scored on Magglio Ordonez 's sacrifice fly . Cabrera led off the sixth with his ninth home run , making it 4 - 0 . Cabrera led off the sixth with his ninth home run , extending his hitting streak to 12 games . Cabrera led off the sixth with his ninth home run , making it 4 - 0 . Cabrera led off the sixth with his ninth homer of the season , a solo shot to left that made it 4 - 0 . Cabrera led off the sixth with his ninth home run , making it 4 - 0 . Cabrera led off the sixth with his ninth home run , making it 4 - 0 . Cabrera led off the sixth with his ninth home run , making it 4 - 0 . Cabrera led off the sixth with his ninth home run , making it 4 - 0 . Cabrera led off the sixth with his ninth home run , making it 4 - 0 . Cabrera led off the sixth with his ninth home run , making it 4 - 0 . Cabrera led off the sixth with his ninth home run , making it 4 - 0 . Cabrera led off the sixth with his ninth home run , making it 4 - 0 . Cabrera led off the sixth with his ninth home run , driving Davies ' 1 - 0 pitch into the Royals ' bullpen in left field . It was his fourth of the season and second in two games . Cabrera led off the sixth with his ninth home run , making it 4 - 0 . Cabrera led off the sixth with his ninth home run , making it 4 - 0 . Cabrera led off the sixth with his ninth home run , making it 4 - 0 . Cabrera led off the sixth with his ninth home run , making it 4 - 0 . Cabrera led off the sixth with his ninth home run , making it 4 - 0 . Cabrera led off the sixth with his ninth home run , making it 4 - 0 . Cabrera led off the bottom of the sixth with his ninth home run to make it 4 - 0 . Cabrera led off the sixth with his ninth home run , making it 4 - 0 . Cabrera led off the sixth with his ninth home run , making it 4 - 0 . Cabrera led off the bottom of the sixth with his ninth home run , making it 4 - 0 . Cabrera led off the sixth with his ninth home run , making it 4 - 0 . Cabrera led off the bottom of the sixth with his ninth home run , making it 4 - 0 . Cabrera led off the sixth with his ninth home run , making it 4 - 0 . Cabrera led off the sixth with a homer to left , his ninth of the season and second in two games . Cabrera led off the sixth with his ninth home run , making it 4 - 0 . Cabrera led off the sixth with a homer to left , his ninth of the season and second in two games . Davies ( 5 - 5 ) gave up four runs and four hits in six - plus innings . He walked four and struck out four . Cabrera led off the sixth with a homer to left , his ninth of the season and second in two games . Cabrera led off the sixth with his ninth home run , making it 4 - 0 . Cabrera led off the sixth with his ninth home run , making it 4 - 0 . Cabrera led off the sixth with his ninth home run , making it 4 - 0 . Cabrera led off the sixth with his ninth home run , making it 4 - 0 . Cabrera led off the sixth with his ninth home run , making it 4 - 0 . Cabrera led off the sixth with a homer to left , his ninth of the season and second in two games . Davies ( 5 - 5 ) gave up four runs and four hits in six - plus innings . He walked four and struck out four .
ANAHEIM , Calif. ( AP ) -- Denard Span was n't sure if he 'd ever hit a home run . Span had three hits and drove in four runs to lead the Minnesota Twins to a 9 - 0 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Friday night . Span has been one of the few bright spots for the three - time All-Star , who leads the majors in batting average ( .325 ) and RBIs ( 38 ) . Span 's three - run homer capped a five - run sixth inning against Joe Saunders ( 14 - 6 ) , who gave up six runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . Perkins ( 11 - 3 ) struck out three , walked two and hit a batter . Joe Saunders ( 14 - 6 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings , striking out no without walking a batter . The Twins chased Saunders with three runs in the sixth , including Delmon Young 's RBI double and Span 's three - run homer off Shane Loux . Shane Loux gave up three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in 3 2/3 innings in his major league debut . Shane Loux gave up three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in 3 2/3 innings . Young hit a two - run homer in the fourth after Joe Mauer was hit by a pitch to lead off the inning . The Twins increased the margin to 3 - 0 in the fifth when Adam Everett singled , Carlos Gomez doubled and scored on Span 's single to make it 3 - 0 . Span 's RBI single made it 3 - 0 in the fifth . The Twins tacked on two more in the seventh against Shane Loux . Joe Mauer led off with a single and moved to second on Morneau 's groundout . Young was hit by a pitch to load the bases , and Mauer scored on Nick Punto 's groundout .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- The Boston Red Sox are on their longest winning streak in nearly a month . Kevin Youkilis homered and drove in three runs , Kevin Youkilis homered and drove in three runs , and the Red Sox beat the Baltimore Orioles 7 - 2 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games . Daisuke Matsuzaka ( 15 - 2 ) gave up two runs and six hits in five innings , walking five and striking out six . Manny Delcarmen gave up two hits in the ninth before getting Aubrey Huff to ground out . Daniel Cabrera ( 8 - 8 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning . Jacoby Ellsbury led off with a single , stole second and took third on a throwing error by catcher Ramon Hernandez . David Ortiz singled in a run and Jason Bay added a sacrifice fly . Varitek led off the second with a drive to center , his eighth of the season and second in two games . The Orioles closed to 3 - 2 in the third on an RBI single by Ramon Hernandez and an RBI single by Luke Scott . Boston made it 6 - 2 in the fifth . Dustin Pedroia led off with a double and scored on a one - out homer by Youkilis . Jason Bay singled and Sean Casey walked before Varitek greeted Alberto Castillo with an RBI double . Boston made it 6 - 2 in the fifth . Dustin Pedroia led off with a double and scored on a one - out homer by Youkilis . Jason Bay singled and Sean Casey walked before Varitek greeted Alberto Castillo with an RBI double . Youkilis added an RBI single in the eighth .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- The Cleveland Indians are on their longest winning streak of the season . The Indians won for the seventh time in nine games , 4 - 3 over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . The Indians have won six of their last seven games , including three in a row . Jeremy Sowers ( 2 - 6 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . Jensen Lewis worked the ninth for his third save . Justin Speier ( 1 - 6 ) gave up one run and three hits in 1 1/3 innings for the loss . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Mark Teixeira and a run-scoring fielder 's choice by Vladimir Guerrero . The Indians tied it in the bottom half on a two - out , two - run single by Franklin Gutierrez . The Indians added a run in the third when Jamey Carroll drew a leadoff walk , took second on Ben Francisco 's single and scored on Garko 's two - out single . Sizemore tied it with an RBI single in the sixth off Justin Speier ( 1 - 6 ) . The Angels tied it at 3 in the fifth . Chone Figgins led off with a single and moved to third on Mark Teixeira 's one - out single . Figgins scored on a passed ball by Fasano . Saunders allowed three runs and eight hits in five innings .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- The Kansas City Royals had a lot to do with it . Esteban German scored the go-ahead run on a wild pitch by Mariano Rivera with one out in the ninth inning and the Royals beat the New York Yankees 4 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Royals won for the fourth time in five games and remained three games ahead of second-place Detroit in the AL Central . Derek Jeter had three hits and drove in a run , and Derek Jeter had three hits for the Yankees , who took two of three from New York . Juan Carlos Oviedo ( 4 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . Mariano Rivera ( 4 - 5 ) gave up a one - out double to Esteban German and a single to Mitch Maier . Rivera then uncorked a wild pitch that allowed German to score the go-ahead run . Joakim Soria pitched the ninth for his 33rd save in 35 chances , giving up a two - out single to Derek Jeter and a walk to Bobby Abreu before getting Jason Giambi to fly out to center . It was Rivera 's second blown save in 35 chances this season . The Yankees loaded the bases with two outs in the ninth against Joakim Soria on a single by Derek Jeter , a walk to Bobby Abreu and a single by Alex Rodriguez . Mark Teahen hit a two - run double off Pettitte in the fifth to make it 3 - 0 . Juan Carlos Oviedo ( 4 - 1 ) got the win with 1 2/3 innings of scoreless relief . Ron Mahay , the fourth Kansas City pitcher , walked Johnny Damon and Derek Jeter with one out in the seventh before Bobby Abreu hit an RBI single . Gordon stole third and scored on Ross Gload 's sacrifice fly . The Yankees cut it to 3 - 1 in the fifth when Molina doubled and scored on Jeter 's one - out single .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Brad Hawpe is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Hawpe homered for the second straight game and the Colorado Rockies beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Hawpe 's homer came in the fifth inning , when the Rockies scored three runs on four hits , including a two - run homer by Brad Hawpe . Hawpe 's homer came on a 3 - 1 count . Hawpe hit a two - run homer off Tim Redding ( 8 - 8 ) in the fifth to give Colorado a 4 - 2 lead . Jorge De La Rosa ( 6 - 6 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings , striking out seven and walking three . Brian Fuentes struck out the side in the ninth for his 23rd save . Tim Redding ( 8 - 8 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Nationals scored a run in the sixth . Austin Kearns was hit by a pitch , moved up on Jesus Flores ' fly ball and scored on Aaron Boone 's groundout to second . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Emilio Bonifacio led off with a double and scored on Ronnie Belliard 's single . The Rockies tied it in the third on a solo homer by Tulowitzki . Zimmerman 's RBI single made it 2 - 1 in the third .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- Glen Perkins was n't sure what to expect . Perkins pitched eight innings of four - hit ball to lead the Minnesota Twins to a 4 - 0 victory over the New York Yankees on Friday night . Perkins ( 9 - 3 ) struck out four and walked three . Joe Nathan struck out the side in the ninth to complete the four - hitter . Sidney Ponson ( 7 - 3 ) gave up four runs on seven hits with two walks and two strikeouts in 7 2/3 innings . New York has lost four straight and six of seven . Everett , who had been in a 1 - for - 18 slump , hit a two - run homer in the second inning to give the Twins a 2 - 0 lead . Denard Span led off the sixth with a double , advanced to third on Nick Punto 's sacrifice and scored on Mauer 's sacrifice fly to make it 3 - 0 . The Twins added a run in the eighth on Justin Morneau 's two - out RBI single off Edwar Ramirez . Carlos Gomez led off the bottom of the eighth with a single , stole second and scored on Morneau 's single to make it 4 - 0 . Edwar Ramirez relieved Ponson and struck out Jason Kubel to end the inning . Everett 's two - run homer in the second off Sidney Ponson ( 7 - 3 ) gave the Twins a 2 - 0 lead . Robinson Cano led off the second with a single and Richie Sexson walked , but Ivan Rodriguez flied out to center and Melky Cabrera grounded into a double play .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- The Chicago Cubs are on a roll . Ryan Dempster pitched effectively into the seventh inning , Ronny Cedeno hit a two - run double and the Cubs beat the St. Louis Cardinals 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Cubs won for the seventh time in nine games and moved within a half-game of first-place Chicago in the NL Central . Dempster ( 13 - 5 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings , and Ronny Cedeno hit a two - run double in a six - run seventh that gave the Cubs a 6 - 0 lead . Dempster ( 13 - 5 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Cesar Izturis singled with one out in the seventh for the Cubs ' first hit . He stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch before scoring on a double by Albert Pujols . Chris Carpenter ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . The Cubs broke it open with four runs in the sixth . Alfonso Soriano led off with a double and scored on Derrek Lee 's one - out single . Aramis Ramirez walked and Jim Edmonds hit a grounder to second baseman Adam Kennedy , who threw to second for an error , allowing Lee to score . Ramirez scored on Mark DeRosa 's sacrifice fly to make it 6 - 0 . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Aramis Ramirez singled and moved to third on Jim Edmonds ' fly out to right . Ramirez scored on Mark DeRosa 's sacrifice fly . The Cardinals got a run back in the fifth on Skip Schumaker 's single and a walk to Joe Mather , but Pujols popped out and Ryan Ludwick grounded out to end the inning . The Cubs added three runs in the sixth . Alfonso Soriano led off with a double and scored on Lee 's one - out single . Aramis Ramirez walked and Jim Edmonds hit a grounder to second baseman Adam Kennedy , who threw wildly to second for an error , allowing Ramirez to score . Aramis Ramirez , who had two hits , scored twice and drove in a run for the Cubs , who have won four of their last five series against St. Louis . Aramis Ramirez had two hits and scored twice for the Cubs , who have won four of their last five series against St. Louis . Aramis Ramirez had two hits and scored two runs for the Cubs , who have won three of four against St. Louis this season . Aramis Ramirez had two hits and scored two runs for the Cubs , who have won four of their last five series against St. Louis . Aramis Ramirez had two hits and scored twice for the Cubs , who improved to 6 - 1 against St. Louis this season . Aramis Ramirez had two hits and scored twice for the Cubs , who improved to 6 - 1 against St. Louis this season .
PHILADELPHIA -- Freddy Sanchez has been one of the few bright spots for the Philadelphia Phillies . Sanchez hit a tiebreaking RBI double in the 12th inning and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Philadelphia Phillies 2 - 0 on Sunday to complete a three - game sweep . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . Ryan Doumit led off the 12th with a double off Les Walr( 0 - 1 ) and scored on Steve Pearce 's double to right . Jose Bautista was intentionally walked to load the bases and Clay Condrey relieved Clay Condrey . Sanchez singled to right to score Steve Pearce . The Phillies had runners on first and second with one out in the 12th , but Chase Utley lined out to second baseman Chase Utley , who stepped on second and threw to first to double off Rollins . The Phillies , who have lost five of their last six games , dropped to 1 - 5 on their nine - game road trip . Craig Hansen pitched the 12th for his third save in four tries . The Pirates won for the fifth time in six games and improved to 5 - 0 against the Phillies this season . Philadelphia 's Joe Blanton allowed one hit in seven shutout innings , striking out seven and walking two . Joe Blanton gave up one hit in seven shutout innings , striking out seven and walking two . The Phillies were shut out for the fifth time this season and second time in three games . They were 0 - for - 7 with runners in scoring position . The Pirates have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- The Detroit Tigers had a lot to do with it . Magglio Ordonez hit a two - run triple in Detroit 's three - run ninth inning and the Tigers beat the Chicago White Sox 8 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight victory . The Tigers have won six of their last seven games . Zach Miner ( 6 - 4 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in six innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Fernando Rodney got the final four outs for his second save . Javier Vazquez ( 8 - 10 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked four . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third inning to give the Tigers a 2 - 0 lead . The Tigers added three runs in the fifth . Placido Polanco hit a one - out double and scored on Carlos Guillen 's triple to make it 3 - 0 . Miguel Cabrera 's RBI single made it 4 - 0 . The White Sox cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the bottom of the fifth when Nick Swisher doubled and scored on Juan Uribe 's double . The White Sox cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the sixth . Paul Konerko singled with one out and moved to second on a wild pitch before Alexei Ramirez singled to center . Ken Griffey Jr. was called out on a close play at the plate to end the inning . The White Sox had runners on first and third with two outs in the eighth , but Rodney got Alexei Ramirez to fly out to end the inning . Granderson led off the ninth with a single off Adam Russell and moved to second on a sacrifice bunt by Polanco . Carlos Guillen was intentionally walked before Ordonez hit a two - run triple and Matt Joyce hit an RBI double .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Jacoby Ellsbury had a big night at the plate . Ellsbury hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs to lead the Boston Red Sox to an 8 - 2 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . Ellsbury had three hits , including a home run , and drove in three runs . Jacoby Ellsbury hit a three - run homer off Ron Mahay in the seventh , and Jacoby Ellsbury hit a three - run shot off Ron Mahay in the seventh to help the Red Sox win for the seventh time in eight games . Wakefield ( 7 - 8 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked none . Luke Hochevar ( 6 - 10 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Red Sox scored three runs in the fifth inning on a two - run double by Jed Lowrie and a run-scoring single by Ortiz . Ross Gload drove in two runs with a single in the fifth , and Billy Butler had three hits for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Drew 's two - out single in the sixth scored Jason Bay and Jacoby Ellsbury , who had singled , and Jason Bay , who singled . The Red Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh , but Ramon Ramirez came in and retired Alex Cora on a grounder to end the inning . The Red Sox loaded the bases with one out in the first on singles by Drew and Jed Lowrie and a walk to Jed Lowrie . Hochevar escaped the jam when Mike Lowell lined out to third baseman Mike Lowell , who doubled Drew off second to end the inning . The Red Sox loaded the bases with one out in the first , but Mike Lowell lined out to third baseman Mike Lowell , who doubled Drew off third to end the inning .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Albert Pujols was n't sure if he 'd ever hit a grand slam . Pujols had four hits , including a grand slam , and drove in four runs to lead the St. Louis Cardinals to a 9 - 6 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Friday night . Pujols ' homer was his 30th of the season and 513th of his career , moving him past Eddie Murray into sole possession of 16th place on the career list . Pujols is the first St. Louis player to homer in his first four plate appearances , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Pujols had been 0 - for - 4 with a walk in his previous four games . Pujols ' grand slam in the fourth off Derek Lowe ( 8 - 10 ) put the Cardinals ahead 8 - 3 . Joel Pineiro ( 4 - 5 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out two and walked none . Chris Perez got the last five outs for his first save . Derek Lowe ( 8 - 10 ) gave up eight runs and 13 hits in 3 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a wild pitch by Lowe . The Dodgers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Ramirez 's leadoff homer and Angel Berroa 's triple . The Dodgers took a 3 - 1 lead in the third . Matt Kemp doubled and scored on Ramirez 's two - out single . The Cardinals tied it in the bottom half on Ludwick 's RBI single and Yadier Molina 's RBI single .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) -- Ryan Howard has been one of the most dangerous hitters in the major leagues . Howard homered for the first time in more than a month and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Florida Marlins 5 - 0 on Wednesday night . Howard is hitting .244 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last seven games . The NL East-leading Phillies won for the 10th time in 12 games and improved to a season-high 10 games over .500 . Kyle Kendrick ( 10 - 5 ) gave up four hits and five walks in six innings , striking out four . The Marlins , who have lost five of their last six games , were held to five hits . Anibal Sanchez ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and five hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Shane Victorino walked with one out and scored on Utley 's one - out double to right-center . Geoff Jenkins reached on an error by Sanchez to start the bottom of the inning and Chris Coste was hit by a pitch . Eric Bruntlett followed with a double to right to score Jenkins and make it 2 - 0 . Coste scored on Kyle Kendrick 's groundout . Howard led off the bottom of the third with a shot to left for a 4 - 0 lead . The Phillies added a run in the sixth . Eric Bruntlett led off with a single , stole second and went to third on a throwing error by second baseman Dan Uggla . ak was replaced by Doug Waechter , who gave up an RBI single to pinch-hitter Mike Cerak to make it 5 - 0 . The Phillies added a run in the sixth off Doug Waechter . Eric Bruntlett led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on a throwing error by second baseman Dan Uggla . Bruntlett scored on Mike Cerak 's single to right . Jimmy Rollins followed with a double , but Waechter retired Chase Utley and Howard .
DENVER ( AP ) -- Willie Harris was n't sure what to do . Harris hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs to lead the Washington Nationals to a 9 - 4 win over the Colorado Rockies on Friday night . It was Harris ' third home run of the season and his second in two games . The Nationals have won four of their last five games . Tim Redding ( 8 - 6 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked three . Aaron Cook ( 14 - 7 ) gave up seven runs -- five earned -- and 11 hits in 5 2/3 innings . The Rockies took a 3 - 0 lead in the first . Clint Barmes led off with a single , Troy Tulowitzki walked and Matt Holliday hit an RBI double . Brad Hawpe followed with a two - run single to center . The Nationals got a run back in the second on a solo homer by Jesus Flores , who was recalled from Triple-A Colorado Springs earlier in the day . The Nationals made it 5 - 3 in the third on a single by Tim Redding , a single by Emilio Bonifacio and a walk to Austin Kearns . Saul Rivera relieved Redding and got pinch-hitter Omar Quintanilla to ground into a fielder 's choice , allowing Garrett Atkins to score . The Nationals added two more runs in the sixth . Ronnie Belliard led off with a pinch-hit single and scored on Harris ' two - run homer off Matt Herges .
ANAHEIM , Calif. ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Angels have n't had a winning record since the All-Star break . Chone Figgins drew a bases-loaded walk with two outs in the ninth inning to force in Torii Hunter with the winning run , and the Angels beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 5 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight victory . The Angels have won six of their last eight games , and their magic number for clinching the AL West remained at three . Nick Markakis had two hits and three RBIs for the Orioles , including a two - run double in the ninth . Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) got the win despite giving up two unearned runs in the top of the ninth . George Sherrill ( 3 - 5 ) gave up a leadoff double in the ninth by Hunter , who advanced to third on Garret Anderson 's groundout and scored on Chone Figgins ' bases-loaded walk . Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) gave up two unearned runs and two hits in one - third of an inning for the win . Nick Markakis had two hits and three RBIs for the Orioles , including a two - run double in the ninth off Scot Shields . Angels starter Joe Saunders gave up one run and six hits over six innings , struck out two and walked two . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Mark Teixeira 's RBI single . Guerrero hit a two - run homer in the third after Mark Teixeira singled and Garret Anderson walked . The Angels increased their margin to 5 - 0 in the fourth . Jeff Mathis was hit by a pitch , Chone Figgins walked and Vladimir Guerrero hit into a fielder 's choice . Figgins scored on a fielder 's choice grounder by Vladimir Guerrero , and Garret Anderson followed with an RBI single . The Orioles got one run back in the fifth when Luke Scott was hit by a pitch from Joe Saunders and Jay Payton walked to load the bases with one out . Nick Markakis drove in Scott with a groundout , but Mora lined out to third to end the inning .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) -- Matt Cain did n't have his best stuff . Cain pitched 6 2/3 solid innings , and the San Francisco Giants beat the Atlanta Braves 4 - 2 on Tuesday night to snap a four - game losing streak . Cain ( 7 - 9 ) allowed one run and five hits , walked five and struck out six to win for just the second time in his last seven starts . Omar Infante , Omar Infante and Omar Infante each drove in a run for the Braves , who won for the fourth time in five games . Casey Kotchman hit a one - out double in the eighth and scored on Jeff Francoeur 's groundout to make it 4 - 2 . Brian Wilson pitched the ninth for his 31st save in 33 chances . Jair Jurrjens ( 9 - 7 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out one . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the third . Randy Winn and Ivan Ochoa singled to start the inning before Fred Lewis hit into a fielder 's choice . Winn scored on Rowand 's single to right . Ivan Ochoa followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 0 . The Braves scored their only run in the sixth when Casey Kotchman hit a two - out triple and scored on Omar Infante 's single . The Giants added a run in the sixth when Holm singled with one out and scored on Randy Winn 's two - out double . Omar Infante doubled off Jack Taschner with one out in the eighth and scored on Jeff Francoeur 's groundout to make it 4 - 2 .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- The Kansas City Royals are starting to show signs of life . Mike Aviles had four hits , including a home run , and drove in three runs , and the Royals beat the Chicago White Sox 14 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Royals have won four of their last five games and are a season-high 10 games over .500 . Zack Greinke ( 9 - 7 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings , striking out six without a walk . Clayton Richard ( 0 - 2 ) gave up nine runs , six earned , on 11 hits in 4 1/3 innings . The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . The Royals scored five runs in the second inning , including a two - run double by Miguel Olivo and a two - run homer by Mike Aviles . Guillen added a solo shot in the third , his eighth of the season and second in two games . The Royals tacked on five more runs in the fifth , including a two - run double by Ross Gload and a two - run double by Ross Gload . Butler 's double in the sixth scored Mark Teahen and Jose Guillen . The White Sox scored two runs in the seventh on a single by Brian Anderson , a run-scoring triple by Dewayne Wise and Toby Hall 's RBI single . The Royals added two runs in the eighth on John Buck 's RBI double and Mitch Maier 's RBI single .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- The Kansas City Royals are starting to look like a playoff contender . Miguel Olivo hit a solo homer in the eighth inning and the Royals rallied from a three - run deficit to beat the Chicago White Sox 9 - 7 on Tuesday night . The Royals , who have the worst record in the American League , have won six of their last seven games . Kyle Davies ( 5 - 2 ) gave up three runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings for the win . Joakim Soria got the final five outs for his 31st save in 32 opportunities . Mark Buehrle ( 8 - 10 ) gave up eight runs and 14 hits in 4 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . Thome and Konerko hit back-to-back homers in the second inning for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Butler 's two - run homer in the third inning gave the Royals a 3 - 0 lead . The Royals answered with three runs in the fourth . Mike Aviles led off the inning with a double and scored on Esteban German 's single . Buehrle was replaced by Ehren Wassermann , who gave up a single to Billy Butler . Buehrle was replaced by Ehren Wassermann , who gave up a two - run triple to German in the fifth . Anderson and Dye hit back-to-back homers in the eighth off Ron Mahay , who was making his major league debut . Ramon Ramirez came in and gave up an RBI double to Alexei Ramirez and a sacrifice fly to A. J. Pierzynski that made it 8 - 7 . Anderson and Dye homered in the eighth off Ron Mahay , and pinch-hitter A. J. Pierzynski 's sacrifice fly tied it .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- Joe Mauer is making the most of his opportunity . Mauer homered for the second straight game and the Minnesota Twins beat the Cleveland Indians 4 - 1 on Friday night for their fifth straight victory . Mauer 's homer was the first of his career and the second of the season for the Twins , who have won six of their last seven games . Mauer is hitting .319 with four homers and 11 RBIs in his last 10 games . Mauer hit a two - run homer off Jeremy Sowers ( 1 - 6 ) in the seventh inning to give the Twins a 3 - 1 lead . Nick Blackburn ( 8 - 6 ) gave up one run and six hits in seven innings for the win . Joe Nathan pitched the ninth for his 30th save in 33 chances . Jeremy Sowers ( 1 - 6 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four without a walk . Twins shortstop Adam Everett left the game in the sixth inning after he was hit on the left hand by a pitch from Indians starter Jeremy Sowers ( 1 - 6 ) . He was replaced by Denard Span in the bottom of the inning . Jhonny Peralta 's RBI single tied the game in the seventh , but Blackburn struck out Jamey Carroll with the bases loaded to end the inning . The Indians tied it in the seventh . Kelly Shoppach led off with a double and Ryan Garko followed with a single to put runners at the corners with no outs . Jhonny Peralta followed with an RBI single to tie the game at 1 . The Twins , who have the worst record in the American League , have won six of their last seven games .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) -- The Philadelphia Phillies are on their longest winning streak of the season . So Taguchi had three hits and drove in three runs to lead the Philadelphia Phillies to an 8 - 3 victory over the Washington Nationals on Friday night . The NL East-leading Phillies remained two games ahead of Atlanta in the NL East . Lou Marson hit a two - run homer in Philadelphia 's three - run eighth , and So Taguchi and Eric Bruntlett had two hits apiece for the Phillies , who have won four of five . The Phillies trailed 3 - 1 in the fourth when So Taguchi hit a two - run single off Odalis Perez ( 7 - 12 ) to tie it at 3 . Jayson Werth and Jayson Werth scored on Eric Bruntlett 's double to give the Phillies a 4 - 3 lead . Les Walrrson ( 1 - 1 ) tossed two scoreless innings to earn the win . Odalis Perez ( 7 - 12 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Eric Bruntlett singled , Tadahito Iguchi doubled and Bruntlett scored on a wild pitch . Luke Montz tied it in the third with a solo homer to right . The Nationals took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth . Anderson Hernandez led off with a double and scored on Kory Casto 's double . Alberto Gonzalez added an RBI single to make it 3 - 1 . The Phillies took a 4 - 3 lead in the fourth on a two - run single by So Taguchi and an RBI double by Eric Bruntlett . Ryan Howard singled with two outs in the sixth and scored on So Taguchi 's triple to right .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- The St. Louis Cardinals are on a roll . Ryan Ludwick homered and drove in three runs , Felipe Lopez had four hits and drove in three runs , and the Cardinals beat the Cincinnati Reds 11 - 4 on Tuesday night . Albert Pujols and Brendan Ryan each had two hits and an RBI for the Cardinals , who have won three of four . The Cardinals have won six of their last seven overall and are 5 - 0 at home this season . Brad Thompson ( 6 - 3 ) gave up three runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out one and walked one . Adam Petjo<HOME> ( 0 - 1 ) gave up eight runs and seven hits in two - plus innings in his first start of the season . Ludwick hit a two - run homer in the first off Adam Pet<HOME> ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up eight runs and seven hits in two - plus innings in his first start of the season . Troy Glaus homered for the second straight game and Brendan Ryan added an RBI double for the Cardinals , who have won three of four . The Reds have lost four of five . Encarnacion hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Reds , who have lost three of four . Jerry Hairston Jr. doubled and scored on Joey Votto 's sacrifice fly in the first for the Reds , who have lost four of five . The Cardinals scored three runs in the second on a single by Brad Thompson , an RBI single by Izturis and an RBI double by Felipe Lopez . Encarnacion hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Reds , who have lost four in a row and six of seven .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- Vernon Wells was n't sure what to expect from his teammates . Wells homered twice and drove in five runs to lead the Toronto Blue Jays to a 10 - 1 rout of the Baltimore Orioles on Friday night . It was the second multihomer game of Wells ' career and the second of his career . It was his first two - homer game since July 7 , 2007 , against the Yankees . Wells ' fifth career multihomer game came on a 1 - 2 pitch from Alfredo Simon , who gave up four runs and four hits in two innings . Jesse Litsch ( 13 - 9 ) gave up one run and three hits in seven innings , striking out five and walking one . Jeremy Guthrie ( 10 - 12 ) gave up three runs and six hits in four - plus innings . Wells put the Blue Jays up 6 - 0 in the fifth with a three - run homer off Alfredo Simon . The Blue Jays batted around in a four - run eighth against Bob McCrory . Scutaro singled in a run , Brad Wilkerson hit an RBI single and Kevin Mench followed with an RBI single off Randor Bierd . The Blue Jays made it 10 - 1 in the bottom half . Wells led off with a drive to left , his 10th of the season and second in two games . Lyle Overbay and Scott Rolen singled before Vernon Wells drove in a run with a single . Overbay led off the fourth with a drive to left , his 12th of the season and second in two games . Mora hit an RBI double in the sixth to make it 7 - 1 , but Litsch struck out Aubrey Huff with runners at the corners to end the inning . The Blue Jays batted around in a four - run eighth against Bob McCrory . Scutaro singled in a run , Brad Wilkerson hit an RBI single and pinch-hitter Kevin Mench singled in a run off Randor Bierd .
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- Vladimir Guerrero was n't sure if he 'd ever hit two home runs . Guerrero hit his first two home runs of the season in the ninth inning to give the Los Angeles Angels a 6 - 4 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Friday night . Guerrero has been one of the few bright spots for the AL West leaders , who have won six of their last seven games . Scot Shields worked the ninth for his fourth save in six chances . Putz ( 6 - 5 ) gave up two runs on two hits and a walk in one inning . With one out in the ninth , Mark Teixeira singled off Putz ( 6 - 5 ) . Guerrero then drove a first-pitch fastball over the wall in left-center for his 21st home run of the season . The Angels took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth on Vladimir Guerrero 's second home run of the game , a two - run shot off Randy Messenger . Jose Arredondo ( 10 - 2 ) got the win despite giving up a tying two - run homer to Yuniesky Betancourt in the seventh that tied the game at 4 . The Angels added a run in the seventh on Torii Hunter 's two - out RBI single off reliever Sean Green . The Mariners took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Ibanez 's RBI single and Wladimir Balentien 's RBI double . The Angels got a run back in the second on Mike Napoli 's sacrifice fly . Guerrero led off the sixth with a homer off Randy Messenger , who was making his major league debut . Torii Hunter followed with a single , stole second and scored on Matthews ' grounder .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Micah Hoffpauir has been on a tear since coming off the disabled list . Hoffpauir hit a pair of two - run homers , Carlos Beltran singled home the winning run in the bottom of the ninth and the New York Mets rallied for a 7 - 6 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Hoffpauir , who had a career-high five hits , hit a three - run homer off Ricardo Rincon in the seventh to give the Cubs a 6 - 3 lead . Jose Reyes led off the bottom half with a single off Kevin Hart ( 2 - 2 ) and stole second . After David Wright struck out , Carlos Delgado was intentionally walked to bring up Beltran . Joe Smith ( 6 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Bob Howry gave up an RBI single to Robinson Cancel and an RBI single to Robinson Cancel in the eighth . The Cubs loaded the bases with one out in the ninth against Pedro Feliciano on a single by Mike Fontenot , a wild pitch and an intentional walk to Kosuke Fukudome . Brian Stokes came in and got Casey McGehee to fly out , then struck out Damion Hill to end the inning . David Wright led off the eighth with a single off Neal Cotts and scored on Ramon Martinez 's two - out single . Cancel then gave up a tying single to Robinson Cancel , but pinch-hitter Damion Easley struck out to end the inning . Cubs starter Rich Harden gave up two hits and three runs -- two earned -- in six innings . He struck out four and walked five . The Cubs scored twice in the first on a solo homer by Hoffpauir and an RBI single by Casey McGehee . Ryan Theriot walked to lead off the third and scored on Hoffpauir 's double to make it 3 - 1 . Ryan Church tied it with a two - run double in the fourth .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) -- Clint Barmes had a big night at the plate . Barmes tied a career high with four hits , including a three - run homer , and the Colorado Rockies beat the San Francisco Giants 15 - 6 on Tuesday night . Barmes went 4 - for - 5 with a walk and four RBIs . Barmes , who had four hits , drove in four runs and scored four times , including a two - run double in the fifth that gave the Rockies a 14 - 2 lead . Livan Hernandez ( 13 - 11 ) allowed five runs and 12 hits in seven innings to win his third straight start . Jonathan Sanchez ( 9 - 12 ) gave up seven runs and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out three . The Rockies scored three runs in the first on Iannetta 's two - run double and Ryan Spilborghs ' RBI single . Barmes , who had four hits , hit a solo homer in the second to make it 4 - 1 . It was Barmes ' first home run since Aug. 19 , 2007 , at Colorado . Aaron Rowand and Eugenio Velez had two hits apiece for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Barmes hit a two - run double in the fourth and finished with three RBIs for the Rockies , who have won four of five . The Rockies scored seven runs in the fifth to take a 14 - 2 lead . Clint Barmes had an RBI single and Matt Holliday drove in a run with a fielder 's choice . The Giants scored in the seventh when Holm doubled and scored on Nate Schierholtz 's double .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Atlanta Braves have n't had a winning season . Mike Hampton pitched into the sixth inning , Pedro Feliz had an RBI double and the Braves beat the Philadelphia Phillies 3 - 2 on Wednesday night . The Braves won for the fifth time in six games and remained two games behind first-place Philadelphia in the NL East . Hampton ( 3 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits , striking out four in six innings . Mike Gonzalez pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 15 chances . Cole Hamels ( 14 - 10 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Phillies have lost four straight and six of seven . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Martin Prado doubled and scored on Kelly Johnson 's single . The Phillies tied it in the second . Ryan Howard led off with a single and Pat Burrell walked . Shane Victorino grounded into a double play , but Pedro Feliz singled to right to tie it at 1 . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the third . Kelly Johnson led off with a single and moved to second on Omar Infante 's one - out single . One out later , Johnson scored on a fielder 's choice grounder by Kotchman to give the Braves a 2 - 1 lead . Kotchman hit a two - out homer in the sixth to give the Braves a 3 - 1 lead . The Phillies cut it to 3 - 2 in the sixth . Ryan Howard led off with a triple and scored on Pat Burrell 's double to right to cut it to 3 - 2 .
BOSTON ( AP ) -- The Cleveland Indians are on their longest winning streak of the season . Kevin Youkilis had three hits and drove in two runs , Kevin Youkilis had three hits and the Indians beat the Boston Red Sox 4 - 3 on Wednesday night . The Indians won for the seventh time in eight games and moved within one game of first-place Detroit in the AL Central . The Red Sox lost for the fourth time in five games . The Red Sox had runners on second and third with one out in the seventh , but Rafael Betancourt struck out Jed Lowrie and got Mark Kotsay to fly out to right to end the inning . Zach Jackson ( 1 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings , walking four and striking out four . Jensen Lewis worked the ninth for his 12th save in 13 opportunities . Josh Beckett ( 12 - 10 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out six . The Indians took a 4 - 1 lead in the fifth on RBI singles by Jamey Carroll and Shin-Soo Choo and a run-scoring groundout by Travis Hafner . Ortiz 's homer cut it to 4 - 2 in the fifth , but the Indians went ahead 4 - 1 in the bottom of the inning . Ben Francisco doubled with two outs and Ryan Garko was hit by a pitch with two outs . Beckett then hit Kelly Shoppach with a pitch to load the bases before Cabrera walked to force in a run . Beckett struck out Grady Sizemore to end the inning . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Jacoby Ellsbury singled , David Ortiz walked and Kevin Youkilis doubled down the right-field line to tie it .
MIAMI ( AP ) -- The Philadelphia Phillies ' bullpen has been a problem . Greg Dobbs drove in the go-ahead run in the sixth inning , Shane Victorino homered and the Phillies beat the Florida Marlins 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Phillies won for only the second time in their past nine games . Blanton ( 8 - 12 ) allowed two runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out nine and walked two . Brad Lidge pitched around a leadoff walk in the ninth to earn his 39th save in as many chances . Anibal Sanchez ( 2 - 5 ) gave up three runs , two earned , and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked three . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Carlos Ruiz reached on an error by first baseman Jorge Cantu , then advanced to third on a throwing error by first baseman Jorge Cantu . Chase Utley drove in Ruiz with a single to center . The Marlins went ahead 2 - 1 in the third . Alfredo Amezaga led off with a single , Cameron Maybin singled and John Baker hit a two - run double to center . Victorino 's first homer of the season tied it at 2 in the fourth . The Phillies took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth . Ryan Howard drew a one - out walk , Pat Burrell walked and Logan Kensing came on to face Dobbs , who drove in Howard with a single to center . The Marlins threatened in the seventh , loading the bases with one out , but Chad Durbin struck out Cameron Maybin and John Baker to end the inning . The Marlins had runners on second and third with no outs in the eighth , but Ryan Madson struck out Cameron Maybin and John Baker .
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) -- The Oakland Athletics are finally starting to find a way to win . Daric Barton singled home the go-ahead run in the eighth inning and the A 's rallied from a four - run deficit to beat the Seattle Mariners 8 - 7 on Wednesday night . The A 's won for the 10th time in 12 games and moved within one game of first-place Texas in the AL West . Rob Bowen hit a tying two - run double in the sixth inning for the A 's , who won for the fourth time in five games . Pinch-hitter Carlos Gonzalez singled off Justin Thomas ( 0 - 1 ) to start the eighth and advanced to third on Travis Buck 's single to right . Barton 's single off Miguel Batista gave the A 's an insurance run . Brad Ziegler pitched the ninth for his 11th save in 12 chances . Bryan LaHair hit a two - run homer in the second for the Mariners , who have lost four straight and six of seven . Jeff Baisley hit a two - run single in the second and Rob Bowen drove in two runs for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Luis Valbuena doubled to lead off the third and scored when Yuniesky Betancourt grounded into a double play . Kenji Johjima hit a two - run single in the fourth and Bryan LaHair hit a two - run homer for the Mariners . The A 's scored four times in the fourth on a two - run single by Jeff Baisley and a two - run single by Rob Bowen to make it 5 - 4 . Bobby Crosby and Cliff Pennington singled off Cesar Jimenez in the sixth and scored on Carlos Gonzalez 's single to make it 7 - 5 . Roy Corcoran came in and gave up a tying two - run double to Bowen .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- Johnny Cueto was n't sure what to expect . Cueto gave up two runs in six innings , and the Cincinnati Reds rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Micah Owings hit a two - run single in the sixth inning off CC Sabathia ( 15 - 10 ) , who gave up four runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . Johnny Cueto ( 9 - 13 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Francisco Cordero gave up a solo homer by Rickie Weeks Jr. in the ninth before striking out Prince Fielder for his 32nd save in 38 chances . CC Sabathia ( 15 - 10 ) gave up four runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . Sabathia ( 15 - 10 ) gave up four runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jerry Hairston Jr. 's leadoff single , Jeff Keppinger 's single and Joey Votto 's RBI single . The Brewers took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth . Ryan Braun led off with a single and scored on Prince Fielder 's double down the right-field line . Corey Hart singled and Rickie Weeks Jr. tripled into the right-field corner for a 2 - 1 lead . The Reds loaded the bases with no outs in the sixth on a single by Joey Votto , a walk to Phillips and a double by pinch hitter Brad Patterson . Patterson was called out on a close play at first base on Corey Patterson 's sacrifice bunt . Bill Bray came on and retired pinch hitter Bill Hall on a popup , then got pinch hitter Bill Hall to pop up to end the threat .
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Angels are finally starting to find a way to win . Francisco Rodriguez came on with the bases loaded and one out in the ninth inning and the Angels held on for a 6 - 4 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . The Angels , who have won six of their last eight games , moved within one game of first-place Texas in the AL West . Joe Saunders ( 16 - 7 ) allowed six hits over seven innings , struck out four and walked three . Jason Bulger started the ninth by hitting Chris Denorfia with a pitch , then walked Bobby Crosby and Cliff Pennington to load the bases . Carlos Gonzalez followed with an RBI single to make it 6 - 1 , and Aaron Cunningham drove in a run with a fielder 's choice . Francisco Rodriguez came in and got Ryan Sweeney to ground out to end the game . Josh Outman ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . Kendrys Morales and Brandon Wood hit back-to-back homers in the seventh for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Morales and Wood hit back-to-back homers in the seventh off Keith Foulke . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Reggie Willits drew a leadoff walk and scored on Mark Teixeira 's single . The Angels added a run in the fifth when Mark Teixeira walked , Torii Hunter singled and Robb Quinlan hit an RBI single off Santiago Casilla . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Teixeira 's RBI single .
PHOENIX ( AP ) -- Brandon Webb was n't going to let a one - run lead slip away . Webb pitched seven strong innings and drove in two runs , leading the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 7 - 6 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Friday night . Webb ( 21 - 7 ) allowed three runs , two earned , and eight hits . He struck out two and walked two . Omar Vizquel had a two - run double and Rich Aurilia drove in a run with a groundout in the ninth for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Webb 's two - run double in the second off Jonathan Sanchez ( 21 - 11 ) tied it at 3 , and Stephen Drew followed with an RBI single . Upton 's 21st home run of the season put the Diamondbacks up 6 - 3 . Sanchez ( 9 - 11 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He struck out four and walked three . The Giants jumped on Webb for three runs in the first . Dave Roberts led off with a single and scored on Pablo Sandoval 's one - out double . Bengie Molina followed with an RBI single , and Bengie Molina scored on John Bowker 's fielder 's choice . Drew doubled to lead off the bottom of the first and advanced to third on Justin Upton 's groundout . Drew scored on Conor Jackson 's sacrifice fly to left . The Diamondbacks tied it in the bottom of the inning on Webb 's two - run double and Stephen Drew 's RBI single . Upton 's two - run homer made it 6 - 3 . Eckstein led off the sixth with a home run off Kevin Correia to make it 7 - 3 . Eckstein led off the sixth with a homer off Kevin Correia to make it 7 - 3 . The Giants threatened in the seventh when Roberts walked with two outs , but Randy Winn struck out .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- The Cleveland Indians have been waiting for their most consistent pitching staff . Victor Martinez hit a three - run homer in the 11th inning to give Cleveland a 12 - 9 win over the Minnesota Twins on Wednesday night . Asdrubal Cabrera hit a two - run homer and Grady Sizemore also went deep for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Franklin Gutierrez singled off Nathan ( 0 - 2 ) to start the 11th and advanced to second on Ben Francisco 's sacrifice . Jhonny Peralta drew a one - out walk before Martinez hit a 1 - 1 pitch into the seats in right . Tom Mastny ( 2 - 2 ) pitched the 11th for the win . The Indians have won four of five . Rafael Betancourt walked Denard Span leading off the eighth and then walked Joe Mauer with one out . Morneau followed with a double to right to tie it at 8 . Jason Kubel was intentionally walked to load the bases and Delmon Young hit a sacrifice fly off Edward Mujica to make it 9 - 8 . Asdrubal Cabrera hit a solo homer in the second for Minnesota , which has lost four of five . The Indians scored three unearned runs in the third off Francisco Liriano . Delmon Young and Brian Buscher started the inning with singles and both runners moved up on Nick Punto 's sacrifice bunt . Carlos Gomez hit a two - run single off Juan Rincon to make it 8 - 7 . Mauer 's RBI single made it 8 - 4 , and Morneau drove in Tolbert with a groundout to make it 8 - 5 . The Twins loaded the bases with one out in the seventh , but Brendan Donnelly got Carlos Gomez to line into a double play .
MIAMI ( AP ) -- Jorge Cantu is hitting the ball out of the park for the first time in his career . Cantu hit a three - run homer and the Florida Marlins beat the Houston Astros 5 - 1 on Wednesday night . Cantu hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a run-scoring double in the sixth to back Chris Volstad ( 5 - 3 ) , who allowed one run and four hits in eight innings . He struck out four , walked none and lowered his ERA to 3.07 , best in the majors . Cantu 's homer was his fourth of the season and second in as many games . Volstad struck out four , walked none and lowered his ERA to 3.07 . Roy Oswalt ( 15 - 10 ) struck out a career-high 10 in six - plus innings , but was charged with five runs and seven hits . The Astros have lost five of their past six games . Cantu hit a three - run homer in the first , and Cody Ross added an RBI double to make it 4 - 0 in the first . The Marlins added a run in the second when Hanley Ramirez singled and scored on Mike Jacobs ' two - out double . Florida made it 5 - 0 in the second when Hanley Ramirez singled , took third on a passed ball and scored on a two - out double by Mike Jacobs . Michael Bourn led off the eighth with a double and scored on Kaz Matsui 's groundout . Pinch-hitter Kazuo Matsui drove in Bourn with a groundout , and Darin Erstad singled to put runners at first and second with two outs . Arthur Rhodes came in and retired pinch hitter Mark Loretta on a fly to center to end the inning . The Astros had runners on first and third with one out in the ninth , but Nelson struck out Hunter Pence and got Mark Loretta to fly out to end the inning . The Astros threatened in the ninth when Geoff Blum singled with one out , but Nelson struck out Hunter Pence and got Mark Loretta to fly out to end the game .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- Ryan Shealy is making a habit of getting a big hit . Shealy homered twice and drove in a career-high five runs to lead the Kansas City Royals to a 13 - 3 win over the Cleveland Indians on Friday night . Shealy , who had a pair of three - run homers in Friday 's 11 - 5 win over the White Sox , is hitting .370 with three homers and seven RBIs in his last six games . Shealy , who had three hits , drove in five runs and Mike Aviles had three hits and scored three times . Brian Bannister ( 8 - 15 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . David DeJesus hit a two - run single in Kansas City 's four - run fourth off Edward Mujica ( 2 - 2 ) . Jose Guillen added a two - run double and Alberto Callaspo drove in two runs for Kansas City , which has won four of five . Shealy , who had three hits , drove in a run with a single in the eighth . The Indians took a 3 - 0 lead in the first . Grady Sizemore led off with a double , Jamey Carroll walked and scored on Jhonny Peralta 's single . Victor Martinez followed with a sacrifice fly and Ryan Garko added an RBI single . Shealy 's homer in the second off Jeremy Sowers made it 3 - 1 . The Royals tied it in the third on Alberto Callaspo 's RBI double and Ryan Shealy 's RBI single . DeJesus hit a two - run single off Juan Rincon in the fourth and Jose Guillen drove in two more with a double off Juan Rincon to make it 7 - 3 . Callaspo 's RBI single off Rafael Betancourt made it 8 - 3 in the sixth . Guillen added an RBI single off Juan Rincon .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- Nate McLouth is starting to feel comfortable at the plate . McLouth homered and drove in two runs to lead the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 7 - 2 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Friday night . McLouth , who had a two - run double and a double , is batting just .282 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his past 10 games . LaRoche 's two - run double in the second off Brad Thompson ( 5 - 3 ) made it 5 - 0 , and Brandon Moss added an RBI single in the bottom of the inning . McLouth hit a solo homer in the fourth off Randy Flores . T. J. Beam ( 2 - 1 ) pitched three innings of one - run relief for the win . Brad Thompson ( 5 - 3 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest start of the season . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Pirates scored three runs in the first . Freddy Sanchez led off with a single and Luis Cruz was hit by a pitch . Nate McLouth and LaRoche followed with RBI singles and Brandon Moss added a run-scoring single . Skip Schumaker 's RBI single in the third off Jason Davis made it 6 - 1 , but Albert Pujols grounded into a double play to end the inning . The Cardinals got a run back in the fourth when Ryan Ludwick led off with a double and scored on Aaron Miles ' groundout . McLouth made it 7 - 2 in the fourth with a two - out homer off Randy Flores .
MIAMI -- The Florida Marlins ' offense has been a problem for Josh Johnson . Johnson struck out nine in six innings , and the Florida Marlins beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Johnson ( 5 - 1 ) allowed two runs and six hits , lowering his ERA to 3.30 . Elijah Dukes hit a two - run double in the sixth for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Johnson ( 5 - 1 ) struck out nine , walked one and lowered his ERA to 3.30 . Matt Lindstrom pitched the ninth for his fourth save in five chances . Tim Redding ( 10 - 9 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . Cantu hit a two - run homer in the first inning to give the Marlins a 2 - 0 lead . Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the second for the Marlins , who have won three of four . Elijah Dukes ' two - out , two - run double cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the sixth , but Johnson struck out Kory Casto to end the inning . The Nationals went 1 for 9 with runners in scoring position and left 10 runners on base . The Nationals loaded the bases with one out in the first , but Johnson escaped by striking out Lastings Milledge and getting Willie Harris to fly out .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- The Kansas City Royals are making a habit of winning . Mark Teahen homered twice , Miguel Olivo had three hits and drove in three runs , and the Royals beat the Cleveland Indians 8 - 4 on Wednesday night . The Royals won for the seventh time in eight games and moved a season-high 15 games over .500 . Robinson Tejeda ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one run and two hits in five innings for his second win in his last three starts . Ryan Garko hit a two - run homer off Royals reliever Devon Lowery in the ninth . Joakim Soria got Travis Hafner on a groundout with the bases loaded for his 37th save in 42 chances . Bryan Bullington ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . Miguel Olivo had three hits and drove in three runs for Kansas City , including a two - run single in the fifth that made it 6 - 1 . Teahen added a solo homer off Juan Rincon . Kelly Shoppach 's two - out RBI double in the sixth off Ron Mahay made it 6 - 2 . Shealy , who had four hits , drove a 2 - 2 pitch from Bryan Bullington ( 0 - 1 ) over the wall in center for a 1 - 0 lead in the second . The Indians loaded the bases with one out in the second on a walk to Kelly Shoppach , a single by David Dellucci and a walk to Ryan Garko . Shoppach scored on a wild pitch by Tejeda , who threw a wild pitch that allowed Shoppach to score the tying run . Teahen 's second homer made it 2 - 1 in the fourth . Ryan Shealy singled and scored on Alberto Callaspo 's triple to make it 3 - 1 . Kelly Shoppach 's two - out RBI double off Ron Mahay in the sixth made it 6 - 2 .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- The Minnesota Twins have been in first place in the AL Central since the All-Star break . The Twins took advantage of the Kansas City Royals ' sloppery . The Twins beat the Kansas City Royals 7 - 2 on Tuesday night to move into first place in the AL Central . Justin Morneau hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning and Justin Morneau added a two - run shot in the fourth for the Twins , who have won six of their last seven games . Nick Blackburn ( 10 - 8 ) gave up two runs on five hits with three strikeouts and a walk in seven innings . Brian Bannister ( 7 - 15 ) gave up seven runs and 10 hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest start of the season . Morneau 's two - run homer capped a four - run fourth inning that gave the Twins a 7 - 2 lead . Brian Buscher had three hits and Joe Mauer drove in two runs for the Twins , who have won four of their last five games . The Twins took a 4 - 2 lead in the third when Delmon Young singled with two outs and scored on Brian Buscher 's double . Miguel Olivo hit a solo homer in the second for the Royals , who have lost four of five . The Twins took a 3 - 1 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Carlos Gomez and an RBI single by Denard Span . The Royals cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the third when David DeJesus singled and scored on Guillen 's double .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- Jeremy Sowers was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Sowers gave up one run and four hits over eight innings to lead the Cleveland Indians to a 6 - 1 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Friday night . Bob McCrory , the fourth Cleveland pitcher , worked a perfect ninth . Sowers ( 3 - 8 ) gave up one run and four hits in eight innings , striking out seven and walking one . Rafael Betancourt worked the ninth to complete the six - hitter . Radhames Liz ( 5 - 5 ) gave up four runs , three earned , and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . The Indians went up 1 - 0 in the first inning when Grady Sizemore drew a leadoff walk and scored on a two - out single by Jhonny Peralta . The Indians made it 2 - 0 in the third . Jhonny Peralta reached on an error by third baseman Aubrey Huff and scored on a two - out single by Michael Aubrey . Dellucci 's triple made it 3 - 0 in the fourth . The Indians made it 4 - 1 in the fifth when Kelly Shoppach doubled and scored on a double by Andy Marte . Baltimore made it 5 - 1 in the seventh when Kelly Shoppach drew a one - out walk and took second on a single by Michael Aubrey . Asdrubal Cabrera followed with a sacrifice fly off Jamie Walker to make it 5 - 1 . The Indians made it 6 - 1 in the eighth on a single by Gutierrez , a wild pitch by Jamie Cherry and an intentional walk to Travis Hafner . Kelly Shoppach hit an RBI double off Rocky Cherry .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- The Detroit Tigers have been waiting all season to keep their slim playoff hopes alive . Curtis Granderson hit a tying two - run homer in the eighth inning and Magglio Ordonez added a two - run shot to lead the Tigers to a 6 - 4 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Friday night . The Tigers remained a half-game behind first-place Texas in the AL Central . The Tigers trailed 4 - 3 in the seventh when Magglio Ordonez led off with a triple and scored on Miguel Cabrera 's single to cut it to 4 - 2 . Jesse Crain came in and retired Marcus Thames and Jeff Larish to end the inning . Granderson 's two - run homer off Dennys Reyes in the eighth tied the game at 4 . Placido Polanco singled and Ordonez followed with a two - run homer off Dennys Reyes to make it 6 - 4 . The Twins loaded the bases with one out in the ninth against Fernando Rodney on a walk to Nick Punto , a single by Denard Span and a single by Alexi Casilla . Rodney then struck out Joe Mauer and got Justin Morneau to line out to right field for his ninth save in 12 chances . Guerrier ( 6 - 7 ) gave up two runs on two hits and a walk while striking out none . The Twins loaded the bases with one out in the ninth against Fernando Rodney , who struck out Joe Mauer and got Justin Morneau to line out to right field for his ninth save in 12 chances . Clay Rapada ( 3 - 0 ) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . Carlos Gomez hit a two - run double in the sixth to give the Twins a 4 - 1 lead . The Twins loaded the bases with no outs in the first on a single by Denard Span , a single by Alexi Casilla and a single by Joe Mauer . Justin Morneau grounded into a double play to score Span , but Delmon Young struck out to end the inning . The Twins made it 2 - 0 in the third when Justin Morneau doubled and scored on Kubel 's double .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Elijah Dukes ' first multihomer game was a memorable one . Dukes homered twice and drove in three runs , Ryan Langerhans hit a 10th-inning homer and the Washington Nationals beat the Atlanta Braves 8 - 5 on Wednesday night . Gonzalez ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in one - third of an inning . Ryan Langerhans led off the 10th with his first homer of the season and Willie Harris added a solo shot for the Nationals , who have won six of their last seven games . Steven Shell pitched a perfect 10th for his second save . Casey Kotchman led off the ninth with a single off Joel Hanrahan ( 6 - 3 ) and moved to third on Jeff Francoeur 's one - out double . Pinch-hitter Greg Norton walked and pinch-hitter Greg Norton walked to load the bases . Hanrahan struck out Josh Anderson , but Kelly Johnson hit a two - run double to center to tie it at 3 . Dukes led off the second with a homer off Mike Hampton . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Brandon Jones and Gregor Blanco 's RBI single . The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on Harris ' homer and Ryan Zimmerman 's solo shot . The Nationals added a run in the seventh . Emilio Bonifacio reached on a two - base throwing error by third baseman Chipper Jones and scored on Anderson Hernandez 's single . Redding gave up five hits and three runs , two earned , in six innings .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- The Milwaukee Brewers have a chance to win the NL wild card . J. J. Hardy drove in Craig Counsell with a single in the 11th inning to lift the Brewers to a 3 - 2 victory over the San Diego Padres on Wednesday night . The Brewers won for the 10th time in 12 games and moved within one game of first-place St. Louis in the NL Central . Brian Giles had four hits for the Padres , including a solo homer in the eighth that tied the game at 2 . Mike Rivera led off the 11th with a single off Brian Falkenborg ( 2 - 3 ) . Craig Counsell reached on a fielder 's choice and Ray Durham singled to put runners on first and third . Brian Shouse ( 5 - 1 ) got Luis Rodriguez to ground into a double play to end the top of the inning . Ryan Braun led off the 10th with a walk against Brian Falkenborg ( 2 - 3 ) and Prince Fielder walked . Falkenborg then got Corey Hart to ground into a double play and then intentionally walked Mike Cameron to load the bases before getting Gabe Kapler to ground out to end the inning . Giles led off the eighth with a home run to tie it at 2 . Luis Rodriguez followed with a double , and Gagne intentionally walked Adrian Gonzalez to load the bases with one out . Sabathia allowed one run and five hits , struck out nine and walked two in seven innings . Padres starter Josh Geer gave up two runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Brewers grabbed a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Mike Cameron singled with one out and Bill Hall walked before Kendall singled to right . The Padres tied it in the fourth when Luis Rodriguez hit a leadoff double and scored on a fielder 's choice by Adrian Gonzalez . The Brewers made it 2 - 1 in the fourth . Bill Hall hit a two - out triple and Jason Kendall was intentionally walked to bring up Sabathia , who drove in Hall with a single to right .
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- Brandon Morrow has been one of the best pitchers in the American League . Morrow pitched two - hit ball into the eighth inning and the Seattle Mariners beat the New York Yankees 3 - 1 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Morrow ( 2 - 2 ) struck out eight and allowed one hit in 7 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out eight . J. J. Putz pitched the ninth for his 11th save in 12 chances . Andy Pettitte ( 13 - 12 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked one . The Yankees lost for just the second time in eight games . Miguel Cairo led off the third with a double down the right-field line and Ichiro Suzuki followed with a single . Cairo scored on Yuniesky Betancourt 's sacrifice fly . Ichiro Suzuki followed with a single to right , but Raul Ibanez struck out to end the inning . The Yankees did n't get another baserunner until Matsui drew a two - out walk in the fifth , but Morrow got Robinson Cano to ground out to end the inning . Morrow struck out Jose Molina to start the sixth , then got Johnny Damon to line out to second to end the inning . Justin Thomas relieved Morrow and got Johnny Damon to line out to second to end the inning . J. J. Putz pitched the ninth for his 11th save in 12 chances . He gave up a leadoff single to Derek Jeter , but retired Bobby Abreu on a fly to right and Jason Giambi on a popup .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- Alex Rodriguez had a big night at the plate . Rodriguez hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs to help the New York Yankees beat the Tampa Bay Rays 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Rodriguez hit a two - run homer off Troy Percival in the ninth to give the Yankees an 8 - 3 lead . He also had a two - run double in the ninth Friday night . Rodriguez , who leads the majors with a .315 average , went 3 - for - 4 with four RBIs . Rodriguez hit a two - run homer off Rays closer Troy Percival in the ninth to give New York an 8 - 3 lead . The Rays scored in the ninth off Jose Veras . Gabe Gross drew a one - out walk and Jason Bartlett struck out before Iwamura drove in Gross with a two - out double . Edwin Jackson ( 11 - 9 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in 3 1/3 innings for the loss . Gabe Gross trimmed New York 's deficit to 6 - 3 with a two - run homer in the fourth off Carl Pavano . Edwar Ramirez ( 5 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . The Yankees took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Cano 's RBI double and Ivan Rodriguez 's RBI double . The Yankees took a 5 - 1 lead in the third when Bobby Abreu doubled and scored on Alex Rodriguez 's double . Giambi followed with an RBI double and scored on Hideki Matsui 's single . The Rays loaded the bases with no outs in the fifth , but failed to score when Willy Aybar lined into a double play and Eric Hinske popped out .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- The Washington Nationals are on a roll . Cristian Guzman hit a three - run double in a nine - run eighth inning and the Nationals rallied to beat the Philadelphia Phillies 9 - 7 on Wednesday night . The Nationals won for the seventh time in nine games and moved within two games of the first-place Phillies in the NL East . The Nationals trailed 5 - 4 when Kory Casto led off the eighth with a single off Chad Durbin ( 5 - 4 ) . Orr moved to second on a wild pitch and scored on Ronnie Belliard 's pinch-hit single off J. C. Romero . Saul Rivera ( 5 - 5 ) pitched the eighth for the win . The Phillies tied it in the ninth on Matt Stairs ' RBI double and Chase Utley 's sacrifice fly off Nationals closer Joel Hanrahan . Ryan Howard hit a two - run homer in the first off Odalis Perez , who allowed three runs and four hits in five innings . The Nationals took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Zimmerman 's RBI double and a run-scoring single by Kory Casto . The Phillies took a 3 - 2 lead in the third . Jimmy Rollins singled with one out , moved to second on a wild pitch and scored on Utley 's triple to right-center . The Nationals took a 4 - 3 lead in the fifth . Emilio Bonifacio walked , Cristian Guzman singled and Ryan Zimmerman walked to load the bases . Jesus Colome relieved Estrada and got Pedro Feliz to fly out to right . Durbin replaced Estrada and gave up a two - run homer to Zimmerman , his 19th .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- Mike Mussina had a lot to do with it . The right-hander struck out eight over six innings , and the New York Yankees beat the Tampa Bay Rays 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Mussina ( 17 - 7 ) allowed two runs and 10 hits , improving to 5 - 0 in his last seven starts . Xavier Nady hit a two - run homer off Matt Garza ( 11 - 8 ) during a three - run fourth that put the Yankees up 3 - 1 . Hideki Matsui added an RBI single later in the inning . Robinson Cano reached on a two - base throwing error by Garza in the fifth and scored on Johnny Damon 's triple . Derek Jeter followed with an RBI groundout to make it 5 - 1 . Mussina ( 17 - 7 ) gave up two runs and 10 hits in six - plus innings . Damaso Marte struck out B. J. Upton with the bases loaded to end the seventh and Joba Chamberlain worked 1 1/3 scoreless innings . Rodriguez homered off Jason Hammel leading off the eighth to make it 7 - 2 . Matt Garza ( 11 - 8 ) gave up six runs , four earned , and five hits in five - plus innings . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Melvin Upton Jr. singled and scored on Cliff Floyd 's two - out single . The Yankees took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Jason Giambi and a two - run homer by Nady . The Yankees made it 6 - 1 in the sixth on Hideki Matsui 's RBI single off Trever Miller . Tampa Bay 's Gabe Gross led off the seventh with a double and scored on Shawn Riggans ' double . Iwamura singled to put runners at the corners , but Marte struck out Carlos Pena and Jose Molina to end the threat .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- The Houston Astros had a lot to do with it . Hunter Pence hit a two - run double in the ninth inning , and the Astros beat the Cincinnati Reds 4 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight victory . The Astros have won six of their last seven games , including three straight at Great American Ball Park , where they 've won four of their last five . The Astros have won six of their last seven games , including three in a row at Great American Ball Park , where they have outscored the Reds 36 - 5 in the first two games of the series . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . Chris Sampson ( 2 - 0 ) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief . Sampson ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Francisco Cordero ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in one inning . Chris Sampson ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . Francisco Cordero ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs , two earned , in the ninth . Lance Berkman led off the sixth with his first homer of the season for the Astros , who have lost six of their last seven games . The Reds tied it in the sixth . Laynce Nix doubled with two outs and scored on Joey Votto 's single . Oswalt intentionally walked Jay Bruce to load the bases before Edwin Encarnacion grounded out to end the inning . Oswalt allowed six hits and two walks with two strikeouts and two strikeouts in seven innings . The Reds tied it in the sixth on Laynce Nix 's two - out double and Joey Votto 's RBI single . Oswalt intentionally walked Jay Bruce to load the bases before Edwin Encarnacion grounded out .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Kosuke Fukudome was n't sure what to expect . Fukudome hit a three - run homer and drove in five runs to lead the Chicago Cubs to a 10 - 3 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Friday night . Fukudome , who had a career-high five RBIs , hit a three - run homer off Trever Miller in the eighth to make it 10 - 3 . It was his fourth of the season and second in two games . Fukudome is batting .371 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last six games . Fukudome 's homer off Trever Miller in the eighth was the first of his career . Rich Harden ( 2 - 1 ) gave up two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked two . Todd Wellemeyer ( 1 - 2 ) gave up six runs , five earned , on eight hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Cubs jumped on Wellemeyer for three runs in the first . Alfonso Soriano and Ryan Theriot singled to start the inning and Kosuke Fukudome singled in a run before Derrek Lee doubled in Theriot to make it 2 - 0 . Hoffpauir , who had three hits , hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the inning to make it 5 - 0 . The Cubs loaded the bases with one out in the second on a single by Aaron Miles , a walk to Kosuke Fukudome and a walk to Kosuke Fukudome before Hoffpauir walked to force in a run . The Cubs added three runs in the fourth . Alfonso Soriano doubled with one out and stole third before Ryan Theriot hit a grounder to shortstop Khalil Greene , who threw wildly to the plate for an error that allowed Alfonso Soriano to score . Fukudome 's RBI single made it 6 - 1 . The Cubs added three runs in the fourth . Alfonso Soriano doubled with one out and stole third before Ryan Theriot hit a grounder to shortstop Khalil Greene , who threw wildly to the plate for an error that allowed Alfonso Soriano to score . Fukudome 's RBI single made it 6 - 1 . The Cardinals cut the deficit to 7 - 3 in the seventh on an RBI double by pinch-hitter Brendan Ryan off Neal Cotts .
HOUSTON ( AP ) -- The Milwaukee Brewers had a lot to do with it . Prince Fielder homered twice and Ryan Braun had four hits , including an RBI single in the 11th inning , and the Brewers beat the Houston Astros 9 - 8 on Tuesday night . Prince Fielder homered twice and Ryan Braun had four hits for the Brewers , who have won four of their last five games . Fielder and Ryan Braun each had four hits for the Brewers , who snapped a four - game losing streak . Fielder and Ryan Braun each had four hits . The Astros scored an unearned run in the ninth off Carlos Villanueva to make it 8 - 8 . Mark DiFelice ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for his first major league win . Hunter Pence led off the bottom of the 11th with a single , but DiFelice got pinch-hitter Jason Smith to fly out , struck out J. R. Towles and Darin Erstad to end the inning . Fielder and Ryan Braun each had four hits for the Brewers , who have won four of their last five games . Fielder and Mike Cameron opened the eighth with singles off LaTroy Hawkins , and J. J. Hardy walked to load the bases . Hall singled to right to score Fielder and push the lead to 5 - 4 . Jason Kendall 's sacrifice fly scored Cameron to make it 6 - 4 . Fielder led off the fourth with a homer to left , his fourth of the season and second in two games . He also hit a two - run homer in the 10th inning of Wednesday night 's 6 - 4 win over the Astros . Houston starter Mike Hampton gave up four runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked four . Bourn led off the fifth with a homer to left , his fourth of the season . Hampton allowed eight hits and four runs with four strikeouts in six innings .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- Ian Kinsler 's first two home runs of the season came on the first pitch he saw . Kinsler hit a pair of two - run shots to lead the Texas Rangers to a 6 - 5 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Friday night . It was the second multihomer game of Kinsler 's career and the second of his career . Chris Davis and Ian Kinsler also homered for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Scott Feldman ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits in five innings to earn his first major league win . He struck out two and walked one . Frank Francisco got two outs for his fourth save . Mark Hendrickson ( 1 - 3 ) gave up six runs , five earned , and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings . Kinsler put the Rangers up 1 - 0 in the first inning with his first home run of the season . Davis led off the second with a drive to left , and Kinsler followed with a two - run shot to make it 4 - 0 . Jones made it 5 - 0 in the third with his first home run of the season . The Orioles closed to 5 - 1 in the fourth . Nick Markakis hit a one - out double and scored on a two - out single by Ty Wigginton . The Rangers made it 6 - 1 in the fifth . Hamilton led off with a single and Andruw Jones reached on an error by Izturis at shortstop . After a double steal , Byrd hit a sacrifice fly off Brian Bass . Wigginton homered off Derek Holland in the sixth .
TORONTO ( AP ) -- Rod Barajas did n't have his best stuff . Barajas hit two home runs , including a tiebreaking single in the 11th inning , and the Toronto Blue Jays rallied to beat the Texas Rangers 8 - 7 on Wednesday night . Barajas went 3 - for - 5 with a homer and four RBIs as the Blue Jays won for the seventh time in nine games . He hit a two - run homer in the ninth off B. J. Ryan to give the Rangers a 7 - 7 lead . The Blue Jays cut it to 7 - 4 in the bottom of the inning when Travis Snider scored on Millar 's single off C. J. Wilson ( 0 - 2 ) . Jason Frasor ( 3 - 0 ) pitched two perfect innings for the win . The Rangers cut it to 7 - 5 in the ninth against Blue Jays closer B. J. Ryan . Chris Davis was hit by a pitch and Jarrod Saltalamacchia walked before Ian Kinsler hit a grounder to second baseman Aaron Hill , who threw to second for the second out . Davis scored on Josh Hamilton 's groundout and Kinsler scored on Josh Hamilton 's groundout . Jose Bautista followed with a double , stole third and scored on Aaron Hill 's two - out single to center . Barajas was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second on the play . Texas tied it in the third when Nelson Cruz singled , Chris Davis doubled and Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit a two - run single . The Blue Jays made it 5 - 2 in the fourth on Barajas ' two - run homer and Alex Rios ' RBI single . Toronto cut it to 5 - 3 in the fifth when Omar Vizquel singled and scored on Michael Young 's double . The Blue Jays added two more in the sixth against Scott Feldman . Alex Rios drove in Jose Bautista with a single and Adam Lind added an RBI single . Young doubled off Scott Downs in the eighth and was replaced by pinch runner Travis Snider . Andruw Jones singled to put runners at first and third with no outs , but Downs struck out Hank Blalock and got Marlon Byrd to ground into a fielder 's choice that scored Young .
PITTSBURGH -- Jeff Karstens ' first major league win was a memorable one . Karstens won for the first time in nearly a year and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Florida Marlins 3 - 2 on Wednesday night . Karstens ( 1 - 0 ) gave up one run and three hits in six innings , walking two and striking out three . Matt Capps worked the ninth for his fourth save in as many opportunities . Anibal Sanchez ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Marlins have lost five of their last six games . Adam LaRoche 's RBI single in the first inning gave the Pirates a 1 - 0 lead . Hanley Ramirez doubled in John Baker in the third to make it 2 - 1 . Sanchez led off the bottom of the third with his first home run of the season . The Pirates loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth , but pinch-hitter Eric Hinske grounded out to first to end the threat . The Pirates loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth but failed to score . Pinch-hitter Eric Hinske grounded out to end the threat . Maybin hit his first homer of the season leading off the eighth against Tyler Yates to cut the Pirates ' lead to 3 - 2 . Emilio Bonifacio singled and Ronny Paulino walked to load the bases with one out .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Andy Pettitte had a lot to do with it . Pettitte won his second straight start and the New York Yankees beat the Oakland Athletics 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Pettitte ( 2 - 0 ) gave up two runs and nine hits in seven innings . He walked none and did not strike out a batter for the second time in his last three starts . The Yankees won for the seventh time in nine games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . Pettitte has won his first two major league starts . Mariano Rivera worked the ninth for his fourth save in four chances . Dana Eveland ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in four - plus innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Yankees scored four times in the second . Nick Swisher led off with a walk and Hideki Matsui doubled . After Cody Ransom flied out , Gardner lined a single to center . Suzuki added an RBI single in the fourth . The A 's loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on a single by Jason Giambi , a single by Matt Holliday and a single by Jack Cust . Mark Ellis drove in a run with a fielder 's choice and Kurt Suzuki added an RBI single . Damon 's homer in the sixth off Andrew Bailey made it 5 - 2 . Jack Cust singled with two outs in the eighth off Brian Bruney and scored on a double by Mark Ellis . The A 's cut it to 5 - 3 in the eighth when Jack Cust singled off Brian Bruney and scored on Ellis ' double .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- The Chicago Cubs have been in first place since the All-Star break . Aramis Ramirez hit a two - run homer with two outs in the 11th inning to lift the Cubs to a 7 - 5 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . The Cubs won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . Cubs closer Carlos Marmol left in the eighth with a 5 - 4 lead , but the Cubs ' bullpen could n't hold it . Alfonso Soriano led off the 11th with a walk against Dennys Reyes ( 0 - 1 ) , and Kosuke Fukudome grounded into a fielder 's choice . After Derrek Lee flied out , Ramirez hit a 1 - 0 pitch into the left-field bleachers for his second homer of the season . Angel Guzman ( 1 - 0 ) pitched the 11th for the win . The Cubs loaded the bases with two outs in the 10th against Chris Perez , but struck out pinch-hitter Joey Gathright to end the inning . The Cardinals tied it in the eighth against Carlos Marmol . Duncan led off with a double and scored on Yadier Molina 's double to tie it at 5 . Khalil Greene was hit by a pitch to load the bases before Gregg struck out pinch-hitter Colby Rasmus and got Skip Schumaker to ground into a fielder 's choice . The Cardinals took a 3 - 0 lead in the third on Skip Schumaker 's RBI single and Ryan Ludwick 's two - run single . St. Louis cut it to 4 - 2 in the fifth when Ryan Theriot led off with a triple and scored on Aaron Miles ' groundout . Soriano walked and Kosuke Fukudome walked before Lee hit a two - run double . Dempster allowed four runs and four hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out four .
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- Ichiro Suzuki was n't sure he 'd ever hit a home run . Suzuki hit his first career grand slam , and the Seattle Mariners beat the Los Angeles Angels 11 - 3 on Wednesday night . Suzuki 's grand slam capped a seven - run seventh inning for the Mariners , who took two of three from the Angels . Suzuki 's homer was his fourth of the season and second in as many games . He also drove in four runs in a 6 - 5 win over the New York Yankees on April 11 . Suzuki 's grand slam off Jason Bulger capped a seven - run seventh inning that gave the Mariners a 7 - 3 lead . Jarrod Washburn ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings , striking out four and walking none . Jered Weaver ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked two . Chavez and Griffey hit back-to-back homers in the fifth to give Seattle a 3 - 2 lead . The Mariners added a run in the sixth . Rob Johnson led off with a double and Yuniesky Betancourt singled to put runners at the corners . Franklin Gutierrez then laid down a sacrifice bunt , but Weaver threw wildly to the plate for an error , allowing Johnson to score . The Angels cut the lead to 4 - 3 in the seventh on Torii Hunter 's double and Rivera 's RBI single off Miguel Batista . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Russell Branyan doubled and scored on Kenji Johjima 's single to right . Yuniesky Betancourt doubled to put runners on second and third with one out , but Franklin Gutierrez grounded into a fielder 's choice and Ichiro Suzuki flied out to end the inning . The Mariners finally broke through in the fourth . Russell Branyan led off with a double and scored on Kenji Johjima 's single . Yuniesky Betancourt doubled to put runners on second and third before Ichiro Suzuki flied out .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Oliver Perez did n't have his best stuff . Perez pitched six effective innings for his first major league win , and the New York Mets beat the San Diego Padres 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Perez ( 1 - 1 ) gave up one run and three hits , struck out four and walked two in his first start of the season . The Mets won for the fourth time in five games following a five - game losing streak . The Mets broke the game open with a four - run seventh . Gary Sheffield walked , Brian Schneider walked and Luis Castillo singled to load the bases . Sean Green came in and threw a wild pitch that allowed Sheffield to score . Kevin Correia ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Daniel Murphy led off with a single , David Wright singled and Carlos Delgado walked to load the bases . Carlos Beltran singled in a run and Wright scored when Gary Sheffield grounded into a double play . The Padres cut it to 2 - 1 in the fifth on Scott Hairston 's RBI single . The Mets broke it open in the seventh against Luke Gregerson . Sheffield walked , Brian Schneider walked and Luis Castillo singled to load the bases . Sheffield scored on a wild pitch , Daniel Murphy hit a sacrifice fly and Luis Castillo scored on a throwing error by catcher Nick Hundley . Delgado homered off Luis Perdomo leading off the eighth to make it 7 - 2 . Adrian Gonzalez hit a solo homer off Sean Green in the ninth .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- The Cincinnati Reds are starting to find ways to win . Jerry Hairston Jr. hit a two - run homer , Joey Votto added a run-scoring single in the ninth and the Reds beat the Milwaukee Brewers 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . The Reds won for only the second time in their last 10 road games . Arroyo ( 2 - 0 ) gave up one run and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . Manny Parra ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out four . Jerry Hairston Jr. hit a two - run homer in the third to give Cincinnati a 3 - 1 lead , and Joey Votto added a two - run single in the bottom of the inning . The Reds grabbed a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jerry Hairston Jr. drew a one - out walk and scored on Votto 's double . J. J. Hardy hit a solo homer in the second for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Hairston hit a two - run homer in the third to give the Reds a 3 - 1 lead . The Brewers loaded the bases with two outs in the third , but Prince Fielder flied out to end the inning . The Brewers threatened in the seventh when Bill Hall singled and Jason Kendall walked with one out , but Daniel Herrera got pinch hitter Rickie Weeks to ground into an inning-ending double play . The Reds added three runs in the ninth off Carlos Villanueva . Hanigan led off with a single and moved to second on Paul Janish 's sacrifice bunt .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Erik Bedard 's first major league win was a memorable one . Bedard struck out seven and walked one in 8 1/3 innings to lead the Seattle Mariners to a 1 - 0 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Friday night . Bedard ( 1 - 0 ) retired Jack Cust on a line drive to center with the bases loaded to end the ninth . David Aardsma then walked Matt Holliday before getting Jack Cust on a line drive to center for his second save . Bedard ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three hits , struck out seven and walked one in his longest outing of the season . He threw 67 of his 102 pitches for strikes . David Aardsma then walked Matt Holliday with two outs before getting Jack Cust on a fly to right for his second save . Trevor Cahill ( 0 - 1 ) pitched seven strong innings for the A 's , allowing one run and two hits . He struck out three and walked three . He retired Ken Griffey Jr. on a popup to start the seventh , then gave up a single to Adrian Beltre and a two - out double to Mike Sweeney . Cahill was coming off one of his worst starts of the season , when he gave up six runs and eight hits in five innings of a 9 - 2 loss to the New York Yankees . The A 's were shut out for the second time this season and have been held to one run or fewer in five of their last six games . The Mariners have won six of their last seven games . The A 's were shut out for the second time this season . They were shut out for the second time this season . Ken Griffey Jr. fouled out to first base in the seventh but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . He was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . The Mariners won for only the second time in their last 14 games at the Coliseum . The A 's were shut out for the second time this season .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- Melvin Mora was n't going to let the game slip away . Mora hit a grand slam in Baltimore 's five - run first inning , and the Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 6 - 0 Friday night for their fifth straight victory . Mora hit a grand slam in a five - run first inning against Jeff Niemann ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up six runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked four and hit a batter . Mora is hitting .357 with four homers and eight RBIs in his last six games . Jeremy Guthrie ( 2 - 0 ) allowed five hits and struck out two in six innings of five - hit ball . Niemann ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Orioles used a five - run first inning to take a 5 - 0 lead . Brian Roberts led off with a double , stole third and scored on a double by Nick Markakis . After Aubrey Huff walked , Mora hit a drive over the 25-foot scoreboard in right field for a 5 - 0 lead . The Rays loaded the bases with one out in the fourth before Guthrie retired Matt Joyce and Dioner Navarro . The Orioles made it 6 - 0 in the sixth . Gregg Zaun drew a one - out walk , took second on a single by Brian Roberts and scored on a fielder 's choice by Adam Jones . Matt Albers got the first two outs of the seventh before Dioner Navarro singled and Gabe Gross walked . Jamie Walker came in and retired Jason Bartlett on a fly ball and struck out Akinori Iwamura to end the inning . The Rays threatened in the eighth when Crawford singled off Jamie Walker , but Evan Longoria grounded into a double play and Pena flied out to end the inning . The Rays threatened in the ninth against Chris Ray . After Joyce drew a one - out walk , Navarro doubled with one out , but Ray struck out Gabe Gross and Jason Bartlett to end the threat .
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) -- Scott Hairston made the most of his opportunity . Hairston hit a three - run homer in the eighth inning and the San Diego Padres beat the San Francisco Giants 7 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Hairston had three hits and drove in three runs . Shawn Hill ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in five innings , struck out three and walked one . Barry Zito ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in four innings , struck out four and walked two . The Padres jumped on Zito for three runs in the first inning . Brian Giles drove in a run with a double and Adrian Gonzalez drove in a run with a groundout . Kevin Kouzmanoff singled home another run . The Giants cut the lead to 3 - 1 in the third when Emmanuel Burriss walked , moved to second on Zito 's sacrifice and scored on Randy Winn 's single to right . The Padres added a run in the fourth when David Eckstein doubled with two outs and scored on Giles ' single . The Giants cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the sixth . Edgar Renteria led off with a double and took third on Fred Lewis ' bunt single . Bengie Molina followed with an RBI single and Pablo Sandoval singled to load the bases . Luke Gregerson came on and got Travis Ishikawa to ground into a double play , then struck out Aaron Rowand to end the inning . Hairston 's three - run homer in the eighth off Merkin Valdez gave the Padres a 7 - 2 lead . The Giants scored an unearned run off Edwin Moreno in the ninth . Emmanuel Burriss singled with one out and scored on Rodriguez 's error .
CINCINNATI -- The New York Mets finally found a way to win . Brian Schneider drove in three runs , including a tiebreaking single in the ninth inning , and the Mets completed a three - game sweep of the Cincinnati Reds with a 9 - 7 victory on Wednesday night . The Mets won for the seventh time in nine games , their longest winning streak of the season . Mike Pelfrey ( 1 - 0 ) gave up four runs and five hits in five innings . Francisco Rodriguez escaped a bases-loaded , one - out threat in the ninth for his second save . Edinson Volquez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out four . Delgado 's two - run homer in the first inning off Volquez was his fourth of the season and second in two games . The Reds scored four runs in the first inning . Jerry Hairston led off with a single , Chris Dickerson walked and Votto drove a 3 - 2 pitch into the seats in right field for his first homer of the season . Brandon Phillips doubled and scored on a fielder 's choice by Ramon Hernandez , who hit a grounder to shortstop Jose Reyes , who threw wildly to the plate for an error , allowing Phillips to score . Jose Reyes and Daniel Murphy singled to start the fifth , and Reyes scored on Carlos Delgado 's groundout . Beltran 's two - run single off Nick Masset made it 5 - 4 . Delgado 's RBI single made it 6 - 4 in the seventh , and the Mets loaded the bases with one out on a single by Votto and a walk to Carlos Beltran and a walk to Ryan Church . Fernando Tatis pinch hit for Luis Castillo , and pinch hitter Fernando Tatis flied out to end the inning . The Reds cut it to 9 - 6 in the seventh against Pedro Feliciano . Votto singled and scored on Jay Bruce 's fielder 's choice grounder . Encarnacion walked and scored on Ramon Hernandez 's single off Sean Green .
PHOENIX ( AP ) -- The Colorado Rockies had a lot of fun to celebrate . Troy Tulowitzki scored the go-ahead run on a throwing error by second baseman Felipe Lopez in the ninth inning , and the Rockies beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 9 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight victory . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . Morales ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings , striking out six and walking one . Doug Davis ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs , four hits and four walks in five innings . He struck out four . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . Torrealba led off the third with a single , then Dexter Fowler walked and Troy Tulowitzki walked to load the bases . Spilborghs doubled down the left-field line to score Torrealba and Fowler . Tulowitzki scored on Garrett Atkins ' sacrifice fly to make it 4 - 1 . Yorvit Torrealba and Ian Stewart hit back-to-back homers in the seventh off Billy Buckner . Fowler led off the game with a home run , his second of the season , to put the Rockies up 1 - 0 . Drew tied it in the bottom of the first with his first home run of the season , a solo shot into the pool area in right-center field . The Rockies added three runs in the third . Yorvit Torrealba led off with a single , Dexter Fowler walked and Troy Tulowitzki walked to load the bases . Spilborghs doubled to the gap in left-center , and Tulowitzki scored on Garrett Atkins ' sacrifice fly .
TORONTO ( AP ) -- Aaron Hill was n't sure what to expect . Hill hit a three - run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Toronto Blue Jays a 5 - 4 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Scott Rolen also homered for the Blue Jays , who won for the second time in six games . Hill , who came in batting .189 , hit a two - out drive to left in the eighth against Brandon Lyon ( 0 - 1 ) , his second homer of the season . The Blue Jays tied it in the ninth against Blue Jays closer B. J. Ryan ( 1 - 0 ) . Brandon Inge tied it with a one - out homer off Ryan ( 1 - 0 ) , his first . Brandon Lyon ( 0 - 1 ) allowed three runs and three hits in one inning of relief for the loss . Rolen led off the eighth with a homer to left , his second . Lyle Overbay followed with a grounder to Inge , who threw to second for the second out . Adam Everett grounded out , Curtis Granderson hit a sacrifice fly and Placido Polanco grounded out to end the game . Blue Jays left-hander David Purcey allowed three runs , two earned , and five hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out five . Blue Jays left-hander David Purcey allowed three runs , two earned , and five hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out five . Brandon Inge led off the third with a double , moved to third on Adam Everett 's sacrifice and scored on Curtis Granderson 's sacrifice fly . The Tigers made it 3 - 0 in the seventh when Miguel Cabrera singled , Carlos Guillen walked and Marcus Thames hit an RBI double . Guillen scored on a wild pitch and Guillen scored on a wild pitch .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) -- Bengie Molina was n't sure he 'd ever hit a home run in his first at-bat . The San Francisco Giants ' backup catcher was n't sure if he 'd ever hit a sacrifice fly . Molina hit a go-ahead sacrifice fly in the seventh inning and the Giants beat the St. Louis Cardinals 5 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Molina 's two - run double in the eighth gave the Cardinals a 4 - 3 lead . Adam Wainwright ( 5 - 3 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked two . Brandon Medders replaced Sanchez and gave up a two - run double to Stavinoha in the fifth . Brandon Medders came in and retired pinch-hitter Chris Duncan on a called third strike to end the inning . Aurilia homered leading off the seventh to give the Giants a 4 - 3 lead . It was his fourth of the season and second in two days . The Giants scored twice in the fifth to tie it at 3 . Rich Aurilia led off with a single and Aaron Rowand doubled to put runners on second and third . Randy Winn followed with a sacrifice fly to center to put San Francisco ahead . The Cardinals loaded the bases with one out in the third on a single by Brendan Ryan , a single by Albert Pujols and a walk to Nick Stavinoha . Ryan Ludwick 's sacrifice fly tied it at 1 in the third .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Daniel Murphy had a big night at the plate . Murphy hit a two - run homer and drove in five runs , leading the New York Mets to a 7 - 4 victory over the Washington Nationals on Friday night . Murphy 's two - run shot in the sixth inning off Jordan Zimmermann ( 2 - 2 ) gave New York a 5 - 3 lead . He also doubled twice and drove in five runs . Murphy went 3 for 4 with a homer and five RBIs . Johan Santana ( 7 - 2 ) matched his career high with 11 strikeouts in six innings , allowing three runs and three hits . Jordan Zimmermann ( 2 - 2 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run double by Gary Sheffield , who had three hits and three walks . Angel Pagan and Luis Castillo singled to start the third and scored on Murphy 's two - out single . The Nationals tied it in the fourth on a two - run homer by Dunn and a bases-loaded walk to Cristian Guzman . The Nationals tied it in the fourth on a two - run homer by Dunn and a bases-loaded walk to Cristian Guzman . Sheffield walked to lead off the sixth and Murphy drove a 1 - 2 pitch into the left-field seats for his third homer of the season . Kip Wells walked Sheffield intentionally to load the bases with one out in the seventh . Jesus Colome relieved Wells and gave up a two - run double to Murphy .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Brian Bannister did n't have his best stuff . Bannister pitched six strong innings to win his fourth straight start , and the Kansas City Royals beat the St. Louis Cardinals 3 - 2 on Friday night . Bannister ( 4 - 1 ) allowed two runs and seven hits . He struck out four and walked two . Juan Cruz worked the ninth for his second save in three chances . Joel Pineiro ( 5 - 4 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . The Cardinals have lost four of five . Pineiro has been one of the few bright spots for the NL Central leaders , going 2 - for - 3 with an RBI in the first two games of the series . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Billy Butler singled with two outs and scored on Jose Guillen 's double . The Royals made it 2 - 0 in the fifth when Miguel Olivo led off with a double and scored on Bannister 's single to right . The Cardinals tied it in the sixth on Yadier Molina 's RBI single and Joel Pineiro 's two - out RBI single . The Royals regained the lead in the seventh . Willie Bloomquist hit a two - out double and scored on Mike Jacobs ' single to put the Royals up 3 - 2 . The Royals regained the lead in the seventh on a two - out double by Willie Bloomquist and an RBI single by pinch-hitter Mike Jacobs .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Alex Rodriguez is making a strong case to stay in the big leagues . Rodriguez hit a tying two - run homer off Brad Lidge in the ninth inning and the New York Yankees rallied to beat the Philadelphia Phillies 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Yankees won for just the second time in their last 10 games at Yankee Stadium . Lidge ( 0 - 2 ) walked Johnny Damon to lead off the bottom of the ninth . He stole second and scored when Rodriguez hit a 3 - 2 pitch into the right-field seats for his second homer of the season . It was Lidge 's third blown save in eight chances . Jose Veras ( 3 - 1 ) got the last out of the ninth for the win . Phil Coke pitched 1 2/3 innings of scoreless relief . John Mayberry Jr. hit a three - run homer off Andy Pettitte in the fifth for the Phillies , who have won four of five . Derek Jeter hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Raul Ibanez hit a solo homer in the second for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Robinson Cano hit a leadoff double in the second and scored on Nick Swisher 's groundout to tie it at 1 . Mayberry hit a three - run homer in the fifth to make it 4 - 1 . Pettitte allowed four runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- Bronson Arroyo has been one of the best pitchers in the majors . Arroyo pitched eight solid innings , and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Cleveland Indians 3 - 1 on Wednesday night . Arroyo ( 6 - 3 ) gave up one run and five hits with two walks and two strikeouts . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth for his 11th save in as many chances . Jonny Gomes led off the eighth with a pinch-hit double off Aaron Laffey ( 3 - 1 ) and scored on Rosales ' one - out double . Alex Gonzalez followed with an RBI single off Greg Aquino . The Indians have lost five of their last six games . Arroyo ( 6 - 3 ) gave up a solo homer to Grady Sizemore in the first inning and five hits , walking two and striking out two . The Reds loaded the bases with no outs in the first on walks to Willy Taveras and Jay Bruce and a walk to Jay Bruce . Brandon Phillips followed with a sacrifice fly . The Reds tied it in the bottom of the inning on a bases-loaded sacrifice fly by Brandon Phillips . Cleveland loaded the bases with no outs in the seventh on Jhonny Peralta 's single and a single by Mark DeRosa , but Ryan Garko grounded into a double play . Reyes gave up one hit and a career-high six walks in three - plus innings . Jhonny Peralta singled with one out in the seventh and took third on Mark DeRosa 's single , but Arroyo got Ryan Garko to ground into a double play .
HOUSTON ( AP ) -- Lance Berkman was n't sure he 'd ever hit a home run . Berkman hit a tiebreaking homer in the 10th inning to lift the Texas Rangers to a 6 - 5 win over the Houston Astros on Friday night . Hawkins ( 1 - 3 ) gave up one run on two hits and struck out two in one inning of relief . Cruz hit a 1 - 0 pitch from Hawkins ( 1 - 3 ) into the seats in right field with one out in the 10th to put the Rangers up 6 - 5 . Darren O'Day ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 perfect innings for the win . Lance Berkman hit a three - run homer and Michael Bourn had three hits for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Berkman hit a three - run homer off Rangers starter Derek Holland in the sixth to cut the Rangers ' lead to 5 - 3 . Miguel Tejada doubled with one out in the seventh and scored on a single by Geoff Blum to cut the lead to 5 - 4 . Jennings struck out Ivan Rodriguez before C. J. Wilson gave up an RBI single to Michael Bourn to tie it . Saltalamacchia hit a two - run homer off Wesley Wright in the sixth to make it 5 - 0 . The Rangers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI single by Michael Young and an RBI single by Andruw Jones . Andrus hit a solo homer in the fourth . Saltalamacchia hit a two - run homer off Wesley Wright in the sixth to make it 5 - 0 . Paulino allowed seven hits and four runs in 5 1/3 innings .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Billy Buckner was n't going to let the game get away from him . Buckner gave up one run in 7 1/3 innings , and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the Oakland Athletics 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Buckner ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and five hits , struck out three and walked two . Jon Rauch gave up a two - out single to Nomar Garciaparra in the ninth and walked Adam Kennedy before getting Ryan Sweeney to ground out for his second save . Young hit a solo homer in the fifth off Trevor Cahill ( 2 - 4 ) to give the Diamondbacks a 2 - 1 lead . Cahill allowed two runs and six hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . The A 's have lost four straight and six of seven overall . Matt Holliday hit his first home run of the season leading off the second for the A 's , who have lost four of five . The Diamondbacks tied it in the third on Gerardo Parra 's two - out RBI single that scored Augie Ojeda , who had singled and stole second . Young hit a solo homer in the fifth to put Arizona ahead 2 - 1 . The A 's lost for the fourth time in five games following a five - game winning streak . The A 's had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Clay Zavada got Kurt Suzuki to hit a grounder to second baseman Felipe Lopez , who threw to second for the second out . Lopez then made a wild throw to second trying to get Cabrera at second .
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) -- The San Diego Padres have been waiting all season long . Scott Hairston hit his first home run of the season and the San Diego Padres beat the San Francisco Giants 2 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Padres , who have the worst record in the majors , have won four of five . Young ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings , struck out six and walked three . Heath Bell pitched a perfect ninth for his 10th save in as many chances . Barry Zito ( 1 - 4 ) gave up two runs and five hits in eight innings , struck out three and walked four . The Giants have lost three straight and five of six . Hairston hit a two - out homer in the first inning to give the Padres a 1 - 0 lead . It was his fourth . Hundley hit a solo homer to left with two outs in the second , his fourth . The Padres loaded the bases with one out in the fourth on a single by Scott Hairston , a walk to Fred Lewis and a hit batter . Zito then hit Chase Headley with a pitch to load the bases before retiring Kevin Kouzmanoff on a grounder to shortstop Chris Burke . The Giants cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the sixth when Fred Lewis scored on Emmanuel Burriss ' fielder 's choice . The Giants got one back in the sixth when Fred Lewis scored on Emmanuel Burriss ' fielder 's choice .
MIAMI ( AP ) -- The Arizona Diamondbacks had a lot of fun . Mark Reynolds led off the seventh inning with a homer , and the Diamondbacks scored three unearned runs to beat the Florida Marlins 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Diamondbacks won for only the second time in their past nine games . The Marlins , who have the worst record in the majors , lost for only the second time in their past nine home games . The Diamondbacks trailed 2 - 1 in the seventh when Mark Reynolds led off with a homer . Eric Byrnes reached on a throwing error by left fielder Eric Byrnes and Miguel Montero was hit by a pitch from Renyel Pinto . Garland ( 4 - 2 ) allowed two runs , one earned , and seven hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . Chad Qualls pitched the ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . Josh Johnson ( 3 - 1 ) gave up three runs , two earned , in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Marlins scored twice in the sixth on a solo homer by Hanley Ramirez and an RBI single by Dan Uggla . Cody Ross led off the seventh with a double off Juan Gutierrez and scored on Ross Gload 's single to make it 5 - 3 . The Marlins cut the deficit to 5 - 3 in the seventh when Cody Ross doubled and scored on Ross Gload 's pinch-hit single off Juan Gutierrez . The Marlins threatened in the eighth , putting runners on first and second with no outs , but Ramon Pena struck out Dan Uggla and Jeremy Hermida .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Joel Pineiro had a lot to do with it . Pineiro pitched a three - hitter for his second shutout of the season and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Chicago Cubs 3 - 0 on Friday night . Pineiro ( 5 - 3 ) struck out five and walked none in his fourth career complete game and second shutout of the season . Colby Rasmus hit a two - run homer in the fifth off Ted Lilly ( 5 - 3 ) , who gave up three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked three . Lilly is 0 - 3 with a 7.38 ERA in his last four starts . The Cubs have been shut out in three of their last four games . Rasmus hit a two - run homer in the fifth for a 3 - 0 lead . It was his fourth of the season and second in two games . Rasmus , who leads the National League with a .250 average , is hitting .250 with three homers and seven RBIs in his last six games . Yadier Molina had an RBI single in the first for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Yadier Molina had an RBI single in the first for the Cardinals , who have won three of four . The Cubs have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Cardinals have won six of their last seven overall and are 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . They have won six of their last seven overall . The Cardinals have won six of their last seven overall and are 5 - 0 at home .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- The Atlanta Braves have been waiting all season long . Yunel Escobar drove in the winning run with a sacrifice fly in the ninth inning , and the Braves beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Braves , who have the worst record in the majors , have won six of their last seven overall . The Braves trailed 3 - 2 before Stephen Drew led off the ninth with a homer off Michael Gonzalez ( 2 - 0 ) . Jordan Schafer singled off Ramon Pena ( 3 - 1 ) with one out and moved to third on Omar Infante 's single to left . Escobar 's fly ball to center field scored Schafer to make it 4 - 3 . The Diamondbacks have lost four straight and six of seven . Michael Gonzalez ( 2 - 0 ) gave up a tying homer to Stephen Drew in the ninth . Tony Pena ( 3 - 1 ) gave up three hits and one run in 1 2/3 innings . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Felipe Lopez led off with a single and scored on Gerardo Parra 's triple . Parra scored on Justin Upton 's groundout . The Braves tied it in the second . Brian McCann led off with a single , moved to second on Jeff Francoeur 's single and scored when Davis misplayed Casey Kotchman 's grounder for an error . Jordan Schafer drove in Francoeur with a fielder 's choice . Jones ' homer gave Atlanta a 3 - 2 lead in the third . Davis gave up three runs , two earned , and four hits in six innings .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Chris Davis ' first home run of the season put the Texas Rangers ahead to stay . Davis hit a game-ending two - run homer in the ninth inning to give the Rangers a 3 - 2 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Wednesday night . It was the second game-ending homer of the season for the Rangers , who have won six of their last seven games . Blalock led off the bottom of the ninth with a homer off Brandon Morrow ( 0 - 3 ) . David Murphy hit a one - out double before Davis hit a 2 - 1 pitch into the left-field seats for his fourth homer of the season . It was Morrow 's second blown save in 12 chances . Matt Harrison ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a five - hitter for his third complete game of the season and second of his career . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Jose Lopez led off the fourth with a single and moved to third on Adrian Beltre 's one - out double . Lopez scored on Russell Branyan 's groundout and Wladimir Balentien doubled home Beltre . Hernandez struck out six and walked two in seven innings . The Rangers loaded the bases with one out in the seventh , but Hernandez struck out Taylor Teagarden and got Elvis Andrus to ground out to end the inning . Hernandez struck out six and walked two while throwing 66 of his 110 pitches for strikes . He threw 66 of his 110 pitches for strikes . Jose Lopez led off the fourth with a single and moved to third on Adrian Beltre 's one - out double . Lopez scored on Russell Branyan 's groundout and Wladimir Balentien doubled home Beltre . The Rangers loaded the bases with one out in the seventh , but Hernandez struck out Taylor Teagarden and got Elvis Andrus to ground out .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- Dave Bush is making the most of his opportunity . The right-hander pitched seven strong innings to lead the Milwaukee Brewers to a 5 - 3 victory over the Florida Marlins on Wednesday night . Bush ( 2 - 0 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and six hits . He walked one and struck out seven . Trevor Hoffman pitched a perfect ninth for his eighth save in eight chances . The Brewers have won six of their last seven games . The Marlins have lost five of their last six games . Bush ( 2 - 0 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in seven innings . He walked five and struck out three . Bush gave up a two - run homer to Bill Hall in the second . The Brewers added an unearned run in the third . Rickie Weeks led off with a walk , J. J. Hardy walked and Ryan Braun hit a grounder to third baseman Emilio Bonifacio , who threw to second for the second out . Hardy scored on the error , and Hardy scored on a throwing error by third baseman Emilio Bonifacio . The Brewers regained the lead in the sixth . Chris Duffy led off with a single off Burke Badenhop ( 2 - 2 ) and Rivera followed with a single . One out later , Hardy lined a single to left to make it 5 - 3 . Johnson allowed three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in four innings . He walked five and struck out three . Johnson said he was n't sure if he 'd be able to make his next start . Johnson said he was n't sure if he 'd be able to make his next start .
TORONTO ( AP ) -- The New York Yankees are on their longest winning streak of the season . Brett Gardner hit a two - run homer and the Yankees beat the Toronto Blue Jays 8 - 2 on Tuesday night , snapping a four - game losing streak . The Yankees won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 1 on their 10-game road trip . Brett Gardner hit a two - run homer and Johnny Damon added an RBI triple as the Yankees won for the fourth time in five games . Pettitte ( 3 - 1 ) allowed two runs , one earned , and five hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out two . Scott Richmond ( 4 - 2 ) allowed five runs and seven hits in 1 2/3 innings , his shortest start of the season . He walked two and struck out two . The Yankees jumped on Richmond with a five - run second . Melky Cabrera led off with a double and Gardner followed with a two - run drive to left . Ramiro Pena followed with a triple and scored on Johnny Damon 's triple . Jose Bautista followed with a grounder to shortstop Marco Scutaro , who threw to shortstop Marco Scutaro for an error , loading the bases . Francisco Cervelli added an RBI single to make it 8 - 2 . The Blue Jays made it 8 - 2 in the sixth . Rolen led off with a double and moved to third on Adam Lind 's flyout to center , but Jose Bautista flied out to end the inning . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with one out in the bottom half , but Alfredo Aceves worked out of the jam by getting Alex Rios to ground into a double play . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with one out in the ninth against Jonathan Albaladejo , but Alex Rios grounded into a double play .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Nick Johnson is making the most of his opportunity . Johnson hit a three - run homer and drove in five runs to lead the San Francisco Giants to a 9 - 7 victory over the Washington Nationals on Friday night . Johnson 's two - run single off Bob Howry in the eighth inning gave San Francisco a 7 - 5 lead . Johnson 's homer was his first since May 8 . Johnson 's two - run single off Jeremy Affeldt capped a three - run eighth that put the Nationals ahead 7 - 5 . Bengie Molina hit a solo homer in the eighth for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Emmanuel Burriss singled with two outs in the ninth off Joe Beimel ( 0 - 2 ) and went to second on Edgar Renteria 's two - out walk . Sandoval then hit a 2 - 2 pitch into the left-field bleachers for his third home run of the season . Johnson 's homer came after a single by Wil Nieves and a single by pinch-hitter Alex Cintron . Washington starter Jordan Zimmermann struck out eight in six - plus innings , allowing five runs and seven hits . He walked two and struck out eight . Zimmermann hit Edgar Renteria with a pitch in the first and then walked Bengie Molina before Winn lined a two - run double into the left-field corner . Ryan Zimmerman singled leading off the fourth for the Nationals ' first hit and Adam Dunn followed with a double . Cain struck out Austin Kearns before Willie Harris drove in Zimmerman with a sacrifice fly . The Giants added three runs in the fourth on RBI singles by Ishikawa and Ishikawa .
ARLINGTON , Texas ( AP ) -- Josh Hamilton is making the most of his opportunity for the Texas Rangers . Hamilton hit a tiebreaking two - run homer in a six - run seventh inning , and the Rangers beat the Seattle Mariners 7 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Hamilton 's homer was his first in the majors since May 30 , when he hit a two - run shot in the fifth inning of a 6 - 5 win over the New York Yankees . Michael Young had three hits for the Rangers , and Ian Kinsler had three hits for the Rangers , who have won six of their last seven games . Hamilton , who has been on a tear since coming off the disabled list , is hitting .239 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last six games . The Rangers , who had lost six of their previous seven games , have won four of their last five series . The Mariners , who have the worst record in the American League , lost for the fifth time in six games . Chris Davis led off the fifth with a homer for the Rangers , who had won four of five . Derek Holland ( 1 - 1 ) got the win with 1 2/3 innings of hitless relief . Seattle starter Jason Vargas gave up one run and five hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked two . Vargas gave up one run and five hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked two . Derek Holland ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Holland was activated from the disabled list before the game . He was activated off the disabled list before the game . Holland was activated from the disabled list before the game after being sidelined with a strained muscle in his left side . He was activated from the disabled list before the game . Holland was activated from the disabled list before the game . He was activated off the disabled list before the game . Holland was activated from the disabled list before the game after being sidelined with a strained left hamstring . He was activated from the disabled list before the game . Holland was activated from the disabled list before the game . He was activated off the disabled list before the game . Holland was activated from the disabled list before the game after being sidelined with a strained left hamstring . He was activated from the disabled list before the game . Holland was activated from the disabled list before the game . He was activated off the disabled list before the game . Holland was activated from the disabled list before the game after being sidelined with a strained left hamstring . He was activated from the disabled list before the game . Holland was activated from the disabled list before the game . He was activated off the disabled list before the game . Holland was activated from the disabled list before the game . He was activated off the disabled list before the game . Holland was activated from the disabled list before the game . He was activated off the disabled list before the game . Holland was activated from the disabled list before the game . He was activated off the disabled list before the game . Holland was activated from the disabled list before the game . He was activated off the disabled list before the game . Holland was activated from the disabled list before the game . He was activated off the disabled list before the game . Holland was activated from the disabled list before the game . He was activated off the disabled list before the game . Holland was activated from the disabled list before the game . He was activated off the disabled list before the game . Holland was activated from the disabled list before the game . He was activated off the disabled list before the game . Holland was activated from the disabled list before the game . He was activated off the disabled list before the game . Holland was activated from the disabled list before the game . He was activated off the disabled list before the game . Holland was activated from the disabled list before the game . He was activated off the disabled list before the game . Holland was activated from the disabled list before the game . He was activated off the disabled list before the game . Holland was activated from the disabled list before the game . He was activated off the disabled list before the game . Holland was activated from the disabled list before the game . He was activated off the disabled list before the game . Holland was activated from the disabled list before the game . He was activated off the disabled list before the game . Holland was activated from the disabled list before the game . He was activated off the disabled list before the game . Holland was activated from the disabled list before the game . He was activated off the disabled list before the game . Holland was activated from the disabled list before the game . He was activated off the disabled list before the game . Holland was activated from the disabled list before the game . He was activated off the disabled list before the game . Holland was activated from the disabled list before the game after being sidelined with a strained
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Vicente Padilla is making the most of it . Padilla pitched one - hit ball for seven innings and the Texas Rangers beat the Chicago White Sox 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Padilla ( 2 - 2 ) struck out one , walked four and threw a wild pitch that allowed the go-ahead run to score . Chris Davis hit his first homer of the season and Chris Davis added a solo shot in the fifth for Texas . Bartolo Colon ( 2 - 3 ) gave up five runs and five hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Davis led off the fifth with his second homer of the season , and Omar Vizquel and David Murphy added RBI singles to make it 5 - 1 . Blalock added a solo shot off D. J. Carrasco in the seventh . Padilla walked Jermaine Dye and Jim Thome to start the bottom of the second before Paul Konerko grounded into a double play . Dye scored on Padilla 's wild pitch to tie it at 1 . The White Sox have lost six of their last seven games . Blalock led off the second with his second home run of the season . The White Sox tied it in the second when Jermaine Dye walked , Jim Thome walked and Paul Konerko hit into a double play . Dye scored on Padilla 's wild pitch to tie it at 1 . The Rangers added a run in the eighth against Lance Broadway . David Murphy and Chris Davis hit consecutive singles off Lance Broadway .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- The Chicago White Sox are going to have to make a run at the playoffs . Paul Konerko hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly in the eighth inning and the White Sox beat the Texas Rangers 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . The White Sox have won six of their last eight games . Ian Kinsler had an RBI double in the seventh for the Rangers , who have lost five of six . Chris Getz led off the eighth with a single off Kevin Millwood ( 3 - 3 ) and Carlos Quentin was hit by a pitch . Jermaine Dye singled to load the bases before Jim Thome grounded into a fielder 's choice , loading the bases . Darren O'Day came on to face Konerko , who drove in Quentin with a sacrifice fly to center . Bobby Jenks pitched a perfect ninth for his seventh save in as many chances . Millwood ( 3 - 3 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out two and walked three . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Nelson Cruz doubled and scored on Elvis Andrus ' two - out single . Dye doubled in Quentin in the sixth to make it 2 - 1 . Quentin doubled with one out in the sixth and scored on Jermaine Dye 's double to put the White Sox up 2 - 1 . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Getz was hit by a pitch with two outs and scored on Quentin 's double . Getz was hit by a pitch with two outs in the third and scored on Quentin 's double .
PHILADELPHIA -- Javier Vazquez did n't have his best stuff . Vazquez allowed four hits and struck out seven in 7 2/3 strong innings to lead the Atlanta Braves to a 6 - 2 win over the Philadelphia Phillies on Friday night . Vazquez ( 3 - 3 ) gave up four hits and two runs in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out seven without a walk . Yunel Escobar hit a two - run homer off Joe Blanton ( 1 - 3 ) in a three - run fifth that gave the Braves a 4 - 1 lead . Brian McCann hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Braves , who have won four of five . Blanton ( 1 - 3 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in eight innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Phillies have lost three straight and five of six . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Jeff Francoeur 's RBI single . Chase Utley hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . McCann hit a two - run homer off Blanton in the eighth to make it 6 - 1 . Raul Ibanez hit a solo homer in the eighth for the Phillies . Mike Gonzalez pitched a scoreless ninth for the Braves . Michael Gonzalez pitched a scoreless ninth for Atlanta .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- Eric Stults did n't have to wait long for his first career complete game . Stults pitched a four - hitter for his first career complete game and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the San Francisco Giants 8 - 0 on Wednesday night . Stults ( 4 - 1 ) struck out five and walked none in his fourth career complete game and second this season . He threw a season-high 123 pitches , 80 for strikes . Dodgers manager Don Mattingly was impressed with Stults ' 123 pitches . The Giants ' only hits off Stults were a leadoff double by Edgar Renteria in the ninth , but Stults retired Randy Winn and Bengie Molina before Aaron Rowand grounded out to end the game . The Giants were shut out for the fifth time this season and second time in three games . Jonathan Sanchez ( 1 - 3 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings , struck out four and walked four . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a double by Juan Pierre and a single by Hudson . Pierre scored when Andre Ethier grounded into a double play . The Dodgers extended their lead to 4 - 0 in the second on Castro 's RBI double and Pierre 's two - run double . The Dodgers increased their margin to 5 - 0 in the fifth . Orlando Hudson hit a one - out double and scored on Matt Kemp 's two - out single . The Giants loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth on a single by Emmanuel Burriss , a single by Emmanuel Burriss and an error by Hudson at second base . Pinch-hitter Eugenio Velez popped out and Edgar Renteria hit a grounder to second baseman Orlando Hudson , who bobbled the ball for an error that loaded the bases . The Dodgers tacked on three more runs in the eighth against Osiris Matos , who was making his major league debut . Juan Castro hit an RBI double and Eric Stults and Pierre added RBI singles .
BOSTON ( AP ) -- The Boston Red Sox have been waiting for Jason Bay to come through in clutch situations . Bay hit his first homer of the season and drove in four runs to lead the Red Sox to a 13 - 3 win over the Cleveland Indians on Friday night . Bay 's three - run homer capped a seven - run sixth inning and Dustin Pedroia added a two - run single for the Red Sox , who won for the seventh time in nine games . Bay is hitting .316 with three homers and seven RBIs in his last six games . Bay 's three - run homer capped a seven - run sixth against Jeremy Sowers ( 0 - 1 ) . Tim Wakefield ( 4 - 1 ) gave up two runs and four hits in six innings , walking four and striking out three . Jeremy Sowers ( 0 - 1 ) gave up seven runs and seven hits in five - plus innings , walking three and striking out one . The Red Sox won for the fourth time in five games . Josh Barfield singled off Javier Lopez with one out in the eighth and scored on Garko 's two - out double . The Indians took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth when Matt LaPorta singled , took third on Luis Valbuena 's double and scored on a passed ball by catcher Victor Martinez . Asdrubal Cabrera 's sacrifice fly made it 2 - 1 . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Julio Lugo led off with a triple and scored on Pedroia 's single . The Indians took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth . Matt LaPorta singled , Luis Valbuena doubled and LaPorta scored on a passed ball . Asdrubal Cabrera 's sacrifice fly made it 2 - 1 .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting all season to celebrate . Miguel Tejada had three hits and drove in three runs , Elijah Dukes homered and drove in two runs , and the Nationals rallied to beat the Houston Astros 11 - 10 on Wednesday night . The Astros scored three runs in the ninth off Houston reliever Kip Wells , who was making his major league debut . Elijah Dukes drew a one - out walk off LaTroy Hawkins ( 0 - 1 ) and Josh Bard singled to right . Pinch-hitter Josh Bard hit a grounder to shortstop Tejada , who threw to second for the second out , but Tejada scored . Joel Hanrahan ( 1 - 1 ) pitched the 11th for his first major league win . The Nationals have won four of their last five games . Cristian Guzman hit a two - run homer and Nick Johnson had two hits and an RBI for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Cristian Guzman hit a two - run homer off Geoff Geary in the eighth to cut it to 9 - 10 , but the Nationals answered with two runs in the bottom of the inning . Cristian Guzman led off with a single , moved up on a wild pitch and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's single . After Adam Dunn grounded out , Sampson walked Elijah Dukes to load the bases . Tim Byrdak relieved Oswalt and walked Willingham to force in a run . Cristian Guzman hit a grounder to shortstop Tejada , who threw wildly to second for an error , allowing Willingham to score . Tejada 's two - run double made it 5 - 2 in the fifth . Oswalt allowed four runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two .
DETROIT ( AP ) -- Miguel Cabrera is making a strong case to stay in the majors . Cabrera homered and drove in four runs , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Minnesota Twins 9 - 0 on Tuesday night . Cabrera is hitting .406 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last six games . Cabrera and Curtis Granderson hit consecutive homers in the fourth inning for the Tigers , who won for the fourth time in five games . Porcello ( 2 - 3 ) allowed four hits and three walks , striking out three . Nick Blackburn ( 2 - 2 ) gave up nine runs -- six earned -- and eight hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out one . Cabrera and Granderson hit back-to-back homers in the fourth to give Detroit a 9 - 0 lead . The Twins loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh , but Porcello got Michael Cuddyer to ground into a double play . The Twins loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh on a single by Alexi Casilla , a walk to Brian Buscher and a single by Jason Kubel . Porcello then walked Joe Crede to load the bases , but Porcello got Brian Buscher to ground out to end the threat . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Placido Polanco walked , took third on a double by Clete Thomas and scored on Miguel Cabrera 's groundout . The Tigers made it 6 - 0 in the second . Gerald Laird drew a two - out walk and scored on Ramon Santiago 's double . Anderson followed with an RBI single , and Santiago scored on Young 's throwing error .
SEATTLE -- Kevin Millwood was n't going to let a one - run lead slip away . Chris Davis hit a go-ahead , two - run homer in the sixth inning and the Texas Rangers rallied for a 6 - 5 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . Millwood ( 3 - 2 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Franklin Gutierrez had three hits and drove in three runs , including a two - run homer in the fifth that tied the game at 4 . Felix Hernandez ( 4 - 1 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Hernandez ( 4 - 1 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in six - plus innings . He struck out nine without walking a batter . He retired Nelson Cruz on a grounder to start the sixth and David Murphy singled . Ichiro Suzuki 's fielder 's choice grounder scored Gutierrez to cut the lead to 6 - 5 in the seventh , but Endy Chavez grounded out to end the inning . Gutierrez had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Marlon Byrd had an RBI single in the fourth for the Rangers , who have won four of their last five games . Hernandez ( 4 - 1 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out nine without walking a batter . He did n't allow a hit until Elvis Andrus ' one - out single in the fifth . Young hit a two - run homer off Hernandez in the fifth to give Seattle a 4 - 0 lead . It was his fourth of the season and second in two games . Seattle tied it in the bottom of the inning when Russell Branyan led off the inning with his first home run of the season . Jose Lopez singled and Kenji Johjima doubled to put runners at second and third with one out . Ichiro Suzuki grounded into a fielder 's choice to score Gutierrez , but Endy Chavez grounded out to end the inning .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- Jose Guillen is n't sure how to hit the ball out of the park . Guillen hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs to lead the Kansas City Royals to a 7 - 5 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Friday night . Guillen 's homer came after Willie Bloomquist and Mark Teahen singled to start the inning against Scott Baker ( 0 - 4 ) . Guillen 's drive to right field was his first homer since Sept. 22 , 2007 , against the White Sox . Guillen is hitting .289 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last six games . Alberto Callaspo added a two - run double off Luis Ayala in the seventh to give Kansas City a 5 - 4 lead . Gil Meche ( 2 - 2 ) gave up four runs on seven hits with three strikeouts and two walks in six innings for the win . Joakim Soria gave up an unearned run in the ninth but got Justin Morneau to ground out for his sixth save in six chances . Scott Baker ( 0 - 4 ) gave up five runs and five hits in six innings for the loss . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Denard Span led off with a walk , stole second and scored on Justin Morneau 's single . The Twins made it 2 - 0 in the fourth . Jason Kubel led off with a double , moved to third on a wild pitch and scored on Michael Cuddyer 's double down the right-field line to make it 2 - 0 . Morneau led off the sixth with a double and scored on Michael Cuddyer 's single to make it 3 - 0 . Delmon Young added an RBI single to make it 4 - 0 . Guillen added an RBI double in the eighth off R. A. Dickey .
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- The Seattle Mariners finally found a way to win . Jose Lopez singled home the winning run in the 15th inning and the Mariners rallied for an 8 - 7 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Wednesday night . The Mariners won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . Ichiro Suzuki hit a two - out RBI single in the bottom of the 13th to give Oakland a 7 - 4 lead , but the Mariners rallied for three runs in the bottom of the inning to take a 7 - 4 lead . Jason Vargas ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 2 1/3 innings of two - hit relief for the win . Miguel Batista walked Rajai Davis leading off the 13th and then hit Bobby Crosby with a pitch to load the bases with one out . Springer then struck out Ichiro Suzuki and got Jose Lopez to ground into a fielder 's choice to end the threat . Franklin Gutierrez singled off Dana Eveland ( 1 - 2 ) to open the bottom of the 15th and Yuniesky Betancourt followed with a single to right . Eveland intentionally walked Ichiro Suzuki to load the bases . Franklin Gutierrez then walked to force in a run , Yuniesky Betancourt drove in a run with a fielder 's choice and Ichiro Suzuki followed with a two - out single to center to score Chavez . Johjima 's homer in the ninth off Russ Springer tied it at 4 . Franklin Gutierrez singled and Yuniesky Betancourt singled to put runners at second and third with one out , but Springer struck out Ichiro Suzuki and got Jose Lopez to ground into a fielder 's choice to end the game . The A 's scored three times in the first against Chris Jakubauskas . Ryan Sweeney led off with a single , moved to second on Orlando Cabrera 's single and scored on Matt Holliday 's groundout . Cust followed with a two - run homer to right , his second of the season . Sweeney 's two - run homer in the fourth off Josh Outman cut Oakland 's lead to 3 - 2 . The A 's made it 4 - 2 in the fifth when Gregorio Petit doubled and scored on Ryan Sweeney 's sacrifice fly .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Ryan Spilborghs was n't sure he 'd ever hit two home runs in a game . Spilborghs hit two home runs and drove in three runs to lead the Colorado Rockies to a 5 - 1 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Friday night . Spilborghs had a two - run homer in the fifth and finished with three RBIs for the Rockies , who won for the fourth time in five games following a five - game losing streak . Spilborghs , who had a pair of two - run homers earlier in the game , had two of the team 's five hits . Marquis ( 4 - 1 ) struck out four and walked one in his fourth career complete game and second this season . He threw 113 pitches , 73 for strikes . Pablo Sandoval hit a solo homer in the ninth for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Matt Cain ( 2 - 1 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Giants lost for the fourth time in five games . Spilborghs led off the first with his second home run of the season and second in two games . Spilborghs led off the third with a walk and scored on Garrett Atkins ' two - out single to put the Rockies up 2 - 0 . Spilborghs made it 4 - 0 in the fifth with his second homer of the game , a two - run shot that made it 4 - 0 . Hawpe hit his first home run of the season leading off the sixth to make it 5 - 0 . It was his first career multihomer game and first this season . Hawpe hit his first home run of the season leading off the sixth to make it 5 - 0 . It was his first multihomer game of the season and first since May 9 . Hawpe hit his first home run of the season leading off the sixth to make it 5 - 0 . It was his first multihomer game of the season and first since May 9 . Hawpe hit his first home run of the season leading off the sixth to make it 5 - 0 . It was his first multihomer game of the season and first since May 9 . Hawpe hit his first home run of the season leading off the sixth to make it 5 - 0 . It was his first multihomer game of the season and first since May 9 . Hawpe hit his first home run of the season leading off the sixth to make it 5 - 0 . It was his first multihomer game of the season and first since May 9 . Hawpe hit his first home run of the season leading off the sixth to make it 5 - 0 . It was his first multihomer game of the season and first since May 9 . Hawpe hit his first home run of the season leading off the sixth to make it 5 - 0 . It was his first multihomer game of the season and first since May 9 . Hawpe hit his first home run of the season leading off the sixth to make it 5 - 0 . It was his first multihomer game of the season and first since May 9 . Hawpe hit his first home run of the season leading off the sixth to make it 5 - 0 . It was his first multihomer game of the season and the 12th of his career . Hawpe hit his first home run of the season leading off the sixth to make it 5 - 0 . It was his first multihomer game of the season and first since May 9 . Hawpe hit his first home run of the season leading off the sixth to make it 5 - 0 . It was his first multihomer game of the season and the 12th of his career . Hawpe hit his first home run of the season leading off the sixth to make it 5 - 0 . It was his first multihomer game of the season and the 12th of his career . Hawpe hit his first home run of the season leading off the sixth to make it 5 - 0 . It was his first multihomer game of the season . Hawpe hit his first home run of the season leading off the sixth to make it 5 - 0 . It was his first multihomer game of the season and the 12th of his career . Hawpe hit his first home run of the season leading off the sixth . He also had a two - run single in the ninth inning of Colorado 's 5 - 4 win in the series opener on Monday night . Brad Hawpe added a solo homer in the sixth for the Rockies , who have won four of five . Cain ( 2 - 1 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . He walked four and struck out three .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- The Minnesota Twins are starting to find a way to win . Justin Morneau homered and drove in three runs , and the Twins beat the Kansas City Royals 7 - 5 on Friday night for their fourth straight victory . The Twins have won six of their last seven games , including three straight at home . Kevin Slowey ( 4 - 0 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings for the win . Joe Nathan pitched the ninth for his fourth save in five chances . Sidney Ponson ( 0 - 4 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings for the loss . Mauer 's solo homer in the first inning was his first of the season and second in two games . The Royals took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a two - run single by David DeJesus off Kevin Slowey ( 4 - 0 ) , who gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . The Twins scored three runs in the fourth off Sidney Ponson ( 0 - 4 ) , who gave up seven runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . Miguel Olivo led off the fifth with a single and moved to second on Coco Crisp 's one - out single . David DeJesus followed with a double down the right-field line to score Olivo and tie the game at 5 . After Mark Teahen struck out , Guillen lined a two - run single to right to tie it at 5 . The Royals , who have lost five of their last six games , fell to 0 - 3 on their 10-game homestand .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- The New York Yankees finally found a way to win . Derek Jeter hit a tiebreaking , two - run single in the eighth inning and the Yankees rallied from a three - run deficit to beat the Seattle Mariners 8 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Yankees won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . Brian Bruney ( 3 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up a tying sacrifice fly in the eighth to Russell Branyan that tied it at 5 . Melky Cabrera hit a two - run single off Sean White ( 2 - 1 ) in the eighth to give the Yankees an 8 - 5 lead . Rodriguez hit a two - run homer off Chris Jakubauskas in the seventh to give the Yankees a 5 - 3 lead . Brian Bruney ( 3 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up two runs in the top of the eighth . Mariano Rivera pitched a perfect ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . The Yankees took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an error by third baseman Chris Woodward and a sacrifice fly by Melky Cabrera . Cedeno led off the third with his first home run of the season and second in two days . The Yankees loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on a single by Cano , a walk to Jorge Posada and a walk to Matsui . Nick Swisher popped out , but Melky Cabrera grounded into a fielder 's choice to score Cano . Suzuki singled in the fifth , stole second and third and scored on Branyan 's single . Jose Lopez reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second and scored on Gutierrez 's single .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- Brandon Phillips had a big night at the plate . Phillips had three hits and drove in three runs to lead the Cincinnati Reds to an 8 - 1 win over the Cleveland Indians on Friday night . Phillips had three hits and drove in three runs . The Reds won for the fourth time in five games . Micah Owings ( 5 - 8 ) gave up one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked four . David Huff ( 3 - 3 ) gave up seven runs -- six earned -- and nine hits in five innings . Hernandez 's two - run triple capped a four - run third inning that gave the Reds a 4 - 1 lead . Willy Taveras had three hits and scored twice . Gomes ' two - run homer in the fifth off Huff made it 7 - 1 . Hernandez added an RBI single in the seventh off Rafael Perez . Hernandez 's RBI single off Rafael Perez made it 8 - 1 in the seventh . Victor Martinez 's sacrifice fly gave Cleveland a 1 - 0 lead in the first . The Reds loaded the bases with one out in the third on singles by Chris Dickerson and Willy Taveras and a walk to Votto . Phillips lined a two - run single up the middle for a 2 - 1 lead .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- The Seattle Mariners have n't had a winning record since the All-Star break . Matt Kemp hit a leadoff homer in the fifth inning and Andre Ethier added a sacrifice fly in the fifth , leading the Mariners to a 4 - 2 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Friday night . The Mariners won for the seventh time in nine games and moved within one game of first-place Detroit in the AL West . Garrett Olson ( 3 - 2 ) gave up two runs and four hits in five innings , struck out three and walked one . David Aardsma pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 18 chances . Hiroki Kuroda ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings , struck out five and walked none . The Dodgers have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Jose Lopez singled , stole second and scored on Franklin Gutierrez 's single . The Mariners extended their lead to 4 - 0 in the third on an RBI single by Adrian Beltre and a two - run double by Jose Lopez . The Dodgers got two runs back in the fifth on a sacrifice fly by Andre Ethier that scored Juan Castro , who singled and advanced on Kuroda 's sacrifice bunt . Miguel Batista pitched two scoreless innings in relief of Miguel Batista , who gave up a one - out single to Rafael Furcal in the sixth before retiring pinch-hitters Furcal and Juan Pierre on groundouts . Miguel Batista pitched two scoreless innings in relief of Miguel Batista , who gave up a one - out single to pinch-hitter Rafael Furcal in the seventh . Pinch-hitter Brad Ausmus then grounded out to end the inning .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- The Chicago White Sox are on a roll . Jermaine Dye and Jermaine Dye homered off Carlos Zambrano in the sixth inning , and the White Sox beat the Chicago Cubs 6 - 0 on Tuesday night . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . John Danks ( 6 - 6 ) allowed four hits in seven shutout innings . He struck out five and walked four . Carlos Zambrano ( 4 - 3 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Cubs have lost five of their last six games . The White Sox loaded the bases with one out in the sixth on a double by Chris Getz , a sacrifice by Gordon Beckham and a walk to Scott Podsednik . David Patton came in and got Jermaine Dye to hit a grounder to shortstop Ryan Theriot , who threw to shortstop Ryan Theriot for the second out , allowing Wise to score . Dye added a solo shot in the eighth off Kevin Hart . Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the third off Carlos Zambrano ( 4 - 3 ) , who gave up five runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . The White Sox added a run in the fourth when A. J. Pierzynski led off with a single , moved to third on Gordon Beckham 's single and scored on Wise 's single . A. J. Pierzynski led off the fourth with a single and moved to third on Gordon Beckham 's one - out single . Wise singled to right to score Pierzynski and make it 3 - 0 . The Cubs loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth , but Danks got Geovany Soto to ground out to end the threat .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- Felix Hernandez was n't going to let a one - run lead slip away . Hernandez pitched eight innings of four - hit ball , and the Seattle Mariners beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Russell Branyan hit a solo homer in the top of the ninth off Brent Leach . Hernandez ( 8 - 3 ) allowed an unearned run and four hits , struck out nine and walked one in his longest outing of the season . David Aardsma gave up a two - out double to James Loney in the ninth and walked Russell Martin before striking out Matt Kemp to end the game . Eric Milton ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings , struck out seven and walked none . The Dodgers have lost five of their last six games . Ichiro Suzuki led off the third with a single and scored on Branyan 's triple into the right-field corner . Griffey 's two - run homer made it 4 - 0 . The Dodgers cut the margin to 4 - 1 in the third on a two - out error by right fielder Ichiro Suzuki that scored Rafael Furcal , who had singled . The Dodgers closed to 4 - 1 in the third on a two - out error by Suzuki in right field that scored Rafael Furcal , who had singled . The Dodgers threatened in the seventh when Matt Kemp singled with two outs , but Hernandez got pinch-hitter Mitch Jones to fly out to end the inning . Branyan homered off Brent Leach in the ninth .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- The Minnesota Twins are on their longest winning streak of the season . Glen Perkins took a no-hitter into the seventh inning , Rick Ankiel doubled home the lone run and the Twins beat the St. Louis Cardinals 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . The Twins won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to a season-high 10 games over .500 . Perkins ( 3 - 4 ) gave up one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Joe Nathan worked the ninth for his 18th save in 20 chances . Adam Wainwright ( 8 - 5 ) gave up three runs , two earned , in seven innings . He struck out five and walked four . The Twins scored two runs in the first on Jason Kubel 's RBI single and Thurston 's throwing error on Michael Cuddyer 's grounder that allowed Morneau to score . The Twins made it 3 - 0 in the sixth when Kubel doubled and scored on Michael Cuddyer 's single . Joe Crede singled to put runners at second and third with one out , but Wainwright struck out Matt Tolbert and got Denard Span to ground out to end the inning . The Twins did n't get a runner past second base until the sixth , when Jason Kubel doubled and scored on Michael Cuddyer 's single to make it 3 - 0 . Joe Crede singled to put runners at second and third before Wainwright struck out Matt Tolbert and got Denard Span to ground out to end the inning . The Cardinals cut the lead to 3 - 1 in the seventh when Colby Rasmus led off with a single and scored on a two - out double by Rick Ankiel . The Twins scored twice in the first on an RBI single by Jason Kubel and a throwing error by third baseman Joe Thurston on Michael Cuddyer 's grounder to third . The Cardinals have lost five of six .
PHOENIX ( AP ) -- Jered Weaver was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Weaver pitched six effective innings to win his fourth straight start , and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 12 - 3 on Tuesday night . Weaver ( 8 - 3 ) gave up three runs and four hits , striking out five and walking four . Maicer Izturis had a two - run triple during a seven - run second inning , and Torii Hunter added a two - run homer for the Angels , who won for the fifth time in six games . Billy Buckner ( 2 - 5 ) gave up eight runs and seven hits in 1 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The Angels scored eight runs in the second inning , including a two - run triple by Maicer Izturis , and a two - run triple by Maicer Izturis . Hunter then hit a two - run homer off Blaine Boyer . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . Stephen Drew hit a two - run homer in the third for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Tony Clark hit his first major league home run for the Diamondbacks , a solo shot in the fourth . The Angels added two runs in the eighth off Scott Schoeneweis . Bobby Abreu reached on an error by Clark at first base and Hunter walked before Rivera singled in a run off Juan Gutierrez . Morales followed with a two - run double to make it 12 - 3 . The Diamondbacks loaded the bases with one out in the first , but Weaver struck out Gerardo Parra and Chris Young to end the inning .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Alex Rodriguez is making the most of his opportunity . Rodriguez hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs to lead the New York Yankees over the Atlanta Braves 11 - 7 on Wednesday night . Rodriguez , who had three hits , drove in four runs and scored twice . Alfredo Aceves ( 5 - 1 ) earned the win with 2 1/3 scoreless innings in relief of Andy Pettitte , who gave up a two - run single to Yunel Escobar in the fourth . Aceves gave up two hits and a walk in 2 1/3 innings . Brian McCann led off the ninth with a homer off David Robertson . Derek Lowe ( 7 - 6 ) gave up a career-high eight runs , six earned , and 11 hits in three - plus innings . The Yankees took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a single by Derek Jeter , a single by Jeter and a single by Johnny Damon . Jeter scored when Mark Teixeira grounded into a double play . Rodriguez added a run-scoring single in the second to make it 3 - 1 . Damon 's bases-loaded triple made it 6 - 1 in the third . Ransom hit a two - run double off Kris Medlen in the fourth to make it 8 - 1 . The Braves cut the lead to 8 - 6 in the fourth on Kotchman 's two - run double and Yunel Escobar 's two - run single off Manny Acosta . Damon added a run-scoring single off Manny Acosta in the eighth .
HOUSTON ( AP ) -- The Kansas City Royals have n't had a winning season so far this season . Miguel Olivo hit a tiebreaking homer in the 11th inning , and the Royals beat the Houston Astros 4 - 3 on Sunday to complete a three - game sweep . Kansas City , which had lost six of its previous seven games , tied a season high with its fourth straight win . Pena 's homer came with one out in the top of the 10th off Tim Byrdak to give Kansas City a 3 - 2 lead . Mitch Maier reached on first baseman Lance Berkman 's fielding error with one out in the ninth and advanced to third on Mike Jacobs ' single to right . DeJesus then blooped a single to right field to score Maier and tie it at 2 . Valverde then walked Billy Butler to load the bases before getting Jose Guillen to pop out to end the game . Darin Erstad 's two - run homer in the sixth inning gave Houston a 2 - 1 lead . Oswalt allowed seven hits and one run with eight strikeouts in six innings . Mark Teahen singled with two outs in the sixth for Houston 's first hit and moved to third on Brayan Pena 's single to right . Hulett 's pinch-hit single to right field scored Teahen and put Kansas City up 1 - 0 . Darin Erstad 's pinch-hit homer in the sixth inning gave Kansas City a 2 - 1 lead . The Royals loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth , but Oswalt struck out Luis Hernandez to end the threat .
DETROIT ( AP ) -- Ryan Raburn 's first career pinch-hit homer was a big one . Raburn hit a two - run homer with one out in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the Detroit Tigers to a 5 - 4 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Raburn , who entered as a pinch hitter in the eighth , hit a 1 - 0 pitch from Joel Zumaya over the wall in left-center for his second homer of the season . Don Kelly scored the winning run on Geovany Soto 's sacrifice fly . Gregg ( 2 - 2 ) gave up a leadoff walk to Don Kelly before retiring Brandon Inge on a popup . Raburn , who had been 0 - for - 12 in his career against the left-hander , then hit a 1 - 0 pitch into the left-field stands . Brandon Lyon ( 3 - 3 ) recorded the final out of the ninth for the win . Brandon Inge hit a two - run homer in the seventh off Carlos Zambrano to give the Tigers a 3 - 2 lead . The Cubs took a 4 - 3 lead in the eighth when Micah Hoffpauir hit a two - run homer off Joel Zumaya . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Alfonso Soriano led off with a single , took second on Ryan Theriot 's single and scored on Derrek Lee 's fielder 's choice . The Tigers tied it in the bottom of the inning when Curtis Granderson doubled and scored on Placido Polanco 's triple . Curtis Granderson led off the bottom of the inning with a double and scored on Placido Polanco 's triple . The Cubs took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth when Bradley walked , Derrek Lee doubled and Soto hit a sacrifice fly .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Hiroki Kuroda was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Kuroda struck out nine in a career-high 8 2/3 innings and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Chicago White Sox 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Kuroda ( 2 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits , including an RBI single to Jermaine Dye in the ninth . Jonathan Broxton got the final out for his 18th save in 20 chances . Kuroda was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Jonathan Broxton got the final out for his 18th save in 20 chances . John Danks ( 5 - 6 ) gave up three runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Rafael Furcal doubled and scored on Orlando Hudson 's double to the right-field corner . Danks hit Andre Ethier with a pitch to load the bases before Russell Martin grounded out to end the inning . Paul Konerko hit a solo homer in the second for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Mitch Jones led off the eighth with a double off Matt Thornton and moved to third on Rafael Furcal 's grounder to third . Orlando Hudson walked , stole second and scored on Blake 's single off Octavio Dotel to make it 5 - 1 . The Dodgers added two more runs in the eighth against Matt Thornton . Mitch Jones led off with a double and advanced to third on Rafael Furcal 's grounder to third . Orlando Hudson walked , stole second and scored on Casey Blake 's two - run single off Octavio Dotel . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Rafael Furcal doubled and scored on Orlando Hudson 's double . Loney hit a two - run homer in the second to make it 3 - 0 . Matt Kemp led off the inning with a walk and scored on Loney 's homer .
ANAHEIM , Calif. ( AP ) -- The Colorado Rockies finally got a home run from their starting pitcher . Seth Smith homered and drove in four runs , Dexter Fowler had two hits and scored twice , and the Rockies beat the Los Angeles Angels 11 - 1 on Wednesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Rockies won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . Aaron Cook ( 7 - 3 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings , struck out four and walked two . Matt Palmer ( 6 - 1 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings , struck out five and walked five . Hawpe 's homer came on a 3 - 1 pitch from Rich Thompson after Dexter Fowler singled and Todd Helton walked with two outs in the fifth . The Rockies tacked on two more in the sixth against Rich Thompson , who was called up from Triple-A Salt Lake earlier in the day . Smith homered to left-center on a 2 - 1 pitch from Rich Thompson , and Todd Helton added an RBI double later in the inning . The Rockies tacked on two more in the ninth against Jason Bulger , who hit Ian Stewart with a pitch and gave up a double to Chris Iannetta . Stewart scored on a wild pitch and Seth Smith added a sacrifice fly . The Rockies scored three runs in the second on RBI singles by Ian Stewart and Seth Smith . The Rockies loaded the bases with no outs in the second on a single by Brad Hawpe , a walk to Tulowitzki and an RBI single by Stewart . Carlos Gonzalez flied out to center before Smith lined a two - run single to center . Morales homered in the fourth for the Angels ' first run .
DENVER ( AP ) -- Freddy Sanchez was n't sure what to expect . Sanchez hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs to lead the Colorado Rockies to a 5 - 4 win over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Sanchez is hitting .319 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last six games . The Rockies have won three of four after losing five of their previous six . Jorge De La Rosa ( 3 - 7 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Huston Street pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 18 chances . Paul Maholm ( 4 - 4 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Andrew McCutchen led off the game with a triple and scored on Freddy Sanchez 's single . Delwyn Young was hit by a pitch to load the bases before De La Rosa struck out Steve Pearce and got Robinzon Diaz to ground out . The Pirates made it 3 - 0 in the second when Andrew McCutchen hit a two - out single and Sanchez followed with a two - run homer to make it 3 - 0 . The Rockies tied it in the bottom of the inning on an RBI single by Dexter Fowler and a run-scoring double by Ryan Spilborghs . The Rockies regained the lead in the bottom of the third on Atkins ' RBI single . Barmes made it 5 - 3 with a solo homer in the fourth . The Pirates got a run back in the sixth on an RBI single by pinch-hitter Brandon Moss .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox are on their longest winning streak of the season . Nick Green hit a leadoff homer in the ninth inning and the Red Sox beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Red Sox won for the fifth time in six games and moved a season-high eight games over .500 . Jonathan Papelbon ( 1 - 1 ) worked out of a bases-loaded jam in the top of the ninth to earn the win . Jeff Bennett ( 2 - 4 ) gave up a leadoff homer to Nick Green in the bottom of the ninth . The Braves had tied it in the seventh when Kelly Johnson doubled and scored on Garret Anderson 's single off Ramon Ramirez . Jonathan Papelbon ( 1 - 1 ) pitched the ninth for the win . Atlanta 's Jair Jurrjens gave up five runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . Braves starter Jair Jurrjens gave up five runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a single by Nate McLouth , a single by Yunel Escobar and a two - run double by Brian McCann . The Red Sox took a 3 - 2 lead in the bottom of the first on a sacrifice fly by Jason Bay and Ortiz 's two - run homer . The Red Sox added a run in the fourth on a single by Ortiz , a single by Ortiz and a single by Jacoby Ellsbury . George Kottaras then hit a sacrifice fly off Ramon Ramirez to make it 4 - 2 . The Braves cut it to 4 - 4 in the seventh on Gregor Blanco 's RBI single and McLouth 's run-scoring single off Ramon Ramirez .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Chris Carpenter was n't going to let the game get away from him . Khalil Greene hit a three - run homer in the ninth inning , Khalil Greene added a three - run shot and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Kansas City Royals 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Carpenter ( 5 - 1 ) gave up one run and three hits in 7 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out six . Ryan Franklin got the last four outs for his 17th save in 18 opportunities , striking out Miguel Olivo to end the game with runners on first and third . Brian Bannister ( 5 - 4 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in eight innings . He struck out four without a walk . Pujols ' homer came after Skip Schumaker led off the sixth with a single . Mitch Maier doubled with two outs in the eighth and scored on Willie Bloomquist 's single off Trever Miller . Ryan Franklin came on and got David DeJesus to fly out to center for his 17th save in 18 opportunities . The Royals scored their only run off Carpenter in the eighth when Mitch Maier doubled with two outs and scored on Willie Bloomquist 's single off Trever Miller . Ryan Franklin came on and got Mike Jacobs to fly out to center for his 17th save in 18 opportunities . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Rick Ankiel led off with a single and advanced to second when right fielder Jose Guillen bobbled the ball for an error . Ankiel scored on Brendan Ryan 's single . The Cardinals scored their first run in the third when Rick Ankiel led off with a single and advanced to second on a throwing error by right fielder Jose Guillen . Ankiel scored on Brendan Ryan 's single to right . The Royals did n't get a runner past first until Mark Teahen led off the third with a triple to right . Carpenter then struck out Miguel Olivo and retired Mitch Maier and David DeJesus on groundouts . The Royals did n't get a runner past first until Mark Teahen led off the third with a triple to the gap in right-center . Carpenter then struck out Miguel Olivo and got David DeJesus to ground out .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) -- The Baltimore Orioles did n't get a runner past first base until the ninth inning . Nolan Reimold led off the ninth with a homer and Nick Markakis added a two - run double to lead the Orioles to a 7 - 2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Friday night . The Orioles won for the fifth time in six games . Rich Hill ( 3 - 1 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings to win his third straight start . Antonio Bastardo ( 2 - 2 ) gave up four runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the second time in his last three starts . The Phillies have lost three straight and five of six . Jayson Werth 's two - out , two - run double in the first inning gave Baltimore a 2 - 0 lead . The Orioles took a 3 - 2 lead in the second on a two - run double by Matt Wieters and an RBI single by Rich Hill . The Orioles went ahead 4 - 2 in the sixth when Nick Markakis singled and scored on Huff 's one - out double . Nolan Reimold hit a solo homer off Jack Taschner in the ninth for the Orioles , who have won four of five . George Sherrill gave up a two - out walk to Jimmy Rollins and hit Shane Victorino with a pitch to load the bases with two outs in the ninth . Sherrill struck out Chase Utley to end the game . The Phillies threatened in the ninth against George Sherrill , who walked Jimmy Rollins and hit Shane Victorino with a pitch with two outs . Sherrill then struck out Chase Utley to end the game .
DETROIT ( AP ) -- Marcus Thames is making the most of his opportunity . Thames homered twice and drove in four runs to lead the Detroit Tigers to a 10 - 4 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . The Tigers have won four of their last five games . Thames is hitting .296 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last 10 games . Granderson 's two - run homer in the fourth off Braden Looper ( 5 - 4 ) gave Detroit a 7 - 4 lead . Thames hit a two - run homer off Chris Narveson in the seventh to make it 10 - 4 . Zach Miner ( 4 - 1 ) pitched 2 1/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . Braden Looper ( 5 - 4 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked none . Fielder hit a three - run homer in the first off Armando Galarraga , who gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in four - plus innings . Thames hit a two - run homer in the first , his ninth of the season and second in as many games . Cabrera tied it in the bottom of the third with his second homer of the game , but Cabrera tied it with a solo shot in the bottom of the inning . The Tigers tied it in the bottom of the inning on Dusty Ryan 's RBI double and Adam Everett 's RBI single and Granderson 's two - run homer off Chris Narveson .
TORONTO ( AP ) -- The Florida Marlins are starting to look like themselves . Alex Rios went 4 - for - 4 with a homer and two RBIs and the Marlins beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6 - 5 on Sunday to complete a three - game sweep . The Marlins won for the fifth time in six games and improved to 6 - 1 on their 10-game road trip . Sean West ( 2 - 1 ) allowed four runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out none . Matt Lindstrom worked the ninth for his 12th save in 13 chances . Casey Janssen ( 2 - 3 ) allowed five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out one . The Marlins opened the scoring in the first when Hanley Ramirez hit an RBI double and scored on a double by Ramirez . Hermida made it 3 - 0 with a two - run homer in the third , his second . Ross hit a two - run homer off Janssen in the fourth , his second . The Marlins made it 6 - 2 in the sixth when Cody Ross doubled , went to third on Helms ' single and scored when Coghlan grounded into a double play . The Marlins made it 6 - 2 in the sixth when Cody Ross doubled , went to third on Helms ' single and scored when Coghlan grounded into a double play . The Blue Jays cut it to 6 - 5 in the seventh when Marco Scutaro scored from second when Helms dropped Wells ' fly ball for an error .
ARLINGTON , Matt Kemp -- Matt Kemp is hitting the ball hard . Kemp hit a tiebreaking two - run homer in the seventh inning , Matt Kemp added a two - run shot and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Texas Rangers 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Kemp 's homer was his sixth of the season and second in two games . Cory Wade ( 2 - 3 ) got the win despite giving up a tying homer to Andruw Jones in the sixth . Jason Grilli ( 0 - 2 ) gave up a one - out walk to Mark Loretta and a two - out homer to Kemp . The Rangers had runners at the corners with two outs in the seventh , but Ramon Troncoso got pinch-hitter Hank Blalock to fly out to end the inning . Jonathan Broxton pitched a perfect ninth for his 15th save in 18 chances . The Rangers , who had won four of their previous five games , have lost five of their last six games . Juan Pierre led off the sixth with a single against Eddie Guardado and stole second . He scored on Rafael Furcal 's groundout . Cory Wade ( 2 - 3 ) got the win despite giving up a tying homer to Andruw Jones in the sixth . Rangers starter Scott Feldman allowed three hits over five scoreless innings , striking out one . Feldman gave up three hits in five scoreless innings .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) -- The Boston Red Sox are making a habit of finishing out of the pennant race . Jacoby Ellsbury and Mike Lowell hit RBI singles in the 13th inning , and the Red Sox beat the Philadelphia Phillies 5 - 2 on Sunday to complete a three - game sweep . The Red Sox won for the fifth time in six games . Ryan Howard hit a tying homer off Ramon Ramirez in the ninth to tie it at 2 . Jason Bay singled with one out in the 13th off Kyle Kendrick ( 0 - 1 ) and went to second on Julio Lugo 's single . After Jason Varitek walked to load the bases , Ellsbury and Lowell hit consecutive singles to make it 5 - 2 . The Phillies have lost five of six . Chase Utley led off the 13th with a walk and Jayson Werth struck out . Ryan Howard struck out and Raul Ibanez was hit by a pitch to load the bases . Pinch-hitter Matt Stairs flied out to end the game . Ryan Howard hit a solo homer off Ramon Ramirez in the bottom of the ninth to tie it at 2 . Daniel Bard pitched the 13th for his first save , striking out Shane Victorino with the tying run on second to end it . The Phillies have lost five of six . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Raul Ibanez led off with a single and Shane Victorino followed with a double . Ibanez scored on Pedro Feliz 's groundout to give the Phillies a 1 - 0 lead . Youkilis led off the fourth with a homer to right to tie it at 1 . Drew put the Red Sox up 2 - 1 in the fifth with a solo shot to right . It was his fourth of the season and second in two days .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Chase Utley is making a strong case to stay in the majors . Utley homered twice , including a tiebreaking shot in the 11th inning , and the Philadelphia Phillies rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . The NL East-leading Phillies won for just the second time in eight games . Utley connected off Bobby Parnell ( 2 - 1 ) leading off the 11th for his second home run of the season . Parnell ( 2 - 1 ) was charged with the loss . Ryan Madson pitched a perfect 11th for his third save in four chances . Chan Ho Park ( 2 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . David Wright hit a two - out single in the 10th for New York , which has lost four of five . The Mets loaded the bases with two outs in the ninth against Park , but Luis Castillo grounded out to end the inning . New York scored three times in the seventh to tie it . Ryan Howard and Raul Ibanez started the inning with singles and Jayson Werth singled to load the bases for Pedro Feliz , who singled in a run . Scott Eyre came in and retired pinch-hitter Daniel Murphy on a called third strike to end the threat . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Mike Pelfrey hit a leadoff double and scored on Alex Cora 's fielder 's choice . Utley hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Phillies ' first hit off Pelfrey .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Justin Verlander was n't going to let the game get away from him . Verlander struck out nine in a six - hitter , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Chicago White Sox 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 7 - 2 ) gave up six hits , walked one and threw a season-high 122 pitches . He threw 122 pitches , 89 for strikes . Verlander did n't allow a hit until Jermaine Dye led off the bottom of the ninth with a drive to the warning track in center . He struck out Jim Thome and Josh Fields to end the game . John Danks ( 4 - 5 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . Everett , who hit a solo homer in the sixth , led off the bottom of the inning with a drive to left . The Tigers added a run in the seventh on Magglio Ordonez 's single and Miguel Cabrera 's single . Brandon Inge was hit by a pitch to load the bases and Ryan Raburn walked to force in a run . Danks then struck out Adam Everett and Dane Sardinha to end the inning . Jim Thome led off the bottom of the seventh with a homer to left , cutting Detroit 's lead to 2 - 1 . Chris Getz led off the bottom half with a single and moved to second on Brian Anderson 's sacrifice bunt . After Scott Podsednik grounded out , Verlander struck out Alexei Ramirez to end the inning . The White Sox threatened in the eighth when Chris Getz led off with a single and moved to second on Brian Anderson 's sacrifice bunt . Getz advanced to third on Scott Podsednik 's grounder to third , but Verlander struck out Alexei Ramirez to end the inning . Verlander struck out Thome and Josh Fields to end the game .
BOSTON ( AP ) -- Josh Beckett was n't going to let the game get away from him . Beckett struck out eight in six shutout innings , and the Boston Red Sox beat the New York Yankees 7 - 0 on Wednesday night . Beckett ( 7 - 2 ) allowed one hit and two walks while striking out eight . The Red Sox won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . The Yankees have lost four of five . A. J. Burnett ( 4 - 3 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and five hits in 2 2/3 innings . He walked five and struck out one . The Red Sox jumped ahead 4 - 0 in the second on a two - run double by Drew and a two - run double by Drew . The Red Sox made it 5 - 0 in the third on a two - out RBI double by Nick Green . The Red Sox made it 6 - 0 in the fourth on Mike Lowell 's RBI single . Green made it 7 - 0 in the seventh with a two - out homer off Jose Veras . The Red Sox made it 7 - 0 in the seventh on Nick Green 's homer off Jose Veras . The Yankees had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Ramon Ramirez got Johnny Damon to ground into a double play .
DETROIT ( AP ) -- Clete Thomas was n't sure he 'd ever hit a grand slam . Thomas ' grand slam gave the Detroit Tigers a 9 - 6 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Thomas ' drive to right field was his first career grand slam and the first of his career , giving the Tigers a 9 - 5 lead . It was his second homer of the season and first since May 7 , when he was with the New York Yankees . It was the second career grand slam for Thomas , who is hitting .248 with four homers and seven RBIs in his last six games . Thomas ' homer came after Jose Arredondo ( 1 - 3 ) walked Ryan Raburn and Adam Everett . Joel Zumaya ( 2 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up a run in the eighth . Tigers closer Fernando Rodney gave up a run in the ninth on Juan Rivera 's RBI double . Angels starter Joe Saunders gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out five . The Angels took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on Figgins ' leadoff homer and Rivera 's two - run shot . The Tigers got two runs back in the bottom of the first on Inge 's two - out , two - run single . The Tigers loaded the bases in the third on Miguel Cabrera 's walk , a single by Marcus Thames and a two - out walk to Gerald Laird . Everett then lined a two - run single to center . The Angels tied it in the sixth when Morales led off with a double and scored on Aybar 's two - out single off Ryan Perry .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Chipper Jones was n't sure if he 'd ever hit two homers in a game . The Atlanta Braves third baseman hit two home runs and drove in five runs to lead the Atlanta Braves to an 8 - 7 win over the Milwaukee Brewers on Friday night . Jones is hitting .329 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last 10 games . Braun 's two - run homer in the sixth gave the Brewers a 5 - 5 lead . He also had a two - run shot in the sixth that gave the Brewers a 7 - 5 lead . Martin Prado led off the eighth with a single off Carlos Villanueva ( 2 - 4 ) and scored on Brian McCann 's one - out double . Nate McLouth 's RBI double made it 7 - 6 . Villanueva ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four hits and three runs in one inning . The Braves trailed 7 - 5 before scoring three runs in the eighth off Brewers reliever Carlos Villanueva ( 2 - 4 ) . Prado led off with a single and scored on Brian McCann 's one - out double . Nate McLouth 's RBI double made it 7 - 6 , and Yunel Escobar added a run-scoring single to make it 8 - 7 . Mike Gonzalez pitched the ninth for his eighth save in 10 chances . The Brewers trailed 5 - 3 before scoring three runs in the sixth . J. J. Hardy drew a leadoff walk and scored on Braun 's homer . Prince Fielder followed with a single before Cameron 's homer . Braves starter Tommy Hanson gave up seven runs , six earned , on six hits and a walk in six innings . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Yunel Escobar singled with one out and scored on Jones ' triple to the gap in right-center . Jones ' third homer gave the Braves a 2 - 0 lead in the third . The Brewers tied it in the fourth when J. J. Hardy reached on shortstop Escobar 's fielding error and Braun followed with his second homer . Parra 's RBI double in the fifth gave Atlanta a 3 - 2 lead .
TORONTO ( AP ) -- Luke Hochevar was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Hochevar pitched into the seventh inning , Mark Teahen and Mark Teahen hit two - run homers and the Kansas City Royals beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hochevar ( 1 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 6 2/3 innings , walked two and struck out three . Mark Teahen hit a two - run homer in the fifth and Willie Bloomquist added a three - run triple for the Royals , who have won four of five . Scott Richmond ( 4 - 3 ) allowed five runs and five hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Raul Chavez gave the Blue Jays a 2 - 0 lead with a two - run homer to left in the third , his second in as many days . Bloomquist hit a three - run triple off Richmond in the fifth and the Royals made it 5 - 2 in the bottom half on Teahen 's two - run homer and Bloomquist 's three - run triple . Teahen added an RBI single off Jesse Carlson in the eighth . The Blue Jays made it 5 - 2 in the seventh when Teahen bobbled Millar 's two - out grounder for an error and Lyle Overbay followed with a double . Kyle Farnsworth came on and got Raul Chavez to ground out . The Royals made it 6 - 2 in the eighth when Billy Butler doubled and scored on Teahen 's two - out single off Jesse Carlson . The Blue Jays made it 6 - 2 in the eighth when Billy Butler doubled and scored on Teahen 's two - out single off Jesse Carlson . Kyle Farnsworth pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings and Kyle Farnsworth got the final four outs of the eighth . The Blue Jays have lost four of five .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- John Smoltz was n't sure what to expect when he took the mound for the first time in more than a month . Smoltz won for the first time in four starts , and the Boston Red Sox beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 5 on Wednesday night . Smoltz ( 2 - 4 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in six - plus innings . The right-hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts , but the Red Sox won for the 10th time in 12 games . Kevin Youkilis hit a two - run homer for the Red Sox , and David Ortiz also connected for the Red Sox , who took two of three from the Orioles . Jonathan Papelbon worked a perfect ninth for his 27th save . Jeremy Guthrie ( 7 - 10 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . The Red Sox went up 1 - 0 in the second inning when Jason Bay drew a leadoff walk and scored on a sacrifice fly by Nick Green . Ortiz made it 3 - 0 in the third with his 12th home run , a drive to left that traveled an estimated 423 feet . Baltimore got a run back in the bottom half when Matt Wieters singled , took second on a sacrifice bunt by Cesar Izturis and scored on a single by Brian Roberts . Reimold then hit a 1 - 1 pitch into the left-field seats for a 3 - 0 lead . Ellsbury led off the fifth with a drive to left , his fourth of the season and second in two games . Ellsbury hit a one - out single in the sixth before Huff hit a two - run shot to left . It was his fourth of the season and second in two games .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Howie Kendrick is making the most of his opportunity . Kendrick had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in five runs , leading the Los Angeles Angels to a 9 - 3 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Friday night . Kendrick had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in five runs . The Angels scored four runs in the fifth against Aaron Laffey ( 4 - 3 ) , who was charged with seven runs -- four earned -- and seven hits in four - plus innings . The right-hander , who had won his previous three starts , was charged with seven runs -- four earned -- and seven hits in four - plus innings . Kendrick 's two - run homer off Tony Sipp in the seventh was his fourth of the season and second in two days . John Lackey ( 7 - 4 ) gave up one run and three hits over seven innings , striking out eight and walking four . Aaron Laffey ( 4 - 3 ) gave up seven runs -- four earned -- and seven hits over four innings in his shortest start of the season . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on RBI singles by Kendrys Morales and Howie Kendrick . Jhonny Peralta drove in Cleveland 's first run with a sacrifice fly in the fourth . The Angels increased their margin to 7 - 1 with three runs in the fifth . Chone Figgins and Maicer Izturis singled to start the inning and Abreu followed with an RBI single . Juan Rivera followed with a grounder to second baseman Luis Valbuena , who threw wildly to the plate for an error , allowing Izturis to score . Kendrys Morales followed with an RBI double , and Howie Kendrick capped the rally with a two - run single . The Indians loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh against Bobby Mosebach , who walked Kelly Shoppach and Grady Sizemore before Shane Loux came in and struck out Asdrubal Cabrera . Kelly Shoppach had a two - run double in the ninth for Cleveland , which has lost four of five . Shane Loux got the final two outs of the ninth .
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- Ichiro Suzuki was n't surprised to see his teammates do the same . The Seattle slugger was n't surprised to see his teammates do it . Suzuki hit a game-ending single in the ninth inning to give the Mariners a 4 - 3 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night . Ichiro Suzuki had three hits and drove in a run for the AL West leaders , who have won six of their last seven games . The Mariners loaded the bases in the ninth against Scott Downs ( 1 - 3 ) on a single by Jack Hannahan , a walk to Rob Johnson and a bunt single by Chris Woodward . Pinch-hitter Jose Lopez grounded into a forceout at the plate , but Suzuki lined a single to right . David Aardsma ( 3 - 3 ) pitched the ninth for the win . The Blue Jays rallied for two runs in the eighth off Mark Lowe . Marco Scutaro led off with a double and scored on Aaron Hill 's double . Washburn allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out one . Blue Jays left-hander Marc Rzepczynski struck out eight in 5 1/3 innings , giving up three runs and five hits . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Ichiro Suzuki singled and scored on Mike Sweeney 's groundout . The Mariners finally broke through in the sixth . Ichiro Suzuki drew a leadoff walk , Franklin Gutierrez singled and Mike Sweeney reached on a fielder 's choice . Chris Shelton 's double down the left-field line scored Suzuki to make it 2 - 0 . Jack Hannahan followed with an RBI single off Shawn Camp to make it 3 - 0 . The Blue Jays got a run back in the seventh on a single by Scott Rolen and a single by Rios . Rolen scored on Jose Bautista 's sacrifice fly . The Blue Jays tied it in the eighth against Mark Lowe . Marco Scutaro led off with a double and scored on Aaron Hill 's double to deep left . Rios tied it with a double to right .
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- The Cleveland Indians had a lot to do with it . Jhonny Peralta hit a grand slam in Cleveland 's eight - run fifth inning , Travis Hafner and Grady Sizemore also went deep and the Indians beat the Seattle Mariners 12 - 3 on Wednesday night . The Indians won for the seventh time in eight games and moved two games over .500 for the first time this season . Lee ( 7 - 9 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Peralta 's grand slam off Jason Vargas ( 3 - 4 ) capped a seven - run fifth inning that gave the Indians an 11 - 2 lead . Jason Vargas ( 3 - 4 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in four - plus innings . He walked one and struck out two . Hafner and Francisco homered in the sixth off Miguel Batista to give Cleveland an 11 - 2 lead . The Indians added a run in the eighth off Sean White . Valbuena led off with a triple and scored on Travis Hafner 's sacrifice fly . Sizemore led off the game with a home run , his fourth of the season and second in two games . The Indians tied it in the fourth on a two - out double by Ben Francisco and an RBI single by Jamey Carroll . Francisco doubled with two outs in the fourth and scored on Carroll 's single to tie it at 2 . Hafner and Francisco hit back-to-back homers in the sixth off Miguel Batista to make it 11 - 2 .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- The Chicago Cubs have been in first place in the NL Central since the All-Star break . Jake Fox hit a tiebreaking RBI single in the eighth inning , and the Cubs beat the Cincinnati Reds 5 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight victory . The Cubs won for the seventh time in nine games and moved within a half-game of first-place St. Louis in the NL Central . Harden ( 7 - 6 ) allowed one hit and one run in six innings , struck out eight and walked none . Kevin Gregg got the final out for his 21st save in 23 chances . Micah Owings ( 6 - 11 ) gave up two runs and three hits in three innings . He walked four and struck out two . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . Joey Votto hit a solo homer in the first for the Reds , who have lost four of five . The Cubs tied it in the second on Kosuke Fukudome 's bases-loaded walk , but Ryan Theriot popped out to end the inning . The Cubs went ahead in the third when Bradley walked with two outs and scored on Soriano 's double down the left-field line . The Cubs added a run in the seventh off Nick Masset . Ryan Theriot led off with a single and Aramis Ramirez followed with a double . Jake Fox followed with an RBI single to put the Cubs up 3 - 1 . The Cubs added a run in the seventh off Nick Masset . Ryan Theriot led off with a single and Aramis Ramirez followed with a double . Theriot scored on Fox 's single off Nick Masset .
BOSTON ( AP ) -- The Boston Red Sox are making the most of it . The Red Sox won for the seventh time in eight games , beating the Baltimore Orioles 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . The Red Sox won for the seventh time in nine games and moved within one game of first-place Tampa Bay in the AL East . Brad Penny ( 7 - 4 ) gave up an unearned run and five hits in 6 1/3 innings , striking out four and walking none . Jonathan Papelbon worked the ninth for his 25th save . Brad Bergesen ( 6 - 5 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out five . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Nolan Reimold singled , stole second and advanced to third on a throwing error by catcher Jason Varitek . Reimold scored on Melvin Mora 's sacrifice fly . The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth when J. D. Drew singled , took third on Mike Lowell 's double and scored on Jason Varitek 's single . Lowell scored on Jed Lowrie 's sacrifice fly . The Red Sox made it 3 - 1 in the fifth on a walk to Kevin Youkilis and a single by Ortiz . Manny Delcarmen came in and retired Luke Scott on a grounder , then struck out Melvin Mora to end the inning . The Orioles had runners on first and third with one out in the seventh , but Manny Delcarmen struck out Luke Scott and Melvin Mora to end the inning . Jonathan Papelbon worked the ninth for his 25th save .
TORONTO -- The Tampa Bay Rays have been waiting all season to win . Evan Longoria hit a go-ahead , two - run double in the 10th inning , and the Rays beat the Toronto Blue Jays 4 - 2 on Sunday to complete a three - game sweep . The Rays won for the fifth time in six games and improved to 6 - 1 on their 10-game road trip . Garza ( 7 - 7 ) gave up two runs and five hits in a season-high nine innings , walked none and struck out nine . Garza , who won for the first time in four starts , walked none and struck out a season-high nine . He fanned Aaron Hill , Adam Lind and Scott Rolen in the ninth . Scott Downs ( 1 - 2 ) came on in the 10th and walked Michel Hernandez to begin the inning . After Melvin Upton Jr. grounded into a fielder 's choice , Carl Crawford walked and Longoria lined a 3 - 2 pitch into the gap in left-center . The Rays had runners at first and third with two outs in the ninth , but Gabe Gross grounded out . Halladay allowed two runs , one earned , and four hits in a season-high nine innings . He walked three and struck out 10 . The Rays opened the scoring in the third when Jason Bartlett drew a leadoff walk and took third on B. J. Upton 's double . Carl Crawford followed with a sacrifice fly , and Evan Longoria made it 2 - 0 with a sacrifice fly . The Blue Jays tied it in the third when Alex Rios singled , took second on a throwing error by Longoria and scored on Marco Scutaro 's two - out single . Aaron Hill followed with an RBI double . The Blue Jays tied it with a two - out rally in the bottom half . Alex Rios singled , took second on a throwing error by third baseman Longoria and scored on Marco Scutaro 's two - out single . Aaron Hill followed with a two - out RBI double . The Blue Jays tied it in the fourth when Scott Rolen hit a leadoff double , but Vernon Wells struck out and Alex Rios grounded out .
SAN DIEGO -- Ricky Nolasco has been one of the best pitchers in the majors . Nolasco pitched two - hit ball into the seventh inning , leading the Florida Marlins to a 5 - 0 victory over the San Diego Padres on Friday night . Nolasco ( 7 - 7 ) struck out 10 in 6 1/3 innings , allowing two hits and three walks . Chris Coghlan hit a two - run homer and Chris Coghlan added a two - run shot for the Marlins , who won for the fourth time in five games . Chris Coghlan hit a two - run homer off Heath Bell in the ninth to give the Marlins a 5 - 0 lead . Josh Geer ( 1 - 6 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings , struck out four and walked one . Hanley Ramirez doubled with one out in the sixth and scored on Uggla 's two - out single to right . The Padres loaded the bases with one out in the seventh on a walk to Adrian Gonzalez , a single by Drew Macias and a walk to Kyle Blanks . Brendan Donnelly came on and struck out pinch-hitter Chase Headley . The Marlins added an unearned run in the eighth when Chris Coghlan reached on second baseman Luis Rodriguez 's fielding error , moved to second on Emilio Bonifacio 's sacrifice bunt and scored when Cabrera misplayed Jeremy Hermida 's grounder for an error . Hermida homered leading off the second to give the Marlins a 1 - 0 lead . Hermida led off the second with a homer to left , his fourth . Ramirez doubled with one out in the sixth and scored on Uggla 's two - out single .
WASHINGTON -- Craig Stammen was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Josh Willingham hit a tiebreaking two - run homer in the sixth inning and the Washington Nationals beat the New York Mets 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Stammen ( 3 - 5 ) allowed one run and four hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Mike MacDougal worked a perfect ninth for his sixth save in six tries . Mike Pelfrey ( 7 - 6 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . The Mets have lost four straight and six of seven . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Nick Johnson walked , took third on Josh Willingham 's double and scored on Ronnie Belliard 's sacrifice fly . The Mets tied it in the sixth . Angel Pagan hit a one - out triple and scored when shortstop Cristian Guzman 's relay throw to first sailed into left field for an error . Fernando Tatis followed with a double to left , but David Wright lined out to third to end the inning . Willingham hit a two - run homer in the sixth to put the Nationals up 3 - 1 . Pinch-hitter Jeremy Reed doubled with one out in the eighth for New York 's first hit , but Jason Bergmann got the next two batters to pop out to end the threat . Jason Bergmann got the last out of the eighth , and Joe Beimel got the final two outs of the inning . Pinch-hitter Jeremy Reed doubled with one out in the eighth for New York 's first hit , but was stranded when Fernando Tatis popped out and Daniel Murphy flied out . Mike MacDougal pitched a perfect ninth for his sixth save in six chances .
TORONTO ( AP ) -- Marco Scutaro was n't sure if he 'd hit two home runs . Scutaro hit two home runs and drove in four runs to lead the Toronto Blue Jays to a 10 - 6 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Scutaro , who has hit safely in 10 of his past 12 games , went 2 - for - 4 with a walk and four RBIs . Scutaro hit a three - run homer off Jose Veras in the sixth to give the Blue Jays a 10 - 4 lead . Ricky Romero ( 8 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out two . Carl Pavano ( 8 - 8 ) allowed seven runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings , matching his shortest outing of the season . He walked two and struck out four . Rios led off the fifth with a drive to center , his eighth of the season and second in two games . Scutaro and Scutaro each hit solo shots off Jose Veras in the fifth . Luis Valbuena hit a three - run homer off Romero in the sixth to cut it to 7 - 4 , but Cleveland tied it in the bottom half on Jhonny Peralta 's RBI double and Ben Francisco 's RBI single off Jesse Carlson . Cleveland opened the scoring in the first when Grady Sizemore walked , took third on a double by Asdrubal Cabrera and scored on a groundout by Travis Hafner . The Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half when Wells hit a two - out homer into the second deck in left , his eighth . Hill made it 2 - 1 with a leadoff homer to left in the bottom of the inning , his eighth . Toronto chased Pavano in the fifth . Rios led off with a homer to left , his eighth , and Adam Lind and Overbay added RBI doubles .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Tommy Hunter has been on a roll . Hunter allowed one run over six innings in his first start of the season , and the Texas Rangers beat the Boston Red Sox 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hunter ( 2 - 1 ) struck out two , walked one and allowed only one runner past first base . The Red Sox had the bases loaded with one out in the sixth when Dustin Pedroia singled and scored on a double by Kevin Youkilis . But David Ortiz popped out to end the inning . C. J. Wilson gave up a run in the ninth before getting Jason Varitek to ground out for his ninth save in 12 chances . Josh Beckett ( 11 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Ian Kinsler had a leadoff double in the first and scored on Hank Blalock 's two - run single . Elvis Andrus had a leadoff single in the eighth and stole second before Kinsler 's fly ball to the warning track in center . Kevin Youkilis had a two - out RBI double in the sixth for Boston . Beckett ( 11 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Jason Jennings walked Jason Bay leading off the seventh and then gave up a single to Hank Blalock before striking out Marlon Byrd . Murphy followed with a sacrifice fly to make it 3 - 1 . Elvis Andrus led off the Rangers eighth with a single , stole second and scored on Hamilton 's single .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- The way Braden Looper has been pitching lately , it was n't easy . Looper pitched seven shutout innings and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Looper ( 9 - 4 ) gave up four hits and three walks while striking out one . The right-hander is 6 - 0 in his last seven starts . Trevor Hoffman worked a perfect ninth for his 22nd save in 23 opportunities . Virgil Vasquez ( 1 - 4 ) gave up two runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings , striking out four and walking none . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games . Fielder 's fifth-inning single drove in Craig Counsell , who had singled and moved to third on a double by Craig Counsell . Fielder added an RBI single in the seventh off John Grabow . Fielder 's single in the seventh off John Grabow scored Craig Counsell , who had singled and moved to second on Ryan Braun 's single . The Brewers had runners on first and third with two outs in the third but Ryan Braun flied out to end the threat . Kendall led off the third with a double and advanced to third on a sacrifice bunt by Looper , but Ryan Braun flied out to end the threat . The Brewers ' first run came in the fifth when Felipe Lopez singled , took third on a double by Counsell and scored on Fielder 's single .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Minnesota Twins manager Ron Gardenhire was n't sure whether he 'd be ready to play again . Joe Mauer singled with one out in the 10th inning and scored on Michael Cuddyer 's two - out triple to lift the Minnesota Twins to a 3 - 2 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Wednesday night . The Twins , who have the best record in the American League , have won six of their last seven games . Matt Guerrier ( 5 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Joe Mauer singled with one out in the 10th off Andrew Bailey ( 4 - 3 ) and scored on Cuddyer 's triple to right . Matt Guerrier ( 5 - 0 ) pitched two perfect innings for the win . A 's starter Dallas Braden allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings , struck out three and walked four . The A 's scored twice in the third on a groundout by Adam Kennedy and an RBI single by Orlando Cabrera . The Twins tied it in the fourth when Joe Crede hit a one - out double and scored on Delmon Young 's triple . Young scored on Nick Punto 's sacrifice fly . The Twins tied it in the fourth when Joe Crede hit a one - out double and scored on Delmon Young 's triple . Young scored on Nick Punto 's sacrifice fly to tie the game at 2 . A 's manager Bob Melvin was ejected by home plate umpire Bill Hohn for arguing a called third strike on the first pitch of the at-bat . The Twins have won three of their last four series against the A 's .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- The New York Yankees are on a roll . Hideki Matsui homered with one out in the bottom of the ninth inning to give New York a 2 - 1 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Wednesday night . The Yankees won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . Matsui hit a 2 - 2 pitch from Jim Johnson ( 3 - 4 ) into the Yankees ' bullpen in right-center field for his sixth homer of the season . He connected on a 2 - 2 pitch from Johnson ( 3 - 4 ) for his sixth homer of the season . It was the first game-ending homer for the Yankees , who won for only the second time in eight games . Alfredo Aceves ( 6 - 1 ) got the last two outs of the ninth to earn the win . Phil Coke pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth for the Yankees . Matsui hit a 2 - 2 pitch from Jim Johnson ( 3 - 4 ) into the Yankees ' bullpen in right-center . Phil Coke pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth for the Yankees . Alfredo Aceves ( 6 - 1 ) got the last two outs of the ninth for the win . New York won for the fourth time in five games . Andy Pettitte gave up one run and six hits in 7 1/3 innings , striking out eight and walking two . Nick Markakis hit a solo homer in the first for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Eric Hinske tied it in the second with a leadoff homer to right . The Orioles loaded the bases with one out in the fifth , but Pettitte struck out Cesar Izturis and got Brian Roberts to fly out . Cesar Izturis singled with one out in the eighth for Baltimore 's first hit . Brian Roberts doubled to put runners at second and third with one out , but Phil Coke came in and got Nick Markakis to ground into a fielder 's choice to end the threat . Cesar Izturis singled with one out in the eighth for Baltimore 's first hit and Brian Roberts doubled to put runners at second and third with one out . Nick Markakis hit a grounder to the mound and Adam Jones threw out Izturis at the plate .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- Jonny Gomes was n't sure what to expect . Gomes hit a tiebreaking , two - run homer in the eighth inning , and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Milwaukee Brewers 5 - 3 on Wednesday night . Fielder has been one of the hottest hitters in the National League . Gomes hit a two - run homer off Seth McClung ( 3 - 3 ) for a 5 - 3 lead in the eighth . Gomes ' homer was his first since July 7 . Francisco Cordero pitched a perfect ninth for his 22nd save in 23 chances . Cincinnati 's Johnny Cueto gave up three runs and 10 hits in six innings . Brewers starter Yovani Gallardo gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Brandon Phillips ' two - run single in the first inning gave the Reds a 2 - 0 lead . The Brewers cut it to 2 - 1 in the second when Prince Fielder led off with a double , moved to third on Corey Hart 's single and scored on a fielder 's choice by J. J. Hardy . The Brewers regained the lead in the third . Mike Cameron singled with one out and Ryan Braun reached on a fielder 's choice . Fielder then drove a 1 - 2 pitch into the left-field seats for his eighth homer of the season . The Reds tied it in the bottom of the third on a single by Joey Votto , a groundout by Brandon Phillips and an RBI single by Jonny Gomes .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- Roy Oswalt 's first complete game of the season was a big one . Oswalt pitched a four - hitter for his first major league complete game and the Houston Astros beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 8 - 1 on Wednesday night . Oswalt ( 6 - 4 ) struck out five and walked none while throwing 73 of his 105 pitches for strikes . The Astros jumped on Chad Billingsley ( 9 - 5 ) for four runs in the first inning , highlighted by Hunter Pence 's two - run double and Ivan Rodriguez 's RBI single . Billingsley ( 9 - 5 ) was charged with six runs and nine hits in 1 2/3 innings , struck out two and walked none in his shortest outing of the season . The Astros jumped on Billingsley for four runs in the first , highlighted by Pence 's two - run double and Ivan Rodriguez 's RBI single . The Astros extended their lead to 6 - 0 in the second when Michael Bourn singled , Kaz Matsui singled and Blum hit a two - run double into the left-field corner . Ivan Rodriguez extended his hitting streak to 12 games with a solo homer in the third . Orlando Hudson tripled and scored on Russell Martin 's groundout in the third for the Dodgers ' only run . The Astros extended their lead to 8 - 1 in the fifth when Ivan Rodriguez singled , took second on Oswalt 's sacrifice and scored on Michael Bourn 's double . Bourn 's RBI double made it 8 - 1 in the fifth . Weaver allowed two runs and four hits in 4 1/3 innings , struck out two and walked one .
MIAMI ( AP ) -- Chase Utley had a lot to do with it . Utley hit a tiebreaking single in the 12th inning , and the Philadelphia Phillies rallied for a 6 - 5 victory over the Florida Marlins on Wednesday night . The Phillies won for only the fourth time in their past 13 games . Jimmy Rollins led off the 12th with a single off Burke Badenhop ( 5 - 4 ) . Rollins advanced to second on Shane Victorino 's sacrifice bunt and scored on Utley 's single to right . Lidge then walked Jeremy Hermida and gave up a two - out single to Chris Coghlan . Lidge then uncorked a wild pitch that allowed Paulino to score the tying run . The Marlins scored twice in the 12th on a wild pitch by Brad Lidge , who had been 0 for 2 with two walks in his first two games . The Marlins , who have the worst record in the majors , lost for the fifth time in six games . The Marlins trailed 4 - 2 in the eighth when Hanley Ramirez led off with a single against Ryan Madson . He moved to second on Cody Ross ' groundout and scored on Ronny Paulino 's single . Romero walked Jeremy Hermida to load the bases . J. C. Romero came on to face Helms , who drove in Paulino with a single to center . Raul Ibanez then grounded out to end the inning . Chris Coghlan hit a solo homer for the Marlins in the bottom of the first . The Phillies took a 4 - 1 lead in the fourth on RBI singles by Jayson Werth and Pedro Feliz . The Marlins cut the deficit to 4 - 2 in the seventh on pinch-hitter Ross Gload 's RBI single off Chan Ho Park .
DENVER ( AP ) -- Derek Lowe was n't sure what to expect from his teammates . Lowe won for the first time in more than a month and the Atlanta Braves beat the Colorado Rockies 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Lowe ( 8 - 7 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Lowe was cruising along until the sixth , when he gave up a solo homer to Todd Helton that cut Atlanta 's lead to 2 - 1 . Brian McCann led off the eighth with a double off Juan Rincon and scored on Diory Hernandez 's two - run double . Rafael Soriano struck out two in a perfect ninth for his 11th save in 12 chances . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 6 - 9 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Rockies have lost four straight and six of eight . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on consecutive one - out singles by Martin Prado and Chipper Jones . Anderson then lined a two - run double down the right-field line to make it 2 - 0 . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out , two - base error by Jimenez . Todd Helton hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Rockies ' only run . Pinch-hitter Seth Smith doubled off Manny Acosta to start the eighth and scored on Dexter Fowler 's single to put the Rockies up 4 - 1 . Eric O'Flaherty struck out Todd Helton and Brad Hawpe to end the threat .
PHOENIX ( AP ) -- The Florida Marlins had a lot to do with it . Brett Carroll hit a three - run homer in Florida 's five - run eighth inning , and the Marlins rallied to beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 14 - 7 on Wednesday night . The Marlins had 17 hits and matched their season high with 17 hits , their most since a 14 - 0 win over the New York Mets on June 7 , 2010 . The Marlins , who had 17 hits , scored six runs in the eighth and finished with 17 hits . They scored six runs in the eighth and finished with 17 hits . Scott Schoeneweis ( 1 - 1 ) gave up two runs and two hits in one - third of an inning for the loss . Upton led off the bottom of the ninth with a single off Brendan Donnelly , then advanced to third on Stephen Drew 's pinch-hit single . Donnelly retired Chris Young on a fly to center and then retired Alex Romero on a fly ball to center to end the game . Justin Upton hit a two - run homer in the first off Andrew Miller , and Gerardo Parra and Tony Clark had RBI singles for the Diamondbacks , who have lost six of seven . The Diamondbacks scored six runs in the third off Andrew Miller . Upton led off with a single and stole second . Gerardo Parra singled to put runners at first and third with one out , but Brian Sanches came in and retired Chris Young on a grounder to third to end the inning . The Marlins scored three runs in the sixth off Arizona starter Yusmeiro Petit . Pinch-hitter Andy Gonzalez started the inning with a triple and scored on Chris Coghlan 's double off Doug Slaten . Vasquez walked Emilio Bonifacio and Uggla singled to load the bases .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- Ryan Ludwick had no idea how long he 'd be in the lineup . Ludwick hit a three - run homer in St. Louis ' two - run eighth inning and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Milwaukee Brewers 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . The Cardinals won for the seventh time in nine games and improved to 6 - 1 on their nine - game road trip . Ludwick hit a three - run homer off Todd Coffey in a four - run eighth inning that gave the Cardinals a 5 - 1 lead . Ludwick , who leads the majors with a .241 batting average , has been in a season-long slump . Pineiro ( 7 - 9 ) gave up one run and three hits , struck out five and did n't walk a batter in his second complete game of the season and second shutout of his career . Pineiro retired the first 10 batters before Prince Fielder led off the fifth with a double and scored on Mike Cameron 's single to give the Brewers a 1 - 0 lead . Parra struck out seven and walked one . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Prince Fielder led off with a double and scored on Mike Cameron 's single to make it 1 - 0 . The Brewers have lost five of six .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) -- Tim Lincecum was n't going to let the game get away from him . Lincecum struck out eight in 6 2/3 innings to become the NL 's first 10-game winner , and the San Francisco Giants beat the San Diego Padres 9 - 3 on Wednesday night . Lincecum ( 10 - 2 ) allowed three runs and three hits , walking four and striking out eight . Bengie Molina hit a two - run homer in the first off Josh Geer ( 1 - 4 ) to give the Giants a 2 - 0 lead . Ishikawa and Uribe hit back-to-back homers in the fifth , and Pablo Sandoval added a two - run double later in the inning . Geer ( 1 - 4 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Ishikawa and Uribe hit back-to-back homers in the fifth , and Pablo Sandoval added a two - run double to make it 6 - 0 . The Padres scored three runs in the seventh on an RBI single by Kevin Kouzmanoff and an RBI groundout by Chase Headley . Sergio Romo came on and walked pinch hitter Edgar Gonzalez to force in a run before Sergio Romo came on to get Everth Cabrera to ground out to end the inning . The Giants added three runs in the eighth off Cla Meredith . Juan Uribe singled in Edgar Renteria with one out , and Randy Winn and Schierholtz followed with RBI singles to make it 9 - 3 . Molina hit a two - run homer in the first to give the Giants a 2 - 0 lead . The Padres , who have lost five of their last six games , have lost five of six .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- The Tampa Bay Rays are on a roll . Ben Zobrist hit a two - out RBI single in the ninth inning and the Rays beat the Toronto Blue Jays 10 - 9 on Wednesday night . The Rays , who have the best record in the American League , have won six of their last seven games . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . Carl Crawford singled with one out in the ninth off Jason Frasor ( 5 - 2 ) and stole second . Evan Longoria struck out , but Carlos Pena walked to load the bases . J. P. Howell ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Ben Zobrist hit a three - run homer off Blue Jays starter Brian Tallet in the fourth to put Toronto up 8 - 5 . The Blue Jays tied it at 5 on Scott Rolen 's RBI single and Kevin Millar 's run-scoring double off Grant Balfour in the seventh . Toronto 's Adam Lind gave the Blue Jays a 1 - 0 lead with a solo homer in the first . The Rays took a 3 - 2 lead in the bottom of the second on RBI singles by Gabe Kapler and Melvin Upton Jr. , who had three hits . Toronto took a 5 - 2 lead in the third on a bases-loaded walk to Gabe Kapler and an RBI single by Dioner Navarro . Toronto loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on a double by Scott Rolen , a single by Wells and a walk to Millar . Alex Rios drove in a run with a fielder 's choice and Marco Scutaro tied it with a two - run single . Zobrist hit a three - run homer off Dirk Hayhurst in the fourth to make it 8 - 5 . The Blue Jays cut the deficit to 8 - 6 on Raul Chavez 's run-scoring grounder in the sixth .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- The New York Yankees finally found a way to win . CC Sabathia pitched seven strong innings for his first win in more than a month and the Yankees beat the Minnesota Twins 10 - 2 on Friday night . The Yankees won for the fifth time in six games and moved a half-game ahead of the New York Yankees in the AL East . Sabathia ( 8 - 5 ) gave up one run and three hits , striking out three and walking one . Robinson Cano hit a two - run single in a four - run sixth inning for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Scott Baker ( 6 - 7 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in three innings , his shortest start of the season . The Yankees loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on a single by Francisco Cervelli , a walk to Derek Jeter and Johnny Damon 's walk to load the bases . Alex Rodriguez hit a sacrifice fly and Swisher walked with the bases loaded to make it 5 - 1 . New York loaded the bases with one out in the sixth on a single by Mark Teixeira , a walk to Alex Rodriguez and a two - out walk to Nick Swisher . Cano followed with a two - run single , and Francisco Cervelli added an RBI double to make it 10 - 1 . Brendan Harris had an RBI single in the eighth off Brett Tomko to make it 10 - 2 . Nick Punto drew a one - out walk in the eighth and moved to second on Denard Span 's groundout . Harris followed with an RBI single to make it 10 - 2 , but Jose Morales grounded out to end the inning . The Yankees took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Alex Rodriguez and an RBI single by Teixeira . The Yankees loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on a single by Cervelli , a walk to Jeter and a walk to Damon . Alex Rodriguez hit a sacrifice fly and Swisher walked with the bases loaded .
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting all season long enough to keep their winning streak alive . Ryan Zimmerman tied the game with a two - run single in a three - run eighth inning , and the Nationals rallied to beat the Atlanta Braves 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Nationals have won six of their last seven games . Lannan ( 6 - 5 ) allowed three runs and nine hits in eight innings . He walked one and struck out one . Adam Dunn hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Pinch-hitter Ronnie Belliard led off the eighth with a single off Michael Gonzalez ( 3 - 1 ) and pinch hitter Josh Bard walked . Nyjer Morgan sacrificed the runners to second and third before Zimmerman lined a 1 - 0 pitch to right . Gonzalez said he was n't trying to hit the ball . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the ninth against Mike MacDougal , but pinch-hitter Brian McCann lined out to second baseman Brooks Conrad to end the game . Lannan ( 6 - 5 ) allowed three runs and nine hits in eight innings , walking one and striking out one . Garret Anderson had two hits , including an RBI single in the sixth . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Brooks Conrad led off with a single , moved to second on Hanson 's sacrifice bunt and scored on Nate McLouth 's single . The Braves added two runs in the sixth . Nate McLouth walked , Martin Prado doubled and Chipper Jones hit an RBI single . Garret Anderson followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 0 . Dunn led off the bottom of the seventh with a homer to left , his fourth of the season and first since May 7 . He also had a two - run single in the eighth inning of Washington 's 5 - 4 win in the series opener .
ARLINGTON , Texas ( AP ) -- Andruw Jones has been on the disabled list twice this season . Andruw Jones hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs to lead the Texas Rangers to a 12 - 4 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . The AL West-leading Rangers won for the seventh time in eight games and moved two games over .500 for the first time this season . Jones ' homer was his fourth of the season and second in two games . Jones hit a three - run homer in the first off Price ( 2 - 3 ) , who gave up six runs and walked five in 1 1/3 innings . Derek Holland ( 2 - 5 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . David Price ( 2 - 3 ) gave up six runs and three hits in 1 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out three . The Rays have lost six of their last seven games . The Rangers loaded the bases with one out in the second on a double by Taylor Teagarden , a walk to Elvis Andrus and a walk to Ian Kinsler before Young hit a two - run double into the right-field corner . The Rangers added a run in the third when Nelson Cruz singled , took third on David Murphy 's double and scored on Taylor Teagarden 's sac fly to make it 7 - 1 . The Rangers added three runs in the fifth off Lance Cormier . Cruz and Taylor Teagarden had consecutive RBI singles to make it 9 - 4 . The Rangers added three runs in the eighth off Jeff Niemann . Blalock 's RBI single and Cruz 's run-scoring single made it 12 - 4 . The Rangers added three runs in the eighth on RBI singles by Blalock and Cruz and a run-scoring single by Cruz .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- The Kansas City Royals are going to have to wait a little longer . Alberto Callaspo hit a go-ahead two - run single in the sixth inning and the Royals rallied for a 6 - 4 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . The Royals , who have won four of their past five games , have the best record in the American League . Luke Hochevar ( 4 - 3 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked two . Joakim Soria worked a perfect ninth for his 11th save in 12 opportunities . Gavin Floyd ( 6 - 6 ) gave up five runs on four hits and three walks in 5 1/3 innings . Willie Bloomquist led off the Royals sixth with a single , stole second and scored on Mark Teahen 's single . Matt Thornton relieved Floyd and gave up a two - run single to Callaspo . Pena 's homer in the eighth off Octavio Dotel gave the Royals a 6 - 4 lead . The White Sox scored their first run in the second when Chris Getz was hit by a pitch with one out . Getz went to third on Gordon Beckham 's single and scored on a single by Dewayne Wise . Dye 's homer made it 3 - 0 in the third . Alexei Ramirez led off the inning with a double and scored on Dye 's two - run homer . The Royals scored two runs in the fifth on Alberto Callaspo 's RBI triple and Mitch Maier 's sacrifice fly . Beckham 's homer made it 4 - 2 in the sixth .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) -- Jamie Moyer is making the most of his opportunity . Moyer tossed 6 1/3 strong innings to lead the Philadelphia Phillies to a 4 - 1 victory over the New York Mets on Friday night . Moyer ( 7 - 6 ) allowed one run and five hits to win for the first time in five starts since June 30 . The left-hander was 0 - 3 with a 10.91 ERA in his previous four starts . The Phillies won for the seventh time in nine games and improved to a major league-best 51 - 33 at home . They have won seven of their last 10 games . The Mets have lost five of six . Brad Lidge pitched a perfect ninth for his 15th save in 18 chances . Fernando Nieve ( 3 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Shane Victorino singled with one out and Chase Utley walked before Ryan Howard singled to load the bases . Victorino scored on Werth 's sacrifice fly . Rollins made it 3 - 0 in the fourth with a two - run double off the wall in left-center . The Mets cut it to 3 - 1 in the fifth . Nick Evans singled with two outs and Omir Santos followed with a single . Fernando Nieve followed with an RBI single to cut it to 3 - 1 . The Phillies added a run in the sixth when Paul Bako walked with one out , advanced on Moyer 's sacrifice and scored on Shane Victorino 's single off Pat Misch . The Mets had runners on first and second with two outs in the seventh , but J. C. Romero struck out pinch-hitter Daniel Murphy to end the inning .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- John Danks was n't going to let the game get away from him . Danks threw 7 1/3 scoreless innings and the Chicago White Sox beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Danks ( 7 - 6 ) gave up five hits , struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Scott Linebrink got the final five outs for his second save in as many opportunities , getting Mike Jacobs to fly out to end the game . Zack Greinke ( 10 - 4 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Royals , who have lost five of their last six games , have lost five of their last six games . Greinke has given up four or more runs in three of his last four starts . Pierzynski , who had three hits , homered in the second inning to give the White Sox a 1 - 0 lead . The White Sox scored three runs in the third on an error by shortstop Jayson Nix , a throwing error by second baseman Alberto Callaspo and an RBI double by Paul Konerko . The White Sox added a run in the fourth when Gordon Beckham doubled and scored on Wise 's single . The White Sox added a run in the seventh when Scott Podsednik drew a one - out walk and scored on Thome 's single off Robinson Tejeda . The White Sox added a run in the seventh off Robinson Tejeda , who walked Scott Podsednik and Jermaine Dye with two outs . Jim Thome followed with an RBI single to make it 5 - 0 .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- Johnny Cueto had a lot to do with it . Cueto gave up one hit in six shutout innings , and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Cueto ( 8 - 4 ) struck out eight , walked four and threw 58 of his 108 pitches for strikes . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . Jon Garland ( 4 - 8 ) gave up six hits and a run in six innings . He struck out two , walked none and hit a batter . The Diamondbacks have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Reds have won six of their last seven games overall . The Diamondbacks have been shut out in three of their last four games . Chris Dickerson led off the Reds ' sixth with a single and moved to second on Jerry Hairston Jr. 's groundout . Votto followed with a single to left . Votto had two hits and an RBI . The Diamondbacks loaded the bases with no outs in the seventh against Arthur Rhodes . Ryan Roberts struck out , pinch-hitter Ryan Roberts struck out and Felipe Lopez flied out to second baseman Felipe Lopez to end the threat . The Reds have won six of their last seven games .
MIAMI ( AP ) -- The Florida Marlins ' bullpen has been a problem . Cody Ross hit a two - run homer , Cody Ross added a two - out RBI single in the eighth inning and the Marlins beat the Washington Nationals 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Marlins won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . Josh Willingham hit a two - run single with the bases loaded in the seventh to give Florida a 3 - 2 lead . Brian Sanches relieved Renyel Pinto and gave up a two - run single to Josh Willingham that put Florida ahead 3 - 2 . The Marlins scored three runs in the eighth to take a 5 - 3 lead . Ramirez singled with one out off Julian Tavarez ( 3 - 6 ) and took second on a single by Ross Gload . Dan Meyer ( 2 - 0 ) retired Ryan Zimmerman on a fly to center to end the threat . The Marlins took a 3 - 2 lead in the seventh . Cristian Guzman led off with a single against Renyel Pinto , and Nick Johnson walked . After Ryan Zimmerman flied out , Adam Dunn walked to load the bases . Hanley Ramirez then lined a two - run double into the right-field corner to put Florida ahead 2 - 1 . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Josh Willingham walked , took second on a groundout and scored on Zimmermann 's single . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Josh Willingham walked , took second on a groundout and scored on a single by Zimmermann . The Marlins took a 2 - 1 lead in the third when Chris Coghlan singled , Emilio Bonifacio singled and Ramirez hit a two - run double .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- Jeff Suppan did n't have his best stuff . The right-hander pitched six strong innings to lead the Milwaukee Brewers to a 4 - 1 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Friday night . Suppan ( 6 - 8 ) gave up one run and eight hits . He walked three and struck out one . Trevor Hoffman pitched the ninth for his 29th save in 29 chances , getting pinch-hitter Steve Pearce to fly out with runners on second and third to end it . Casey McGehee and Casey McGehee homered for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Ross Ohlendorf ( 11 - 9 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Pirates have lost four straight and six of seven . McGehee hit a solo homer in the second inning to give the Brewers a 1 - 0 lead . Garrett Jones hit a solo homer in the third for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . McGehee led off the bottom of the fifth with a single and advanced to third on Jason Kendall 's one - out double . After Frank Catalanotto was intentionally walked to load the bases , Jeff Suppan walked to force in a run and chase Ohlendorf ( 11 - 9 ) . Craig Counsell followed with a two - run single to make it 4 - 1 . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers have won six of their last seven games , including three of their last four games . They have won six of their last seven overall . The Brewers have won six of their last seven games .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) -- Edgar Renteria had a big night at the plate . Renteria hit his first career grand slam and drove in five runs , and the San Francisco Giants beat the Colorado Rockies 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Renteria hit a 1 - 0 pitch from Rafael Betancourt ( 1 - 3 ) over the wall in left-center for his first career grand slam . Renteria also hit a two - run double in the opener of a three - game series at AT & T Park on July 25 . Renteria 's slam came in the seventh off Franklin Morales . Juan Uribe led off the eighth with a single off Juan Rincon and advanced to third when right fielder Brad Hawpe misplayed the ball for an error . Rincon hit Eli Whiteside with a pitch to load the bases before Rincon hit Eli Whiteside with a pitch to load the bases . Ryan Garko then popped out to end the inning . Helton and Tulowitzki hit back-to-back homers in the fifth to give San Francisco a 3 - 1 lead . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Carlos Gonzalez drew a leadoff walk and scored on Tulowitzki 's two - out double . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Ian Stewart led off with a single and scored on Nate Schierholtz 's sacrifice fly . Stewart led off the sixth with a triple and scored on Clint Barmes ' sacrifice fly to make it 4 - 1 . Lewis led off the sixth with a double and Eugenio Velez walked before Edgar Renteria hit an RBI double . Hammel allowed two runs and four hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out two .
SEATTLE -- Zack Greinke is making the most of his opportunity . Greinke pitched a one - hitter for his first career shutout and the Kansas City Royals beat the Seattle Mariners 3 - 0 on Wednesday night . Greinke ( 13 - 8 ) retired the first 13 batters he faced and did n't allow a hit until Michael Saunders led off the ninth with a fly ball to deep center . Greinke struck out five and walked one in his second complete game of the season . He threw 114 pitches , 74 for strikes . Royals manager Ned Yost was impressed with Greinke 's performance . Greinke struck out five and walked one in his first complete game of the season . He retired Michael Saunders on a fly to center to start the ninth . Ryan Rowland-Smith ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs and five hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Rowland-Smith ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs and five hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . Greinke walked Bill Hall and Kenji Johjima singled with two outs in the second , but Jack Wilson grounded out to end the inning . The Royals finally broke through in the fifth . Alberto Callaspo led off with a double , moved to third on Mark Teahen 's groundout and scored on Miguel Olivo 's single to center . Mitch Maier walked and Yuniesky Betancourt flied out before David DeJesus drove in Olivo with a single to right . Maier scored on Bloomquist 's wild pitch to make it 3 - 0 . It was the second shutout of the season for the Mariners , who were shut out for the third time this season .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- Nelson Cruz was n't sure what to expect when he came to the plate with the bases loaded and one out . Brendan Harris and Nick Punto hit RBI singles in the eighth inning , and the Minnesota Twins rallied for a 5 - 3 victory over the Texas Rangers on Friday night . The Rangers trailed 3 - 2 before Nelson Cruz hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Rangers , who have won six of their last seven games . Wilson ( 4 - 6 ) gave up three runs on three hits and a walk in one inning for the loss . Wilson ( 4 - 6 ) gave up three runs and three hits in one inning for the loss . The Rangers loaded the bases with no outs in the ninth on a walk to Hank Blalock , a single by Nelson Cruz and a throwing error by third baseman Michael Young . Nelson Cruz hit a two - run homer off Scott Baker to give Minnesota a 3 - 2 lead . Millwood allowed two runs and six hits with two walks and two strikeouts in six innings . Rangers starter Kevin Millwood gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked two . The Twins have won six of their last seven games . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Ivan Rodriguez doubled and scored on Elvis Andrus ' single . Ivan Rodriguez doubled with one out in the third and scored on Elvis Andrus ' single to put the Rangers up 1 - 0 . Ivan Rodriguez doubled with one out in the third and scored on Elvis Andrus ' single .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- The Baltimore Orioles finally found a way to win . Nick Markakis hit a three - run homer in a four - run seventh inning , Felix Pie added a three - run shot and the Orioles beat the Cleveland Indians 13 - 4 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . It was the first time this season the Orioles scored more than three runs in a game . Jason Berken ( 4 - 11 ) gave up two runs and five hits in five innings to earn his first win in five starts since May 30 . Roberto Hernandez ( 3 - 9 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings . Pie 's homer came in the sixth off Jensen Lewis , who was making his major league debut . Markakis hit a three - run drive in the seventh off Jess Mickolio , who was making his major league debut . The Indians got a run in the bottom half when Chris Gimenez singled , took third on a double by Jhonny Peralta and scored on a sacrifice fly by Kelly Shoppach . The Orioles went up 5 - 2 in the bottom half . Luke Scott led off with a double and scored on a single by Matt Wieters . Ty Wigginton walked before Brian Roberts drove in a run with a groundout and Felix Pie hit an RBI double . Wigginton singled in a run in the fifth to make it 6 - 2 . LaPorta led off the sixth with a homer off Cla Meredith to make it 6 - 3 .
BOSTON -- Scott Podsednik 's first career walk-off homer was a memorable one . Podsednik hit a one - out homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Boston Red Sox a 3 - 2 win over the Chicago White Sox on Wednesday night . It was Ortiz 's first career two - homer game . The Red Sox won for the 10th time in 12 games and maintained a two - game lead over the New York Yankees in the AL East . Ortiz hit a 1 - 0 pitch from Ramon Pena ( 6 - 5 ) over the Green Monster to give the Red Sox a 3 - 2 lead . It was Ortiz 's first career game-ending homer . Podsednik was n't sure if he was going to hit his first walk-off homer . Daniel Bard ( 1 - 1 ) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of hitless relief . The White Sox had runners on second and third with one out in the eighth , but Daniel Bard ( 1 - 1 ) struck out Jim Thome to end the threat . Boston starter Tim Wakefield gave up one run and six hits in seven innings , striking out three and walking one . White Sox starter Gavin Floyd gave up two runs and five hits in six innings , striking out four and walking one . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Paul Konerko 's RBI triple . Ortiz tied it in the bottom of the inning with his 21st homer of the season . The Red Sox tied it in the sixth . Gonzalez led off with a homer to left , his 18th of the season and second in two games . Dustin Pedroia singled and Victor Martinez walked before Floyd struck out David Ortiz .
ATLANTA -- The San Diego Padres had a chance to win the game . David Eckstein drove in Nick Hundley with a two - out double in the 12th inning to lift the Padres to a 2 - 1 win over the Atlanta Braves on Friday night . The Padres , who have won six of their last eight games , moved two games ahead of St. Louis in the NL wild-card race . Heath Bell gave up a run in the ninth on Adam LaRoche 's two - out single . Nick Hundley doubled off Kris Medlen ( 3 - 4 ) to start the 12th and advanced to second on Luis Rodriguez 's one - out walk . Rodriguez walked and Everth Cabrera struck out before Eckstein lined a double to left . Joe Thatcher ( 1 - 0 ) earned the win with 1 1/3 scoreless innings . Edward Mujica pitched the 12th for his second save . The Braves loaded the bases with two outs in the 10th against Greg Burke on a walk to Kelly Johnson and an intentional walk to Chipper Jones . Bell struck out Yunel Escobar , but Adam LaRoche singled to right to score Gorecki , who had singled . The Braves , who have lost six of seven , fell to 0 - 5 on a 10-game road trip . Adrian Gonzalez gave the Padres a 1 - 0 lead with a second-inning homer off Jair Jurrjens . Jurrjens gave up five hits and four walks with seven strikeouts in 7 2/3 innings . Braves starter Jair Jurrjens gave up five hits and one run with four walks and seven strikeouts in 7 2/3 innings .
ATLANTA -- Brian McCann had a big night at the plate . McCann hit a tiebreaking two - run single in the eighth inning , and the Atlanta Braves beat the Florida Marlins 7 - 5 on Wednesday night . McCann 's two - out single in the seventh off Kiko Calero ( 2 - 2 ) drove in Omar Infante and Kelly Johnson , who walked . Peter Moylan ( 6 - 2 ) earned the win with a scoreless eighth . Brian McCann hit a three - run homer in the first off Ricky Nolasco , who gave up nine hits and four runs in 4 1/3 innings . The Marlins cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the second on a double by Cody Ross and an RBI double by Ronny Paulino . The Marlins took a 5 - 3 lead in the fourth on Ronny Paulino 's three - run double . The Braves cut the lead to 5 - 4 in the fourth . Diaz led off with a double , moved to third on Lowe 's single and scored on Omar Infante 's single . Diaz tripled off Kiko Calero ( 2 - 2 ) in the seventh and scored on Gorecki 's sacrifice fly . Lowe gave up nine hits and five runs , three earned , in five innings . Braves starter Derek Lowe gave up nine hits and five runs , three earned , in five innings .
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) -- Chris Carpenter was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Carpenter pitched seven innings of three - hit ball to lead the St. Louis Cardinals to a 7 - 0 win over the San Diego Padres on Friday night . Carpenter ( 14 - 3 ) struck out six and walked three . Holliday 's three - run homer in the first inning off Kevin Correia ( 8 - 10 ) was his eighth . The Cardinals added a run in the fourth when Colby Rasmus led off with a homer and Skip Schumaker added an RBI single . Correia ( 8 - 10 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out two and walked two . Rasmus led off the fourth with a homer to left , his eighth , and Skip Schumaker added an RBI single to make it 5 - 0 . Ankiel homered leading off the eighth against Luis Perdomo and Ryan Ludwick added an RBI single to make it 7 - 0 . The Padres did n't get a hit until Adrian Gonzalez led off the seventh with a single to right . But Chase Headley grounded into a double play , and Carpenter was replaced by Ryan Webb . Ryan Ludwick greeted Ryan Webb with an RBI single that made it 7 - 0 . The Padres threatened in the ninth when Chase Headley doubled with two outs off Dennys Reyes and Will Venable walked before Kevin Kouzmanoff flew out to end the game . The Padres were shut out for the third time this season .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- The Minnesota Twins finally found a way to win . Jason Kubel drove in three runs and Jason Kubel drove in three runs , leading the Twins to an 8 - 7 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Wednesday night . The Twins have won four straight and six of seven . Brian Duensing ( 1 - 1 ) gave up two runs on six hits and a walk in five innings for his first major league win . Matt Guerrier gave up a run in the ninth on Yuniesky Betancourt 's fielder 's choice grounder before getting Josh Anderson to ground out for his first save . Kyle Davies ( 4 - 9 ) gave up six runs on four hits and three walks in 5 2/3 innings . Kubel 's two - out double in the third inning scored Alexi Casilla , who had singled , and Denard Span , who walked . Miguel Olivo 's two - out double in the fifth scored Josh Anderson and David DeJesus , cutting the Twins ' lead to 3 - 2 . The Twins batted around in a three - run sixth that included Brendan Harris ' run-producing single and Carlos Gomez 's run-scoring single off Ron Mahay . Orlando Cabrera and Joe Mauer led off the seventh with singles off Ron Mahay , and John Bale came in and gave up an RBI single to Jason Kubel . The Royals loaded the bases with no outs in the seventh on singles by Billy Butler and Miguel Olivo and a walk to Alberto Callaspo . Jose Mijares replaced Crain and gave up an RBI single to Mark Teahen to make it 7 - 5 . Jamey Wright replaced Crain and got Kubel to ground into a double play , and Delmon Young flied out to end the inning .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Brian Roberts was n't going to let the game get away from him . Roberts hit two home runs and drove in three runs to lead the Baltimore Orioles to a 5 - 1 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Friday night . It was the second multihomer game of the season for Roberts , who also connected for the second time in three games . Roberts hit a two - run homer off Gavin Floyd ( 10 - 8 ) in the eighth to give the Orioles a 3 - 1 lead . It was his first career two - homer game . Jeremy Guthrie ( 8 - 12 ) gave up one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out two and walked two . Roberts hit a two - run homer in the eighth off Gavin Floyd ( 10 - 8 ) to give Baltimore a 3 - 1 lead . The Orioles added a run in the eighth on pinch-hitter Ty Wigginton 's RBI single off Tony Pena . Floyd ( 10 - 8 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Roberts gave the Orioles a 1 - 0 lead with two outs in the third , driving a 1 - 0 pitch from Floyd into the left-field seats . It was his second multihomer game of the season and the second of his career . Roberts gave the Orioles a 1 - 0 lead with two outs in the third when he drove Floyd 's 1 - 0 pitch into the left-field seats . It was his second multihomer game of the season and fourth of his career . The White Sox tied it in the fourth when Thome led off with a homer to left . The White Sox threatened again in the fifth , putting runners on first and third with one out , but Gordon Beckham grounded into a double play . The White Sox threatened in the fifth , putting runners on first and third with one out , but Gordon Beckham grounded into a double play .
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) -- The San Diego Padres have been waiting all season long . Kyle Blanks hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and the Padres beat the Chicago Cubs 6 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Padres , who have the worst record in the majors , have won six of their last eight games . Cesar Carrillo ( 1 - 1 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings , struck out two and walked four . Heath Bell pitched the ninth for his 30th save in 32 chances . Ryan Dempster ( 6 - 7 ) struck out 10 in seven innings , allowing four runs and eight hits . He walked three and struck out a season-high 10 . Lee gave the Cubs a 1 - 0 lead with a two - out homer in the first . The Padres tied it in the bottom of the inning on a two - out RBI single by Kevin Kouzmanoff . The Padres went ahead 3 - 1 in the third . Everth Cabrera led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on David Eckstein 's groundout . After Adrian Gonzalez was walked intentionally , Chase Headley drove in a run with a fielder 's choice . The Cubs tied it in the fifth when Derrek Lee walked with one out and moved to second on Ramirez 's groundout . After Kosuke Fukudome was intentionally walked , Alfonso Soriano singled to right to tie the game at 3 . Gonzalez hit a leadoff homer in the fifth , his fourth . Chase Headley walked and Kevin Kouzmanoff singled to put runners at the corners , but Dempster struck out Kyle Blanks and got Nick Hundley to ground out . Blanks hit a two - run homer off Angel Guzman in the eighth .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Ian Kinsler and the rest of the Texas Rangers ' lineup is starting to come around . Kinsler hit a tiebreaking homer in the sixth inning , and the Rangers beat the Boston Red Sox 4 - 3 on Tuesday night for their sixth straight victory . Kinsler had a solo shot in the sixth to make it 4 - 2 . It was his fourth of the season and second in two games . Ortiz is hitting .221 with three homers and seven RBIs in his last six games . Dustin Pedroia and Dustin Pedroia homered for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Nippert ( 4 - 1 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked three . Frank Francisco pitched a perfect ninth for his 17th save in 20 chances . Junichi Tazawa ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out none and walked three . Ortiz led off the second with a homer to left , his fourth of the season and second in two games . The Rangers went ahead to stay in the third on Hamilton 's RBI double and Kinsler 's RBI single . The Red Sox cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the fourth on a walk to David Ortiz , a walk to David Ortiz and a single by Mike Lowell . Ortiz scored on Brian Anderson 's sacrifice fly , but Jacoby Ellsbury grounded out to end the inning . Teagarden led off the sixth with his second homer of the season to make it 4 - 2 . Andrus followed with a single , but Hideki Okajima got Andruw Jones to line into a double play to end the threat .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Julio Borbon had a big night at the plate for the Texas Rangers . Borbon had four hits , including a two - run single in the eighth inning that sent the Rangers to a 7 - 2 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night . Borbon had a career-high four hits and scored twice . The Rangers loaded the bases in the eighth against Fernando Cabrera on a single by Elvis Andrus and an intentional walk to Michael Young . After David Murphy struck out , Hamilton lined a two - run single up the middle . Holland ( 6 - 7 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Neftali Feliz got the final six outs for his first save . Brad Penny ( 7 - 7 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked four . The Red Sox have lost four of five . Kinsler led off the second with his seventh homer , and Borbon singled home a run . Elvis Andrus had a leadoff single in the fourth and scored on Julio Borbon 's single . Victor Martinez hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Manny Delcarmen came on in the seventh and gave up a one - out single to Ian Kinsler , but got Hank Blalock to ground out and struck out Taylor Teagarden .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- John Lackey was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Lackey allowed one run and seven hits in seven innings , and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Baltimore Orioles 5 - 1 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Lackey ( 8 - 5 ) struck out six , walked one and permitted only one runner to reach third base . Brian Fuentes worked the ninth for his 33rd save , and 33rd of the season . The Angels took a 5 - 0 lead in the third inning against Brian Matusz ( 1 - 2 ) . Chone Figgins walked , Erick Aybar singled and Bobby Abreu walked before Vladimir Guerrero walked to force in a run . Juan Rivera followed with a run-scoring single and Robb Quinlan capped the uprising with an RBI single . Matusz gave up five runs , four earned , and 11 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked three . The Orioles , meanwhile , have lost six of their last seven games . The Angels took a 5 - 0 lead in the third . Chone Figgins drew a one - out walk and Erick Aybar singled before Bobby Abreu walked to load the bases . Guerrero walked to force in a run , Juan Rivera singled in a run and Robb Quinlan capped the uprising with an RBI single . The Orioles closed to 5 - 1 in the third . Adam Jones hit a two - out triple and scored on a double by Nick Markakis , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . It was the second straight game in which the Orioles failed to score a run . The Orioles got a run in the third when Adam Jones hit a two - out triple and scored on a double by Nick Markakis . In the fifth , Brian Roberts doubled and scored on a single by Nick Markakis .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- Ryan Braun has been on a tear since coming off the disabled list . Braun homered twice and drove in three runs to lead the Milwaukee Brewers to an 11 - 2 victory over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . Braun 's two - run homer in the first inning off Wandy Rodriguez ( 11 - 7 ) gave Milwaukee a 2 - 0 lead , and he added a three - run shot in the fourth that gave the Brewers a 10 - 0 lead . Braun , who leads the National League in batting ( .315 ) and RBIs ( 105 ) , is hitting .315 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last six games . Braun 's two - run homer in the first inning gave Milwaukee a 2 - 0 lead . He added a three - run shot in the fourth that made it 8 - 0 . Yovani Gallardo ( 11 - 9 ) gave up two runs and three hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Wandy Rodriguez ( 11 - 7 ) gave up 10 runs and 10 hits in four innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked five and struck out four . The Astros lost for the fifth time in six games . Braun led off the second with his 23rd home run and second in two days . He also had a two - run double in the second . It was the second time this season the Brewers had scored at least 10 runs in a game . Braun led off the second with his 33rd home run of the season . The Astros loaded the bases with no outs in the sixth on a single by Michael Bourn , a walk to Miguel Tejada and a walk to Lance Berkman . Carlos Lee drove in Bourn with a sacrifice fly , and Geoff Blum 's sacrifice fly made it 10 - 2 .
BOSTON ( AP ) -- Justin Verlander did n't have his best stuff . Verlander struck out eight in eight shutout innings , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Boston Red Sox 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 13 - 6 ) allowed four hits and one walk , throwing 83 of his 123 pitches for strikes . Fernando Rodney pitched a perfect ninth for his 24th save in 26 opportunities . Clay Buchholz ( 1 - 3 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and five hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Red Sox were shut out for the fourth time this season and have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Miguel Cabrera singled , took third on Carlos Guillen 's groundout and scored on Ryan Raburn 's single . Raburn 's homer made it 2 - 0 in the seventh . Raburn 's homer made it 2 - 0 in the seventh . Jacoby Ellsbury led off the eighth with a double , but Verlander struck out Josh Reddick and Jason Bay to end the inning . The Red Sox loaded the bases with one out in the first on a double by Josh Reddick and a single by Victor Martinez . Verlander struck out Jason Bay and got David Ortiz on a called third strike to end the inning . The Red Sox threatened in the first when Josh Reddick doubled with one out and took third on Victor Martinez 's single . Verlander struck out Jason Bay and David Ortiz .
NEW YORK -- Robinson Cano has been on quite a roll . Cano hit an RBI single with one out in the 11th inning and the New York Yankees rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night . The Yankees won for the 10th time in 12 games and remained two games ahead of Boston in the AL wild-card race . Cano hit a game-ending RBI single with one out in the 11th inning to give the Yankees a 4 - 3 win over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night . Chad Gaudin ( 5 - 10 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Toronto starter Ricky Romero gave up three runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Derek Jeter was hit by a pitch , took third on Johnny Damon 's double and scored on a groundout by Jorge Posada . Randy Ruiz tied the score in the second with a leadoff homer off A. J. Burnett , who allowed three runs and 10 hits in six - plus innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Damon led off the third with a drive into the second deck in right field for a 2 - 1 lead . Cano led off the fourth with a drive into the second deck in right field for his 10th homer . The Blue Jays tied it in the sixth on Raul Chavez 's RBI single and Edwin Encarnacion scored on a wild pitch . Burnett allowed three runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Chipper Jones is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Jones homered for the first time in more than a month and the Atlanta Braves beat the Washington Nationals 8 - 1 on Wednesday night . Jones ' homer in the seventh inning off Tyler Clippard gave the Braves a 7 - 1 lead . It was his third homer in four games . Jones , who leads the major leagues with a .296 batting average , is hitting .296 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last 10 games . Jones ' homer in the seventh off Tyler Clippard gave the Braves a 7 - 1 lead . Tommy Hanson ( 7 - 2 ) gave up one run on seven hits and no walks in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out nine . John Lannan ( 8 - 9 ) gave up six hits and six runs , five earned , in 4 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out one . The Braves scored three runs in the fifth . Omar Infante led off with a single and scored on Ryan Church 's double . Brian McCann added a run-scoring single off Logan Kensing and Yunel Escobar added a run-scoring double to make it 6 - 1 . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Brian McCann led off with a walk and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's single . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Nyjer Morgan led off with a single , stole second and moved to third on Garret Anderson 's single . McCann scored when Matt Diaz grounded into a double play . The Braves took a 3 - 1 lead in the third . Ryan Church drew a one - out walk and scored on Martin Prado 's double . Prado scored when left fielder Josh Willingham bobbled the ball for an error . The Braves added three runs in the fifth . Infante led off with a single , moved to second on Hanson 's sacrifice and scored on Church 's double down the right-field line . Jones was intentionally walked and McCann singled in Church , and Escobar chased Lannan with a run-scoring double .
DETROIT ( AP ) -- The Detroit Tigers are on a roll . Placido Polanco hit a tiebreaking RBI single in the eighth inning and the Tigers rallied to beat the Minnesota Twins 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . The Tigers have won six of their last seven games . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 23rd save in 26 chances . Gerald Laird led off the bottom of the eighth with a double off Matt Guerrier ( 5 - 1 ) and advanced to third on Ramon Santiago 's sacrifice . Polanco 's single to right scored Laird and gave the Tigers an 8 - 6 lead . Guerrier was charged with two runs on two hits and a walk in one inning . Michael Cuddyer homered twice for the Twins , including a solo shot in the ninth . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 23rd save in 26 chances . The Twins have lost four straight and six of seven . Cuddyer and Young hit consecutive homers in the fourth to give Minnesota a 3 - 0 lead . Marcus Thames led off the bottom of the fourth with a homer for Minnesota , and Carlos Guillen singled and Magglio Ordonez singled to load the bases . Brandon Inge hit a sacrifice fly , and Ramon Santiago followed with a run-scoring groundout . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give Detroit a 6 - 3 lead . Washburn gave up five runs and 10 hits in six - plus innings . He struck out three and walked one . Bobby Seay gave up a two - out double to Justin Morneau in the seventh and an RBI single to Michael Cuddyer that tied it at 6 . Ryan Perry struck out Delmon Young to end the inning .
HOUSTON -- Wandy Rodriguez had a lot to do with it . Rodriguez allowed five hits in seven shutout innings and the Houston Astros beat the Milwaukee Brewers 2 - 0 on Wednesday night . Blum 's two - run homer in the fourth inning off Yovani Gallardo ( 10 - 9 ) gave the Astros a 2 - 0 lead . Rodriguez ( 11 - 6 ) allowed five hits and struck out three to improve to 4 - 0 in his last four starts . Jose Valverde got the last four outs for his 15th save , striking out Mike Cameron and Ryan Braun to end it . Blum 's two - run homer in the fourth inning off Yovani Gallardo ( 10 - 9 ) gave Houston a 2 - 0 lead . Gallardo ( 10 - 9 ) allowed six hits and two runs in seven innings . He struck out four and walked four . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . Rodriguez struck out Mike Cameron to start the third inning before Prince Fielder reached on an error by center fielder Michael Bourn . Rodriguez retired Casey McGehee to end the inning . Rodriguez struck out Mike Cameron to start the third inning before Prince Fielder reached on an error by center fielder Michael Bourn . Jeff Fulchino relieved Rodriguez and got pinch-hitter Craig Counsell to pop out to end the threat . Valverde hit Jason Kendall with a pitch to start the ninth and Jody Gerut followed with a single . Valverde then struck out Mike Cameron and Ryan Braun to end it .
DENVER -- Chicago Cubs manager Joe Maddon was n't sure what to expect . Kosuke Fukudome and Kosuke Fukudome homered , Ryan Theriot had three hits and the Cubs rallied to beat the Colorado Rockies 6 - 5 on Wednesday night . The Cubs won for the fifth time in six games . Ryan Dempster ( 6 - 5 ) gave up five runs -- two earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Kevin Gregg pitched a perfect ninth for his 22nd save in 26 chances . Jason Marquis ( 12 - 8 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out four . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games . The Cubs took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Derrek Lee walked to start the inning and scored on Kosuke Fukudome 's one - out double . Geovany Soto walked and Aaron Miles walked to load the bases before Dempster walked Ryan Dempster to force in a run . The Rockies took a 4 - 2 lead in the fourth . Carlos Gonzalez and Todd Helton singled to start the inning and Troy Tulowitzki reached on an error by third baseman Aramis Ramirez , loading the bases . Brad Hawpe followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 1 . Theriot stole second and scored on Bradley 's single to center . Fukudome 's homer in the seventh off Jhoulys Chacin made it 6 - 4 . Barmes led off the bottom of the seventh with a homer off Jhoulys Chacin to make it 6 - 5 .
PHILADELPHIA -- Ben Francisco is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Francisco hit a two - run homer and the Florida Marlins beat the Philadelphia Phillies 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Francisco hit a two - run shot in the seventh to help Ricky Nolasco ( 8 - 7 ) win for the first time in five starts . The right-hander allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking two . Ben Francisco hit a two - run homer for the NL East-leading Phillies , who have won four of five . Francisco hit a two - run homer in the seventh to cut Florida 's lead to 3 - 2 . But the Phillies did n't get another hit until Raul Ibanez led off the bottom of the inning with a single to left . Francisco then hit a two - run homer to left to cut it to 3 - 2 . Nolasco has allowed two runs or less in five of his last six starts . Renyel Pinto pitched a scoreless eighth for the Phillies . Juan Carlos Oviedo pitched a scoreless ninth for his 10th save in 12 chances . Joe Blanton ( 7 - 6 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . The Marlins scored two runs off Blanton in the first inning . Johnson hit a one - out homer to left . Hanley Ramirez followed with a double and scored on Dan Uggla 's double . Ross led off the second with a drive to left for a 3 - 0 lead . The Phillies loaded the bases with two outs in the second , but Blanton grounded out to end the inning . The Phillies loaded the bases with two outs in the second , but Blanton grounded out to end the inning .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- The Kansas City Royals are making a habit of turning things around . Mark Teahen drove in three runs and the Kansas City Royals beat the Seattle Mariners 8 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Royals , who have the worst record in the American League , have won seven of their last 10 games . Butler 's two - run homer in the first inning off Jason Vargas ( 3 - 6 ) gave the Royals a 2 - 0 lead . Mark Teahen added a two - run double and Yuniesky Betancourt added an RBI double for a 5 - 0 lead . Bruce Chen ( 1 - 6 ) gave up two runs and 10 hits in 6 2/3 innings . Jason Vargas ( 3 - 6 ) gave up eight runs -- seven earned -- on nine hits and three walks in seven - plus innings . Butler 's two - run homer in the first inning was the first of his career . Mike Sweeney and Jack Wilson each had a sacrifice fly in the fourth for the Mariners , who have lost five of six . The Royals scored three unearned runs in the fifth to make it 8 - 2 . Billy Butler led off the inning with a single and Brayan Pena doubled to put runners at second and third with no outs . Mark Teahen followed with a two - run single , and Mitch Maier 's RBI groundout made it 8 - 2 . The Mariners were 2 - for - 12 with runners in scoring position . The Mariners got a run back in the fourth on Sweeney 's homer and Jack Wilson 's sacrifice fly that scored Adrian Beltre , who had a single and a sacrifice fly . The Mariners were 2 - for - 12 with runners in scoring position and left 12 runners on base . They were 2 - for - 12 with runners in scoring position and left 12 runners on base . The Mariners got a run back in the fourth on Mike Sweeney 's homer and Jack Wilson 's sacrifice fly that scored Adrian Beltre , who had a single and a sacrifice fly . The Mariners were 2 - for - 12 with runners in scoring position . They were 2 - for - 12 with runners in scoring position and left 12 runners on base . The Mariners got a run back in the fourth on Mike Sweeney 's homer and Jack Wilson 's sacrifice fly that scored Adrian Beltre , who had a single and a sacrifice fly . The Mariners were 2 - for - 12 with runners in scoring position and left 12 runners on base . They were 2 - for - 12 with runners in scoring position and left 12 runners on base . The Mariners got a run back in the fourth on Mike Sweeney 's homer and Jack Wilson 's sacrifice fly that scored Adrian Beltre , who had a single and a sacrifice fly . The Mariners were 2 - for - 12 with runners in scoring position and left 12 runners on base . They were 2 - for - 12 with runners in scoring position and left 12 runners on base . The Mariners got a run back in the fourth on Mike Sweeney 's homer and Jack Wilson 's sacrifice fly that scored Adrian Beltre , who had a single and a sacrifice fly . The Mariners were 2 - for - 12 with runners in scoring position and left 12 runners on base . They were 2 - for - 12 with runners in scoring position and left 12 runners on base . The Mariners got a run back in the fourth on Mike Sweeney 's homer and Jack Wilson 's sacrifice fly that scored Adrian Beltre , who had a single and a sacrifice fly . The Mariners were 2 - for - 12 with runners in scoring position and left 12 runners on base . They were 2 - for - 12 with runners in scoring position and left 12 runners on base . The Mariners got a run back in the fourth on Mike Sweeney 's homer and Jack Wilson 's sacrifice fly that scored Adrian Beltre , who had a single and a sacrifice fly . The Mariners were 2 - for - 12 with runners in scoring position and left 12 runners on base . They were 2 - for - 12 with runners in scoring position and left 12 runners on base . The Mariners got a run back in the fourth on Mike Sweeney 's homer and Jack Wilson 's sacrifice fly that scored Adrian Beltre , who had a single and a sacrifice fly . The Mariners were 2 - for - 12 with runners in scoring position and left 12 runners on base . They were 2 - for - 12 with runners in scoring position and left 12 runners on base . The Mariners got a run back in the fourth on Mike Sweeney 's homer and Jack Wilson 's sacrifice fly that scored Adrian Beltre , who had four hits . The Mariners were 2 - for - 12 with runners in scoring position and left 12 runners on base . They were 2 - for - 12 with runners in scoring position and left 12 runners on base . The Mariners got a run back in the fourth on Mike Sweeney 's homer and Jack Wilson 's sacrifice fly that scored Adrian Beltre , who had four hits . The Mariners , who have lost five of their last six games
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- Evan Longoria has been one of the most consistent hitters in the American League . Longoria hit a two - run homer with two outs in the 13th inning to give the Tampa Bay Rays a 4 - 2 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Wednesday night . Evan Longoria hit two homers for the Rays , including a two - run shot off Daniel Bard that tied it at 2 in the eighth . Michel Hernandez led off the 13th with a walk against Saito ( 2 - 3 ) and advanced to second on Jason Bartlett 's sacrifice bunt . Hernandez moved to third on Carl Crawford 's grounder to third . Longoria then lined a 1 - 0 pitch into the left-field seats for his 21st home run . Lance Cormier ( 2 - 1 ) pitched the 13th for the win . The Rays loaded the bases with no outs against Ramon Ramirez in the 10th , but failed to score when Melvin Upton struck out and pinch-hitter Pat Burrell grounded into a force play . The Rays loaded the bases with no outs in the eighth , but Bard struck out B. J. Upton and got pinch-hitter Pat Burrell to ground into a fielder 's choice to end the threat . Jon Lester allowed one run and three hits in six - plus innings for Boston . Hideki Okajima got the last two outs of the seventh for the Red Sox . Lester allowed one run and three hits in six - plus innings . He struck out 10 and walked two . Kevin Youkilis put the Red Sox up 1 - 0 on a second-inning leadoff homer . Pedroia made it 2 - 0 on a sixth-inning homer off Matt Garza , who allowed two runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Rays had runners on first and second with no outs in the seventh when Dioner Navarro grounded into a double play . Hideki Okajima replaced Lester and got Navarro to ground into a double play .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Mark Reynolds is n't sure how long he can be . Reynolds homered twice and drove in three runs , leading the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 6 - 5 victory over the New York Mets on Friday night . Reynolds hit a two - run homer in the second inning , and Miguel Montero added a solo shot for the Diamondbacks , who won for the fourth time in five games . Reynolds ' second home run of the season and second of the season was his first at Citi Field since Sept. 28 , 2007 , at Philadelphia . Dan Haren ( 11 - 6 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked one . Chad Qualls worked a perfect ninth for his 20th save in 23 chances . Nelson Figueroa ( 0 - 2 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in 1 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . Reynolds and Montero hit consecutive homers in the first inning for the Diamondbacks , who have won four of five . Reynolds hit a two - run homer in the second , his 11th of the season and second in two games . Angel Pagan tripled home Omir Santos in the third for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Alex Cora and Omir Santos hit consecutive singles to start the fifth , and pinch-hitter Jeremy Reed popped out before Luis Castillo hit a two - run single . David Wright followed with an RBI single to cut it to 6 - 4 , but Haren got Gary Sheffield to ground into a double play to end the threat . Daniel Murphy hit a leadoff homer in the sixth for the Mets , who have lost four of five .
ARLINGTON , Texas ( AP ) -- Jarrod Saltalamacchia is starting to feel comfortable at the plate for the Texas Rangers . Saltalamacchia hit a tiebreaking two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Rangers beat the Seattle Mariners 4 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Saltalamacchia is hitting .243 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last six games . Nelson Cruz led off the bottom of the ninth with a single against Sean White ( 2 - 2 ) and moved to second on Jose Lopez 's single before Saltalamacchia 's homer . Scott Feldman ( 10 - 4 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . C. J. Wilson worked the ninth for his 13th save in 14 chances . Michael Young hit a leadoff homer in the sixth for the Rangers , who have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth when Rob Johnson led off with a single , Michael Saunders walked and Ichiro Suzuki singled to load the bases . Russell Branyan drove in a run with a groundout and Jose Lopez followed with an RBI single to put Seattle ahead 2 - 1 . Michael Young tied the game at 2 with a leadoff homer in the sixth . Snell allowed two runs and three hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked three .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- The Cleveland Indians have been waiting all season to get back on track . The Indians , who have won four of their last five games , scored six runs in the first two innings to beat the Detroit Tigers 11 - 1 on Wednesday night . The Indians have won four of their last five . Carl Pavano ( 9 - 8 ) gave up one run and six hits in eight innings . The right-hander , who struck out four , walked one and struck out four . Armando Galarraga ( 5 - 10 ) gave up eight runs and 11 hits in 5 2/3 innings . The right-hander is 0 - 3 in his last four starts . Sizemore 's two - run homer capped a five - run fourth inning for the Indians , who have won four of five . Cabrera 's two - run homer in the sixth off Casey Fien gave Cleveland an 8 - 0 lead . The Indians scored three runs in the seventh off Casey Fien . Gerald Laird led off with a single , took third on a single by Curtis Granderson and scored on a sacrifice fly by Ramon Santiago . The Indians scored in the first when Asdrubal Cabrera singled with one out and scored on Choo 's double . The Indians scored in the first when Asdrubal Cabrera singled with one out and scored on Choo 's double into the right-field corner . Marte 's two - run double made it 3 - 0 in the fourth . Trevor Crowe followed with an RBI double and Sizemore followed with a two - run homer .
PITTSBURGH -- Andrew McCutchen is starting to feel comfortable at the plate . McCutchen homered three times and drove in a career-high six runs , leading the Pittsburgh Pirates to an 11 - 6 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . McCutchen 's three - run homer in the fourth inning off Craig Stammen ( 3 - 6 ) gave Pittsburgh a 7 - 4 lead . He also hit a two - run shot in the fourth off Virgil Vasquez for his first career three - homer game . McCutchen 's three - run shot in the sixth off Logan Kensing made it 11 - 4 . McCutchen became the first Pirate to hit three home runs in a game this season . McCutchen hit a three - run homer off Logan Kensing in the sixth to put Pittsburgh up 11 - 4 . Virgil Vasquez ( 2 - 5 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in five innings , walking two and striking out two . Craig Stammen ( 3 - 6 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in three - plus innings , his shortest start of the season . The Nationals took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Adam Dunn 's RBI double and Elijah Dukes ' sacrifice fly . Elijah Dukes ' sacrifice fly scored Zimmerman to make it 2 - 0 . McCutchen led off the bottom of the first with a homer to left , his eighth of the season and second in two games . Milledge 's double in the third scored Ronny Cedeno and Andrew McCutchen , who had singled and moved to second on a sacrifice bunt by Virgil Vasquez . The Pirates added three runs in the fourth . Delwyn Young led off with a single and scored on Andy LaRoche 's triple into the right-field corner . Moss followed with an RBI single , and McCutchen 's two - run homer off Tyler Clippard made it 7 - 2 . Pinch-hitter Anderson Hernandez led off the sixth with a double off Jeff Karstens and scored on Cristian Guzman 's double .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- Ubaldo Jimenez had a lot to do with it . Jimenez gave up two runs in eight innings , and the Colorado Rockies beat the Cincinnati Reds 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Jimenez ( 8 - 9 ) gave up two runs and five hits in eight innings , walking none and striking out a season-high eight . He was replaced by Carlos Fisher , who gave up Clint Barmes ' sacrifice fly in the ninth . Jimenez has been one of the best pitchers in the National League . Joe Beimel retired the side in the ninth . Homer Bailey ( 2 - 3 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Rockies took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth on a two - run single by Ian Stewart and a sacrifice fly by Carlos Gonzalez . The Rockies regained the lead in the sixth . Brad Hawpe led off with a single and Tulowitzki followed with a double off the top of the wall in center field . Daniel Herrera relieved Bailey and gave up a single to Carlos Gonzalez that made it 5 - 2 . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Drew Sutton led off with a double , moved to third on Alex Gonzalez 's sacrifice and scored on Joey Votto 's groundout for a 1 - 0 lead . Jonny Gomes hit a solo homer in the second for a 2 - 0 lead . The Rockies loaded the bases with one out in the fourth on a double by Todd Helton , a walk to Brad Hawpe and Troy Tulowitzki 's single . Stewart lined a two - run single up the middle for a 3 - 2 lead .
SEATTLE -- Ken Griffey Jr. is making the most of his chance at designated hitter . Griffey hit a three - run homer and the Seattle Mariners beat the Oakland Athletics 7 - 0 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Griffey hit a three - run homer in the first inning off Oakland starter Clayton Mortensen ( 2 - 4 ) to give Seattle a 3 - 0 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Oakland starter this season . Griffey 's homer was his 21st of the season . Brandon Morrow ( 2 - 4 ) gave up one hit in eight innings , striking out nine and walking two . Clayton Mortensen ( 2 - 4 ) was tagged for six runs and eight hits in one - plus innings . He was replaced by Mortensen after loading the bases with one out in the bottom of the first . Brad Kilby came on and struck out Griffey , then got Jack Hannahan to line out to third to end the threat . Griffey reached on an error by shortstop Cliff Pennington leading off the fourth and scored on Jack Hannahan 's single . The A 's were shut out for the third time this season and second in two games . Griffey reached on an error by shortstop Cliff Pennington leading off the fourth , then Adrian Beltre hit into a double play . Morrow then walked Eric Patterson and Travis Buck to load the bases , but got Cliff Pennington to fly out to end the threat . Shawn Kelley pitched the ninth for Seattle .
DENVER -- The Colorado Rockies have been waiting all season to get back on track . The 10 - 6 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night was the Rockies ' biggest comeback of the season . Carlos Gonzalez hit a two - run homer in a four - run sixth inning , and the Rockies beat the Milwaukee Brewers 10 - 6 on Friday night . Todd Helton added a two - run homer for the Rockies , who have won three of four . Jason Hammel ( 10 - 8 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Jeff Suppan ( 7 - 12 ) gave up eight runs and 10 hits in six innings . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Carlos Gonzalez led off with a triple and scored on Seth Smith 's single . The Brewers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second when Prince Fielder led off with a homer , Casey McGehee singled and Jason Kendall hit a two - out RBI double to make it 5 - 2 . Helton 's two - run homer in the third off Suppan made it 4 - 2 , and the Rockies made it 5 - 2 in the bottom of the inning on Helton 's two - run homer and Yorvit Torrealba 's RBI single . The Brewers closed to 5 - 4 in the fourth on a solo homer by Mike Cameron and an RBI groundout by Jeff Suppan . The Brewers loaded the bases with one out against Juan Rincon in the seventh , but Matt Daley struck out pinch-hitter Jason Kendall on three pitches to end the threat .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- Bronson Arroyo had a lot to do with it . Arroyo gave up four hits in 8 1/3 innings , and the Cincinnati Reds beat the St. Louis Cardinals 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Arroyo ( 15 - 13 ) gave up one run and four hits in 8 1/3 innings , striking out six and walking one . Nick Masset loaded the bases with two outs in the ninth , but he struck out Ryan Ludwick to end the game . Arroyo has allowed one earned run or less in each of his last four starts . The Cardinals loaded the bases with one out in the ninth on a walk to Troy Glaus , a single by Albert Pujols and a walk to Colby Rasmus . Nick Masset came on and got Matt Holliday to ground into a fielder 's choice , then walked Colby Rasmus to load the bases before striking out Ryan Ludwick to end it . John Smoltz ( 3 - 8 ) gave up six runs and six hits in four innings . He walked five and struck out three . The Reds loaded the bases with no outs in the third on a walk to Scott Rolen , a double by Scott Rolen and a walk to Jay Bruce . Nix then drove Smoltz 's 0 - 2 pitch into the seats in left field for a 6 - 0 lead . Smoltz is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Scott Rolen walked , Jay Bruce walked and Ryan Hanigan drove in Rolen with a one - out single . Arroyo singled to load the bases , and Drew Stubbs walked to force in another run . Nix 's homer made it 6 - 0 in the third . Scott Rolen drew a leadoff walk in the bottom of the inning and scored on Ryan Hanigan 's one - out single . Arroyo singled to load the bases and Smoltz walked Drew Stubbs on a 3 - 1 pitch to force in another run . Albert Pujols had an RBI single in the fourth for St. Louis .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Ricky Nolasco had a lot of help from his teammates . Nolasco pitched into the ninth inning , and the Florida Marlins held on for a 5 - 4 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Friday night . Nolasco ( 13 - 9 ) gave up four hits and two runs , none earned , in 7 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out a season-high 16 . The Braves cut the lead to 5 - 2 in the seventh on Adam LaRoche 's two - run single off Juan Carlos Oviedo . The Braves scored two runs in the ninth off Juan Carlos Oviedo . Brendan Donnelly got the final out for his second save . Javier Vazquez ( 15 - 10 ) gave up five runs , three earned , and eight hits in six innings . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter . The Marlins scored three unearned runs in the third . Chris Coghlan led off with a single and Cameron Maybin reached on third baseman Chipper Jones ' throwing error . Coghlan advanced to third on Ramirez 's groundout and scored on Jorge Cantu 's single . Gload 's homer made it 5 - 0 in the fifth . Adam LaRoche led off the sixth with a double , but was stranded . Pinch-hitter Greg Norton struck out and pinch-hitter Greg Norton struck out before Adam LaRoche 's two - run single cut the lead to 5 - 2 . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the ninth against Eric O'Flaherty , but Manny Acosta struck out Jorge Cantu and got Ross Gload to ground out .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) -- Matt Cain did n't have his best stuff . Cain pitched eight innings of three - hit ball to lead the San Francisco Giants to a 5 - 1 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Friday night . Cain ( 14 - 7 ) struck out eight and walked two , lowering his ERA to 2.88 . He has allowed one earned run or less in four of his last five starts . Brian Wilson came on to strike out pinch-hitter Reed Johnson with the bases loaded to end the ninth for his 37th save in 42 chances . Eli Whiteside drove in two runs with a double in the sixth , and Pablo Sandoval added an RBI single in the sixth for the Giants , who have won six of their last seven games . The Cubs lost for the 10th time in 12 games . Randy Wells ( 11 - 10 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out one . Eugenio Velez and Fred Lewis led off the first with singles and scored on Juan Uribe 's fielder 's choice . Travis Ishikawa singled leading off the second and scored on Whiteside 's double . The Giants added three runs in the sixth . Travis Ishikawa started the inning with a single and scored on Eli Whiteside 's double . Sean Marshall came in and gave up a single to Randy Winn and an RBI single to Pablo Sandoval . Sam Fuld walked with one out in the eighth and pinch-hitter Micah Hoffpauir walked with one out , but Ryan Theriot flied out and Kosuke Fukudome struck out to end the inning . Brian Wilson came on to strike out pinch-hitter Reed Johnson with runners on first and second to end the ninth for his 37th save in 42 chances .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- CC Sabathia had a chance to become the major leagues ' first 20-game winner . Sabathia pitched one - hit ball for seven innings and the New York Yankees beat the Boston Red Sox 3 - 0 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Sabathia ( 19 - 7 ) struck out eight and walked two in his third start since returning from the disabled list with a strained right hamstring . Johnny Damon hit a two - run single with two outs in the eighth off Billy Wagner , and Derek Jeter was hit by a pitch to load the bases with one out . Rivera then hit Kevin Youkilis with a pitch to load the bases before striking out Mike Lowell to end the game . Daisuke Matsuzaka ( 3 - 6 ) gave up one run and six hits in seven innings . He walked five and struck out three . The Red Sox have lost four straight and six of seven . Cano connected on a 1 - 1 pitch from Matsuzaka leading off the sixth for a 1 - 0 lead . The Yankees loaded the bases with one out against Billy Wagner in the eighth , but Daniel Bard came in and struck out Robinson Cano . The Yankees loaded the bases with no outs in the fifth on a single by Derek Jeter , a walk to Johnny Damon and a walk to Teixeira . Alex Rodriguez grounded into a fielder 's choice , and Nick Swisher fouled out to end the inning . Cano led off the sixth with a drive into the second deck in right field for a 1 - 0 lead . The Yankees loaded the bases with no outs in the fifth on singles by Derek Jeter and Damon and a walk to Teixeira . Alex Rodriguez grounded into a fielder 's choice , but Nick Swisher popped out to end the threat .
HOUSTON -- Cincinnati manager Dusty Baker was impressed with his team 's offense . Jay Bruce hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning and Jay Bruce added a two - run shot in the ninth to lift the Reds to a 10 - 4 win over the Houston Astros on Friday night . The Reds won for the fourth time in five games and remained two games ahead of St. Louis in the NL Central . Justin Lehr ( 5 - 2 ) allowed six hits and four runs in five innings for the win . Felipe Paulino ( 2 - 11 ) gave up eight runs and nine hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . Nix hit a two - run homer in the second inning to make it 2 - 0 . The Reds added two runs in the third on a two - run single by Juan Francisco and a sacrifice fly by Nix . The Reds added a run in the fifth on an RBI single by Miguel Tejada and a two - run double by Corky Miller . Pinch-hitter Edwin Maysonet led off the Astros ' fifth with a single and Michael Bourn walked . Miguel Tejada drove in Maysonet with a single to right , and Bourn scored when Lance Berkman grounded into a double play . Bruce added a two - run homer in the ninth off Jeff Fulchino .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- The Cleveland Indians are on their longest winning streak of the season . Luis Valbuena hit a leadoff homer in the fifth inning and the Indians beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Indians won for the fourth time in five games . Roberto Hernandez ( 4 - 12 ) gave up two runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Kerry Wood worked the ninth for his 20th save in 23 chances . David Hernandez ( 4 - 9 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in six innings . The right-hander is 0 - 3 in his last four starts . Michael Aubrey had two hits and Nick Markakis homered for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Luis Valbuena hit a leadoff homer in the fifth for Cleveland 's first hit off Hernandez . Andy Marte followed with a double and scored on Lou Marson 's double . Marson then scored on a sacrifice bunt by Trevor Crowe . Nick Markakis hit a leadoff homer in the sixth for Baltimore , which has lost four of five . The Indians loaded the bases with one out in the eighth against Matt Albers on a walk to Jhonny Peralta , a single by LaPorta and a sacrifice bunt by Luis Valbuena . Peralta scored on Marson 's bases-loaded walk to make it 4 - 2 . Tony Sipp worked the eighth and Jose Veras got Trevor Crowe to ground into a double play to end the inning . The Indians loaded the bases with one out in the eighth against Matt Albers , but Trevor Crowe grounded into a double play .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- The Detroit Tigers have been waiting all season to win . Jamey Carroll drew a bases-loaded walk in the eighth inning , pinch-hitter Jamey Carroll drew a bases-loaded walk off Bobby Seay and the Tigers beat the Cleveland Indians 3 - 1 on Wednesday night . The Tigers ' magic number to clinch the AL Central remained at four . They trail the White Sox by a half-game in the wild-card race . Jackson ( 13 - 7 ) allowed seven hits and three walks in seven innings . He struck out two . Fernando Rodney worked the ninth for his 34th save in 38 chances . Aaron Laffey ( 7 - 7 ) gave up one run and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . The right-hander , who had won his last three starts , was coming off one of his worst outings of the season . Raburn gave the Tigers a 1 - 0 lead in the third with his 21st homer . The Tigers added two runs in the eighth off Chris Perez , who walked Placido Polanco and Magglio Ordonez to start the inning . Miguel Cabrera greeted Tony Sipp with an RBI double and Marcus Thames added a sacrifice fly . The Indians loaded the bases against Bobby Seay in the eighth , but Lyon struck out Luis Valbuena to end the inning . The Indians , who have lost five of six , have lost five of six . The Indians loaded the bases with two outs in the second on a single by Matt LaPorta , a walk to Lou Marson and a single by Trevor Crowe . Trevor Crowe singled with two outs in the second , but Jackson was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Tim Redding is making a strong case for a spot in the rotation . Redding pitched seven sharp innings for his first win in more than a month and the New York Mets beat the Washington Nationals 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Redding ( 3 - 6 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and four hits . He struck out four and walked two . Redding was lifted for a pinch hitter in the seventh after giving up a single to Cristian Guzman and a tying single to Adam Dunn that tied it at 1 . Daniel Murphy hit a tiebreaking , two - run single in the seventh , and Daniel Murphy added a two - run double for New York , which won for the fourth time in five games . The Nationals scored an unearned run in the eighth when Sean Green threw away a grounder by Cristian Guzman for an error that allowed Jorge Padilla to score . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth for his 32nd save in 38 chances . John Lannan ( 9 - 12 ) gave up three runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Jeff Francoeur led off with a double , took third on Fernando Tatis ' sacrifice bunt and scored on Daniel Murphy 's single . The Nationals tied it in the seventh . Cristian Guzman led off with a single and moved to second on Ryan Zimmerman 's groundout . Francoeur scored on Murphy 's single to right . The Nationals cut it to 3 - 2 in the eighth when Bard doubled and scored on Sean Green 's throwing error on Cristian Guzman 's grounder to first . Ryan Zimmerman singled to put runners at the corners , but Pedro Feliciano retired Dunn on a grounder to end the inning .
PHOENIX ( AP ) -- Jason Giambi was n't sure he 'd ever hit a home run . Giambi , pinch-hitting for the first time in his career , hit a three - run homer in Colorado 's four - run ninth inning , lifting the Colorado Rockies to a 10 - 4 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday night . Upton had been 0 - for - 12 in his previous four games . The Rockies scored four runs in the ninth off reliever Esmerling Vasquez , capped by Jason Giambi 's three - run homer . Jason Hammel ( 9 - 8 ) allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings to win his third straight start . Max Scherzer ( 9 - 10 ) gave up four runs , three earned , and three hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out six . Gonzalez led off the game with a homer to left , his ninth of the season and second in two games . Tulowitzki added a solo shot in the first . The Rockies regained the lead in the fourth . Troy Tulowitzki led off with a single , Brad Hawpe was hit by a pitch and Yorvit Torrealba walked to load the bases . Ian Stewart hit a sacrifice fly to left , but Gerardo Parra 's throw to the plate was too late to get Hawpe , who scored on the error . The Rockies added a run in the seventh when Carlos Gonzalez doubled off Clay Zavada and scored on Justin Upton 's sacrifice fly . The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 5 - 4 in the eighth off Rafael Betancourt . Drew tripled off Rafael Betancourt and scored on Justin Upton 's sacrifice fly to cut it to 5 - 4 . Franklin Morales pitched the ninth to complete the six - hitter , allowing one hit and striking out two .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- The Milwaukee Brewers are on their longest winning streak of the season . Casey McGehee hit a tiebreaking RBI single in the eighth inning and the Brewers beat the Houston Astros 3 - 2 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . The Brewers won for the 10th time in 12 games and moved within one game of first-place St. Louis in the NL Central after the Astros lost to the Cubs earlier in the day . The Brewers trailed 2 - 1 in the eighth when Prince Fielder doubled with one out and scored on McGehee 's single off LaTroy Hawkins . David Weathers ( 4 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Trevor Hoffman pitched a perfect ninth for his 34th save in 38 chances . Miguel Tejada hit a tiebreaking RBI single in the sixth for the Astros , who have lost five of six . Houston starter Bud Norris struck out eight in five innings , giving up one run on three hits and three walks . Berkman led off the second with a home run off Chris Narveson to give the Astros a 1 - 0 lead . The Brewers tied it in the third . Felipe Lopez walked with two outs , advanced to third on a wild pitch and scored on a single by Corey Hart to tie it at 1 . The Astros took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth . Pence singled with one out and Carlos Lee singled with one out . After Lance Berkman struck out , Miguel Tejada singled to right to give the Astros a 2 - 1 lead . The Brewers tied it in the seventh when J. J. Hardy led off with a single and moved to second on a sacrifice bunt by pinch-hitter Craig Counsell . Lopez followed with a single to tie it at 2 . The Brewers tied it in the seventh when J. J. Hardy singled and moved to second on Jason Kendall 's sacrifice bunt . Pinch-hitter Craig Counsell grounded out before Felipe Lopez singled to tie it at 2 .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Sean West did n't have his best stuff . The right-hander struck out nine in six strong innings , and the Florida Marlins beat the St. Louis Cardinals 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . West ( 7 - 5 ) allowed one run and six hits . Dan Uggla hit a two - run homer off Adam Wainwright ( 18 - 8 ) in the sixth inning to give Florida a 2 - 1 lead . Wainwright ( 18 - 8 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Cardinals ' magic number for clinching their third straight NL Central title remained at three . Uggla hit a two - run homer off Wainwright in the sixth to give the Marlins a 2 - 1 lead . It was his 21st of the season and second in two games . Uggla is batting just .244 with runners in scoring position . Juan Carlos Oviedo worked a perfect ninth for his 21st save in 23 chances . The Cardinals loaded the bases with one out in the fifth on a single by Rick Ankiel , a single by Skip Schumaker and a walk to Julio Lugo . Ankiel scored on Albert Pujols ' sacrifice fly . The Cardinals loaded the bases with one out in the fifth on a single by Rick Ankiel , a single by Skip Schumaker and a walk to Julio Lugo . Pujols drove in Ankiel with a sacrifice fly to left . The Cardinals have lost five of six .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- The Cincinnati Reds had a lot to do with it . Paul Janish doubled home the tiebreaking run in the seventh inning , and the Reds beat the Houston Astros 5 - 4 on Wednesday night . The Reds won for the fourth time in five games and moved two games ahead of St. Louis in the NL Central . The Reds rallied from a 4 - 3 deficit to tie it in the sixth . Paul Janish led off with a double and scored on Brandon Phillips ' groundout cut it to 4 - 3 . Scott Rolen followed with a double off the base of the wall in left-center , tying it at 4 . Bronson Gervacio ( 1 - 1 ) started the seventh by hitting Corky Miller with a pitch to start the inning . Drew Sutton bunted him to second and Drew Stubbs struck out before Janish lined a double down the right-field line . The Astros had runners on first and second with two outs in the eighth , but Nick Masset struck out pinch-hitter Aaron Boone to end the threat . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth for his 36th save in 41 chances . He gave up a two - out single to Chris Coste , but got pinch-hitter Aaron Boone to fly out to end it . The Astros scored three runs in the first inning off Kip Wells , who gave up four runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . Drew Stubbs led off the bottom of the first with his fourth homer of the season and second in two games . Paul Janish followed with a double and scored on Scott Rolen 's sacrifice fly . The Reds tied it in the bottom of the inning on Drew Stubbs ' homer and Scott Rolen 's sacrifice fly . Matsui led off the third with his eighth homer of the season and second in two games . Paul Janish led off the sixth with a double and Joey Votto followed with a double . Brandon Phillips drove in Janish with a groundout , and Scott Rolen 's double tied it .
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- The Chicago White Sox are going to have to wait a little longer . A. J. Pierzynski hit a go-ahead , two - run single with two outs in the seventh inning and the White Sox beat the Seattle Mariners 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . Freddy Garcia ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out one . Shawn Kelley ( 4 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up two hits and two runs in the seventh . The White Sox added a run in the eighth when Chris Getz scored from third on a passed ball by Kenji Johjima . Bobby Jenks pitched the ninth for his 29th save in 31 chances . Seattle starter Ian Snell gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Mariners took a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Griffey led off with a homer to left , and Mike Carp added an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 . The Mariners added a run in the third on a walk to Ichiro Suzuki , a single by Gutierrez and a double steal . Suzuki scored on Jose Lopez 's groundout to third . The White Sox cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the fourth . Pierzynski singled , Paul Konerko walked and Mark Kotsay hit a two - run double . Snell allowed two runs and five hits in six innings .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- Jay Bruce has been one of the most dangerous hitters in the majors . Bruce came through with a pinch-hit , two - run pinch-hit single in the seventh inning , giving the Cincinnati Reds a 3 - 1 victory over the Houston Astros on Wednesday night . Bronson Arroyo ( 13 - 12 ) gave up six hits and a run in seven innings . He struck out six , walked none and lowered his ERA to 4.07 . Jay Bruce had a pinch-hit , two - run single in the seventh inning off Wandy Rodriguez ( 13 - 10 ) , who gave up five hits and two runs with two walks and eight strikeouts in six innings . Brandon Phillips added a solo homer in the eighth off Jeff Fulchino . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth for his 35th save in 40 chances . Wandy Rodriguez ( 13 - 10 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings , striking out eight and walking two . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . Lance Berkman singled with two outs in the sixth for the Astros ' first hit . Carlos Lee followed with a double into the right-field corner , scoring Berkman for a 1 - 0 lead . Phillips homered off Jeff Fulchino in the eighth for a 3 - 1 lead . Lance Berkman singled with two outs in the sixth for Houston 's first hit and scored on Carlos Lee 's double . Lee was thrown out at the plate trying to score on Miguel Tejada 's single to right . Lee was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . The Astros had runners on first and third with two outs in the sixth , but failed to score .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants finally got a strong pitching performance from Tim Lincecum . Lincecum struck out a season-high 11 in seven strong innings to lead the Giants to a 9 - 1 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Friday night . Lincecum ( 14 - 5 ) gave up one run and six hits , walked four and matched a career high with 11 strikeouts . He has allowed one earned run or less in seven of his last 10 starts . The Rockies did n't get a runner past first base until Carlos Gonzalez tripled with two outs in the seventh and scored on a wild pitch by Dexter Fowler . Lincecum struck out a season-high 11 and walked four while throwing 72 of his 116 pitches for strikes . Eugenio Velez had four RBIs for the Giants , including a three - run triple in San Francisco 's five - run eighth inning . Molina and Juan Uribe had two hits apiece for the Giants , who won for the fourth time in five games . Molina hit a solo homer in the third off Jason Hammel ( 8 - 8 ) , who allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Rockies got a run back in the seventh when Carlos Gonzalez hit a two - out triple and Todd Helton walked with the bases loaded . But Lincecum struck out Troy Tulowitzki to end the inning . The Giants added three runs in the eighth off Juan Rincon . Juan Uribe hit an RBI single and Velez followed with a three - run triple to make it 9 - 1 . Hammel gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Rockies have lost four of five .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- The Kansas City Royals are making a habit of getting back to the postseason . Mike Jacobs hit a go-ahead single in the seventh inning and the Royals rallied to beat the Detroit Tigers 7 - 5 on Wednesday night . The Royals , who lead the AL wild-card race , remained two games ahead of second-place Cleveland in the AL Central . The Royals , who have the best record in the American League , have won six of their last seven games , including three in a row against the Tigers . Yuniesky Betancourt led off the Royals ' seventh with a single against Bobby Seay ( 5 - 3 ) and moved to second on Willie Bloomquist 's sacrifice bunt . Mitch Maier was hit by a pitch with the bases loaded , and Butler singled to tie it . Jacobs followed with an RBI single off Ryan Perry to make it 6 - 5 . The Royals added a run in the eighth on David DeJesus ' sacrifice fly off Nate Robertson . Joakim Soria pitched the ninth for his 23rd save in 26 opportunities . Royals starter Bruce Chen gave up five runs on seven hits and four walks in 4 2/3 innings . Tigers starter Rick Porcello gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . Marcus Thames had a two - out RBI single in the first for the Tigers , who have lost five of six . The Royals scored two runs in the second on a double by Brayan Pena and an RBI groundout by Yuniesky Betancourt . Raburn led off the third with a home run to tie the game at 2 . Placido Polanco doubled and Miguel Cabrera was intentionally walked to load the bases with one out . Polanco scored on Marcus Thames ' sacrifice fly to give the Tigers a 3 - 2 lead . Anderson led off the Royals fifth with a double and scored on Mitch Maier 's double . Billy Butler added a sacrifice fly .
DENVER -- Jason Marquis was n't going to let the game get away . Marquis pitched into the eighth inning and the Colorado Rockies beat the Cincinnati Reds 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Marquis ( 15 - 10 ) gave up one run and four hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Eric Young Jr. hit a solo homer in the sixth , and Todd Helton added a sacrifice fly for the Rockies , who have won four of five . Ryan Spilborghs led off the eighth with a pinch-hit double off Daniel Herrera and scored on Carlos Gonzalez 's sacrifice fly to make it 3 - 1 . Franklin Morales pitched the ninth for his fifth save in seven chances . Matt Maloney ( 0 - 4 ) gave up one run and four hits in five innings . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Eric Young Jr. led off with a double and scored on Helton 's sacrifice fly . Eric Young Jr. led off the sixth with a homer off Pedro Viola to make it 2 - 0 . Pinch-hitter Drew Sutton led off the eighth with a pinch-hit single and moved to second on Drew Stubbs ' single . Paul Janish grounded out to third , and Sutton scored on Joey Votto 's groundout . Pinch-hitter Ryan Spilborghs led off the eighth with a double off Daniel Herrera and scored on Carlos Gonzalez 's sacrifice fly . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Eric Young Jr. led off with a double and scored on Helton 's sacrifice fly .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- The New York Yankees are on a roll , too . Nick Swisher homered twice , including a tiebreaking drive in the ninth inning , and the Yankees beat the Tampa Bay Rays 3 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight victory . The Yankees won for the fourth time in five games and remained two games behind Boston in the AL wild-card race . Jason Bartlett hit a tying homer off Phil Hughes in the eighth to tie it at 2 . Carl Crawford followed with a single , but Ben Zobrist grounded into a double play to end the inning . Swisher connected on a 1 - 0 pitch from Dan Wheeler ( 4 - 4 ) for his fourth career game-ending homer and first this season . Mariano Rivera ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Evan Longoria and Evan Longoria homered for the Rays . Tampa Bay 's David Price gave up two runs and three hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . Chad Gaudin allowed one run and six hits in six - plus innings for the Yankees . He struck out six and walked two . He was replaced by Damaso Marte after giving up a single to Ben Zobrist and walking Pat Burrell to load the bases with two outs in the seventh . Alex Rodriguez hit an RBI single in the sixth to put Tampa Bay ahead 2 - 0 . Swisher homered in the second to give Tampa Bay a 1 - 0 lead . Swisher homered in the second to give Tampa Bay a 1 - 0 lead .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- The way Mark Buehrle has been pitching lately , it was n't easy . Buehrle allowed one run in seven innings and the Chicago White Sox beat the Boston Red Sox 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Buehrle ( 12 - 7 ) allowed one run and eight hits . He struck out four and walked two . Carlos Quentin hit a two - run homer off Hideki Okajima in the eighth to give the White Sox a 5 - 1 lead . Josh Beckett ( 14 - 6 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Red Sox lost for the fifth time in six games . The White Sox took a 3 - 1 lead in the third . Jayson Nix was hit by a pitch , Scott Podsednik singled and A. J. Pierzynski drove in a run with a groundout . Jermaine Dye walked and both runners moved up on a wild pitch before Mark Kotsay 's two - run single made it 3 - 1 . Jacoby Ellsbury led off the game with a single and scored on Kevin Youkilis ' two - out single . The White Sox scored three runs in the third . Jayson Nix was hit by a pitch to start the inning and Scott Podsednik singled . Nix moved to third on Ramirez 's sacrifice and scored on A. J. Pierzynski 's groundout to second . Jermaine Dye walked and both runners moved up on a wild pitch before Kotsay 's two - run single made it 3 - 1 . The White Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth on a single by Alex Gonzalez and a walk to Dustin Pedroia before Victor Martinez flied out to end the inning . Quentin 's two - run homer off Hideki Okajima in the eighth made it 5 - 1 .
TORONTO ( AP ) -- The New York Yankees are on their longest winning streak of the season . Melky Cabrera drove in the go-ahead run with a single in the ninth inning and the Yankees beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6 - 4 on Tuesday night , snapping a four - game losing streak . New York remained two games behind Boston in the AL wild-card race . Pettitte ( 13 - 6 ) allowed four runs and four hits in six innings , walked five and struck out three . Phil Hughes got the final four outs for his third save in four chances . Brett Cecil ( 6 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . The Yankees opened the scoring in the second when Jorge Posada walked , took second on a single by Robinson Cano and scored on Melky Cabrera 's single . Cano opened the fourth with a drive to left , his 11th . The Blue Jays made it 5 - 2 in the sixth . Randy Ruiz hit a two - out homer , Edwin Encarnacion walked and John McDonald drove in Swisher with a single to right . Toronto cut it to 5 - 4 in the sixth on a two - out RBI single by Rodriguez and an RBI single by Jorge Posada . New York cut it to 5 - 4 in the bottom of the inning when Hideki Matsui hit a leadoff double and scored on Melky Cabrera 's single off Jason Frasor .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Chris Carpenter was n't going to let his lead slip away . Carpenter allowed three runs in six - plus innings and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Milwaukee Brewers 10 - 3 on Wednesday night . Carpenter ( 15 - 3 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked three . Skip Schumaker had four hits and two RBIs for the Cardinals , who scored six runs in the second off Brewers starter Dave Bush ( 3 - 6 ) . Dave Bush ( 3 - 6 ) gave up eight runs and 11 hits in 3 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . Casey McGehee had an RBI single in the first for St. Louis , which has won four of five . The Cardinals batted around in a six - run second that included Skip Schumaker 's two - run single and Albert Pujols ' two - run double . Frank Catalanotto led off the third with a single and scored on Mike Cameron 's two - out single to make it 6 - 2 . The Cardinals added three runs in the fourth . Holliday led off with a double and scored on Mark DeRosa 's sacrifice fly . Molina added an RBI double off Chris Narveson to make it 8 - 2 . Casey McGehee 's RBI double cut it to 8 - 3 in the fifth , but J. J. Hardy grounded out with the bases loaded to end the inning . The Brewers cut the deficit to 8 - 3 in the fifth when Prince Fielder singled and scored on Casey McGehee 's double . Ludwick 's RBI double in the seventh off Mitch Stetter made it 10 - 3 .
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) -- Kevin Correia is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Correia pitched three - hit ball into the eighth inning and the San Diego Padres beat the Washington Nationals 7 - 0 on Wednesday night . Correia ( 10 - 10 ) struck out five and walked two in 7 2/3 innings . The Padres , who have won six of their last seven games , have won four of five . Correia , who won the NL Cy Young Award last season , has won his last three starts . Adrian Gonzalez hit a two - run double in a five - run fifth against John Lannan ( 8 - 10 ) . Lannan ( 8 - 10 ) allowed five runs and six hits in five innings , struck out three and walked four . Adrian Gonzalez hit a two - run double in San Diego 's four - run fifth inning , and Chase Headley added a two - run double . The Padres added a run in the sixth . Drew Macias led off with a single and scored on David Eckstein 's two - out double . The Nationals loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth , but Edward Mujica got Alberto Gonzalez to pop out to end the threat . The Padres loaded the bases with no outs in the eighth against MacDougal , who gave up a walk to Everth Cabrera and a single to David Eckstein before walking Adrian Gonzalez to load the bases . Cabrera scored on Kouzmanoff 's double-play grounder . The Padres loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on a single by Adam Dunn , a walk to Kevin Kouzmanoff and a single by Zimmerman . Lannan then struck out Will Venable and got Nick Hundley to ground into a fielder 's choice . The Nationals had runners on first and third with two outs in the first when Dunn singled and Zimmerman singled . But Orr grounded out to end the inning .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- Matt Kemp is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Kemp homered for the first time in more than a month , leading the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 4 - 3 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday night . Kemp is hitting .316 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last 10 games . The Diamondbacks scored three runs in the sixth to tie it at 3 . Rusty Ryal 's two - out single drove in Miguel Montero , who singled with one out and Gerardo Parra walked . Clay Zavada relieved Clay Zavada and walked pinch-hitter Juan Pierre . Clay Zavada came on and walked Andre Ethier on a 3 - 1 pitch to force in the go-ahead run . Jonathan Broxton pitched the ninth for his 30th save in 35 attempts . Leo Rosales ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and two hits in 1 1/3 innings . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Stephen Drew walked , Ryan Roberts walked and Justin Upton singled to load the bases . Miguel Montero struck out before Gerardo Parra singled in Drew . Matt Kemp tied it in the bottom of the first with a solo homer that tied it at 1 . The Dodgers extended their lead to 3 - 1 in the third when Matt Kemp singled , stole second and scored on Andre Ethier 's fly ball to right fielder Justin Upton . The Dodgers extended their lead to 3 - 1 in the third when Kemp singled , stole second and scored on Andre Ethier 's fly ball to right fielder Justin Upton . The Diamondbacks tied the game 3-all in the sixth on an RBI single by pinch hitter Rusty Ryal and an RBI single by John Hester .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- The New York Yankees got a glimpse of what they needed to be in a pennant race . Nick Swisher and Eric Hinske homered in the seventh inning , and the Yankees beat the Baltimore Orioles 9 - 6 on Wednesday night for their fifth straight victory . New York , which has won six of its last seven games , moved two games over .500 for the first time this season . The Orioles trailed 5 - 3 before Luke Scott hit a three - run homer off A. J. Burnett in the fifth to put Baltimore up 6 - 5 . Melky Cabrera led off the sixth with a walk against Chris Ray ( 0 - 3 ) and moved to second on Derek Jeter 's single . After Johnny Damon flied out , Rodriguez lined a single to left , scoring Cabrera . Ray ( 0 - 3 ) gave up three runs and five hits in one - third of an inning . Matt Albers got the final two outs of the seventh , and Matt Albers worked two scoreless innings . Mariano Rivera worked the ninth for his 38th save . Baltimore starter David Hernandez gave up five runs , four hits and six walks in five innings . He struck out seven . Pie homered in the first inning to put Baltimore up 1 - 0 . It was the first home run allowed by Burnett this season . Baltimore went up 2 - 1 in the second when Jorge Posada drew a leadoff walk and scored on a two - run homer by Cano . Posada made it 3 - 1 in the third with a drive to right . Baltimore tied it in the bottom half when Markakis singled , stole second and scored on a single by Melvin Mora . Posada hit a two - run drive in the fifth to make it 5 - 3 .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Cliff Lee had a lot to do with it . Lee pitched a six - hitter for his first career complete game and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the New York Yankees 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Lee ( 1 - 0 ) struck out 10 and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He threw 122 pitches , 80 for strikes , and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Derek Jeter had three hits for the Yankees , including a leadoff single in the ninth , and Johnny Damon added a single to extend his hitting streak to 12 games . The Phillies have won four of their last five games . Lee ( 1 - 0 ) struck out 10 and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Derek Jeter had three hits for the Yankees , including a leadoff single in the ninth . CC Sabathia ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked three . Utley hit a solo homer in the third for a 1 - 0 lead . It was his second multihomer game of the season and fourth of his career . Utley hit a solo shot in the sixth to make it 2 - 0 . Jimmy Rollins drew a leadoff walk in the eighth , stole second and scored on Shane Victorino 's single . David Robertson came in and walked Jayson Werth on four pitches to load the bases before Ibanez 's two - run single off David Robertson made it 4 - 0 . Phil Coke got the last two outs of the ninth and Phil Coke got the last two outs of the inning . The Phillies loaded the bases with two outs in the first , but Raul Ibanez grounded out .
NEW YORK -- Alex Rodriguez has been on a roll . Rodriguez hit a tying homer in the 11th inning and the New York Yankees rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . The Yankees won for the fifth time in six games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . New York won for only the second time in eight games . Rodriguez hit a tying , two - run homer in the ninth off Joe Nathan to tie it at 3 . Mark Teixeira also homered for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Mijares ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss . Jorge Posada singled with one out in the 10th and stole second before Jeter was intentionally walked to load the bases with one out . Mijares ( 0 - 1 ) got Johnny Damon to line into a double play to end the inning . Mark Teixeira led off the bottom half with a single and Rodriguez followed with a drive into the right-field seats for his second homer of the season . The Twins took a 3 - 1 lead in the eighth on Nick Punto 's RBI single and Denard Span 's RBI single off Mariano Rivera . Mariano Rivera came on and struck out Orlando Cabrera with the bases loaded to end the inning . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth . Delmon Young drew a one - out walk and moved to third on a two - out single by Brendan Harris . Ron Mahay came in and retired Mark Teixeira on a fly to center , but Rodriguez lined a single to center to tie the score .
SEATTLE -- Felix Hernandez was n't going to let a chance to become the majors ' first 20-game winner this season . Hernandez allowed three hits in 6 2/3 innings , and the Seattle Mariners beat the Texas Rangers 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Hernandez ( 19 - 5 ) struck out six , walked one and gave up three runs , two earned , and three hits . Randy Messenger got Craig Gentry to line out to right to end the seventh with runners on second and third . David Aardsma pitched the ninth for his 38th save in 41 chances . Scott Feldman ( 17 - 8 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Josh Wilson singled with one out and stole second . Ichiro Suzuki then walked , and Gutierrez singled to right to score Wilson and give Seattle a 1 - 0 lead . The Mariners added two more runs in the fifth . Josh Wilson singled with one out and took second on a two - out single by Ichiro Suzuki . Chris Davis drove in a run with a groundout and Kinsler scored on Taylor Teagarden 's groundout to cut Texas ' lead to 4 - 3 . Randy Messenger replaced Hernandez and got Craig Gentry to line out to end the inning . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Wilson singled with one out and stole second . He scored on Franklin Gutierrez 's single .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) -- The Philadelphia Phillies are in a pennant race . Paul Hoover singled in the winning run with two outs in the 10th inning and the Phillies beat the Florida Marlins 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . The NL East-leading Phillies remained two games ahead of second-place Atlanta in the NL East . Miguel Cairo led off the eighth with a single off Kiko Calero and scored on Hoover 's wild throw to the plate . John Mayberry Jr. led off the bottom of the 10th with a single off Dan Meyer ( 3 - 2 ) and advanced to second on Miguel Cairo 's sacrifice . After Greg Dobbs struck out , Jayson Werth was intentionally walked to bring Hoover to the plate . Chad Durbin ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . The Phillies tied it at 6 in the eighth when Miguel Cairo hit a leadoff triple off Kiko Calero and scored on a throwing error by second baseman Dan Uggla . The Marlins took a 5 - 2 lead in the fifth on Helms ' two - run single and Dan Uggla 's RBI single . The Marlins took a 5 - 2 lead in the bottom of the first on a sacrifice fly by Nick Johnson and an RBI double by Ronny Paulino . Cairo led off the bottom of the inning with a homer to left to cut it to 2 - 1 . Jayson Werth singled and stole second before Ben Francisco tied it with a single to right . The Marlins scored three runs in the fifth . Johnson walked with one out and moved to third on Chris Coghlan 's single . After Johnson walked to load the bases , Helms hit a two - run single to center . Johnson allowed five runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins are heading into the playoffs for the first time in more than a decade . Michael Cuddyer hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth inning and Delmon Young drove in three runs to lead the Twins to a 5 - 4 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Friday night . The Twins , who lead the AL wild-card race , have won six of their last seven games . Jon Rauch ( 7 - 3 ) picked up the win with a scoreless eighth inning . Jose Mijares gave up a two - run homer to Alex Gordon and a tying double to Willie Bloomquist before getting Mitch Maier to ground into a double play . Cuddyer hit a 2 - 0 pitch from Dusty Hughes ( 0 - 2 ) into the second deck in left field to give the Twins a 5 - 4 lead . Joe Nathan pitched a perfect ninth for his major league-leading 47th save in 48 chances . The Twins scored four runs in the sixth to take a 4 - 0 lead . Nick Punto drew a leadoff walk , moved up on Denard Span 's sacrifice and scored on Mauer 's two - out single . Jason Kubel doubled and Michael Cuddyer was hit by a pitch to load the bases for Young , who hit a three - run double to the gap in left-center to make it 4 - 0 . Jon Rauch ( 7 - 3 ) pitched the eighth for the win . Greinke gave up four runs and six hits with five strikeouts and two walks in six innings . The Twins scored four runs in the sixth . Nick Punto drew a leadoff walk , moved up on Denard Span 's sacrifice bunt and scored on Mauer 's two - out single . Greinke gave up four runs on six hits with five strikeouts and two walks in six innings .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- The Cincinnati Reds keep finding ways to win . Joey Votto hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs , leading the Reds to an 8 - 4 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . The Reds have won six of their last seven games , including three of their last four . Johnny Cueto ( 11 - 11 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out six . Zach Duke ( 11 - 16 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings , walking five and striking out two . Darnell McDonald and Ramon Hernandez opened the fourth with singles , and McDonald scored on a passed ball by Jason Jaramillo . Votto 's two - run double made it 5 - 1 . The Pirates got a run back in the sixth on a single by Garrett Jones , a walk to Brandon Moss and a three - run homer by Delwyn Young . The Reds added two runs in the sixth off Chris Bootcheck . Ramon Hernandez led off with a double and scored on Juan Francisco 's double . Drew Stubbs sacrificed Francisco Francisco to third , and Paul Janish laid down a perfect squeeze bunt to make it 7 - 4 . The Pirates got a run back in the bottom of the first when Andrew McCutchen led off with a walk and scored on Andy LaRoche 's double . The Reds tied it in the bottom of the inning when Scott Rolen walked , moved to third on Drew Stubbs ' sacrifice bunt and scored on Paul Janish 's fielder 's choice grounder . Rolen 's homer made it 2 - 1 in the bottom of the third . The Reds made it 5 - 1 in the fourth on a pair of singles by McDonald , Ramon Hernandez and Cueto . Votto 's two - out double made it 5 - 1 .
SEATTLE -- Adrian Beltre is making a strong push to join the AL West race . Beltre hit a two - run homer and the Seattle Mariners beat the Oakland Athletics 4 - 2 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Beltre hit a two - out , two - run single in the fifth inning to give the Mariners a 4 - 1 lead . It was his second homer in two games . It was the third time in his career that Beltre has hit three home runs in a game . Sweeney 's two - run single off Brett Anderson ( 11 - 11 ) broke a 1 - 1 tie in the fifth inning . Doug Fister ( 3 - 4 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . David Aardsma pitched the ninth for his 37th save in 42 chances . Brett Anderson ( 11 - 11 ) gave up four runs -- one earned -- and eight hits in five - plus innings . He struck out five and walked one . The A 's lost for the fifth time in six games . Oakland tied it in the fourth when Kurt Suzuki led off with a triple and scored on Daric Barton 's one - out double . The Mariners had runners on second and third with one out in the third , but Anderson got Jose Lopez to ground into a fielder 's choice and Mike Sweeney to ground into a fielder 's choice . Oakland loaded the bases with one out in the third on a single by Ichiro Suzuki , a double by Franklin Gutierrez and a fielder 's choice grounder by Jose Lopez .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Tommy Hanson is making a strong case to stay in the rotation . Hanson pitched eight strong innings and the Atlanta Braves beat the Houston Astros 4 - 2 on Wednesday night . Hanson ( 2 - 2 ) gave up four hits and two runs , struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Billy Wagner pitched the ninth for his second save . Heyward 's two - run homer in the third off Brett Myers ( 1 - 2 ) gave Atlanta a 4 - 2 lead . Myers gave up six hits and four runs , three earned , in seven innings . He walked four and struck out five . McLouth led off the first with a homer to right field . Martin Prado singled , Chipper Jones walked and Troy Glaus hit a grounder to shortstop Tommy Manzella , who threw wildly to the plate for an error that allowed Prado to score . J. R. Towles followed with an RBI single to right , cutting the Braves ' lead to 2 - 2 . Heyward made it 4 - 2 with a two - run homer in the third . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . McLouth led off with a homer to left , and Martin Prado singled , Chipper Jones walked and Troy Glaus hit a grounder to shortstop Tommy Manzella , who threw wildly to the plate for an error that allowed Prado to score . The Astros had a chance to add to their lead in the second . Carlos Lee was hit by a pitch to lead off the inning and advanced to third on a throwing error by right fielder Heyward . Lee scored on Pence 's single and Towles followed with a run-scoring single .
DENVER ( AP ) -- Chris Young had a big night at the plate . Young hit a three - run homer and drove in five runs to lead the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 12 - 11 win over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Young , who had a two - run double in the first , hit a solo homer in the fourth to give the Diamondbacks a 12 - 6 lead . Johnson led off the 10th with a home run off Franklin Morales ( 0 - 2 ) . Dan Haren followed with a pinch-hit single and scored on Adam LaRoche 's two - out single . The Rockies have lost five of six . Dexter Fowler and Carlos Gonzalez homered for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Abreu had three hits , including a double that scored Kelly Johnson , who led off the game with a walk , and scored on Justin Upton 's double . The Diamondbacks scored six runs in the first off Greg Smith , including a three - run double by Adam LaRoche and a three - run homer by Young . Gonzalez led off the bottom of the second with a homer to center , his eighth of the season . The Rockies loaded the bases with no outs in the third on singles by Young and Dexter Fowler and a walk to Helton . Tulowitzki hit a two - run double , Carlos Gonzalez hit a sacrifice fly and Matt Belisle hit a two - run double to make it 7 - 6 . Arizona loaded the bases with no outs in the third on singles by Young and Fowler and a walk to Helton . Tulowitzki doubled to the gap in right-center to score Young and Fowler . Carlos Gonzalez added a sacrifice fly and Matt Belisle hit a two - run double . Rosales was charged with seven runs and six hits in 1 1/3 innings .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Bryan Anderson was n't sure what to expect . Anderson hit a tiebreaking double in the eighth inning and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Atlanta Braves 4 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Cardinals won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 5 - 0 against the Braves this season . Pujols led off the eighth with a double off Takashi Saito ( 0 - 1 ) . After Matt Holliday popped out , Molina lined a double down the right-field line to score Pujols . Ryan Franklin worked the ninth for his seventh save in as many chances . Colby Rasmus hit a leadoff homer in the seventh for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . The Cardinals tied it at 3 in the seventh on pinch-hitter Bryan Anderson 's RBI double off Peter Moylan . St. Louis starter Kyle Lohse gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked two . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the third on a single by Hudson , a single by Martin Prado and a walk to Chipper Jones . Brian McCann hit a sacrifice fly and Troy Glaus drove in Prado with a single to make it 2 - 0 . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the third on a single by Hudson , a single by Martin Prado and a walk to Chipper Jones . Brian McCann drove in Hudson with a sacrifice fly , and Troy Glaus drove in Prado with a single to make it 2 - 0 . The Braves made it 3 - 0 in the fourth when Melky Cabrera led off with a single and scored on Nate McLouth 's double . The Cardinals cut the deficit to 3 - 1 in the sixth on an RBI groundout by Albert Pujols .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- The Kansas City Royals are making a habit of turning things around . Justin Morneau hit a two - run homer and Brian Bannister pitched into the seventh inning to lead the Royals to a 4 - 3 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Wednesday night . The Royals , who have won six of their last seven games , have won four of their last five series . Bannister ( 1 - 1 ) gave up two runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out none . Joakim Soria gave up a run in the ninth but held on for his fifth save in six opportunities . Kevin Slowey ( 2 - 2 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . Guillen , who had a two - run homer in the fifth inning Friday night , had a two - run shot in the bottom of the inning to give the Royals a 3 - 2 lead . Alex Gordon drew a leadoff walk in the sixth and scored on Maier 's triple to the gap in right-center . Ron Mahay came in and struck out Scott Podsednik to end the inning . Justin Morneau hit a solo homer in the second for the Twins , who have lost four of five . David DeJesus doubled and scored on Jose Guillen 's sacrifice fly in the first for Kansas City , which has won four of its last five games . Justin Morneau hit a solo homer in the second for the Twins , who have lost four of five . The Royals tied it in the fourth when Alberto Callaspo led off with a double and Mitch Maier drew a two - out walk . Yuniesky Betancourt singled to tie it .
HOUSTON ( AP ) -- The Houston Astros have been waiting for their offense to come through in the clutch . The 10 - 3 win over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night was their first series win in more than a month . The Astros won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . Brett Myers ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 11 hits and two runs in six - plus innings to win his first game of the season . Carlos Lee hit a two - run triple in the fourth inning and Pedro Feliz added two hits and two RBIs for the Astros , who have won six of their last seven games . The Astros scored two runs in the seventh off Brian Burres to make it 10 - 2 . Myers ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 11 hits and two runs with six strikeouts in six innings . Charlie Morton ( 0 - 4 ) gave up five runs and five hits in three innings for the loss . Berkman led off the second with a homer to the Crawford Boxes in left field to tie it at 1 . Bourn walked with one out in the fourth , stole second and third and scored when Bobby Crosby grounded into a fielder 's choice to make it 8 - 1 . The Pirates loaded the bases with no outs in the sixth on singles by Ryan Doumit and Jeff Clement and a single by Andy LaRoche . After Ryan Church flied out , Bobby Crosby drove in Doumit with a fielder 's choice to make it 8 - 2 . Javier Lopez relieved Burres and struck out Jason Michaels before walking Jeff Keppinger to force in a run . The Pirates added a run in the eighth when Jeff Clement doubled with one out and scored on Andy LaRoche 's single off Tim Byrdak .
BOSTON ( AP ) -- The Boston Red Sox had a chance to win the game in the bottom of the inning . Adrian Beltre drew a bases-loaded walk from Hideki Okajima in the eighth inning to give Boston a 4 - 3 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Wednesday night . The Red Sox won for the fourth time in five games and moved two games over .500 for the first time this season . J. D. Drew led off the eighth with a single off Matt Albers ( 0 - 2 ) and moved to second on Dustin Pedroia 's groundout . Victor Martinez was intentionally walked and Jim Johnson walked Beltre on four pitches to force in the go-ahead run . Jones hit a two - run homer off Daniel Bard in the seventh to make it 3 - 2 . Manny Delcarmen ( 1 - 1 ) pitched the eighth for the win . Jonathan Papelbon worked the ninth for his fourth save , striking out Julio Lugo with the bases loaded to end it . Adam Jones hit a two - run homer off Red Sox reliever Daniel Bard in the seventh to cut it to 3 - 2 . Baltimore starter Jeremy Guthrie gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . Ortiz 's homer made it 1 - 0 in the second . The Red Sox made it 2 - 0 in the third on a walk to Jeremy Hermida and a single by Marco Scutaro . Hermida scored on J. D. Drew 's sacrifice fly . The Red Sox made it 3 - 0 in the fifth when Beltre singled , Jeremy Hermida singled and Josh Reddick hit into a double play . The Orioles loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth on singles by Miguel Tejada and Ty Wigginton and a walk to Reimold before Garrett Atkins flied out to center .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Adam Dunn was n't sure what to expect when he hit two home runs in a game for the first time in his career . Dunn hit two home runs , including a two - run shot to lead the Washington Nationals to a 5 - 1 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Friday night . Dunn , who had been 0 - for - 8 in his first two games , is hitting .204 with three homers and seven RBIs in his last six games . Dunn 's second homer of the game , a two - run shot in the sixth , gave the Nationals a 4 - 1 lead . Atilano ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings , walking two and striking out one . Charlie Haeger ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . Dunn hit a two - run homer off Haeger in the sixth to make it 4 - 1 . The Nationals added a run in the seventh . Justin Maxwell drew a one - out walk , stole second and scored on Nyjer Morgan 's two - out double . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Nyjer Morgan led off with a triple and scored on Kennedy 's single . The Dodgers tied it in the fourth . James Loney hit a one - out double , went to third on a throwing error by second baseman Ronnie Belliard and scored on A. J. Ellis ' groundout . The Dodgers tied it in the fourth . James Loney hit a one - out double , went to third on a throwing error by second baseman Ronnie Belliard and scored on a groundout by A. J. Ellis . Dunn led off the fourth with his second home run of the game . Willingham followed with a single .
CINCINNATI -- Adrian Gonzalez has been one of the biggest surprises of the season . Gonzalez hit his first career grand slam and drove in four runs Friday night , leading the San Diego Padres to a 10 - 4 victory over the Cincinnati Reds . Gonzalez hit a two - run homer in the second inning off Bronson Arroyo ( 0 - 2 ) , who gave up eight runs and eight hits in three - plus innings . Everth Cabrera drove in two runs with a double and a single , and Gwynn added a two - run homer . Arroyo ( 0 - 2 ) gave up eight runs and eight hits in three - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . He was replaced by Micah Owings after Nick Hundley and Tony Gwynn Jr. opened the fourth with singles . Everth Cabrera hit a two - run single and Gwynn added a two - run homer off Micah Owings . It was Gonzalez 's fourth career grand slam and second this season . Everth Cabrera and Matt Stairs had two RBIs apiece for the Padres , who have won four of their last five games . Kevin Correia ( 3 - 1 ) gave up two runs and three hits in 5 2/3 innings . He was pulled after Ryan Hanigan doubled to lead off the sixth and scored on Orlando Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . Brandon Phillips added an RBI single for a 10 - 2 lead . Correia was making his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained right shoulder . Bronson Arroyo ( 0 - 2 ) gave up eight runs and eight hits in three - plus innings , his shortest start of the season . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds scored two runs in the sixth on Ryan Hanigan 's double and Orlando Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . Orlando Cabrera 's sacrifice fly and Brandon Phillips ' run-scoring single made it 10 - 2 . The Reds added two runs in the ninth off Sean Gallagher . Jay Bruce led off with a walk and Drew Stubbs was hit by a pitch . Ryan Hanigan followed with an RBI single , and Paul Janish added an RBI double .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- Ryan Braun had a big night at the plate . Braun hit a three - run homer and drove in five runs , and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 20 - 0 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . George Kottaras and George Kottaras also homered for the Brewers , who won for the fourth time in five games . Braun went 3 - for - 4 with a homer and five RBIs in his first game back after being sidelined by a strained left hamstring . George Kottaras , George Kottaras and George Kottaras homered for Milwaukee , which finished with 25 hits . Wolf ( 2 - 1 ) gave up six hits and three walks while striking out three in six innings . Daniel McCutchen ( 0 - 2 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest start of the season . The Brewers scored four runs in the fourth off Daniel McCutchen ( 0 - 2 ) , who was making his major league debut . Joe Inglett led off the seventh with a triple and scored on Weeks ' double . Carlos Gomez walked and Ryan Braun singled to load the bases for Counsell , who hit a two - run single to center . Parra added an RBI single to make it 20 - 0 . Fielder led off the second with a homer to left , his fourth of the season and second in as many games . Fielder 's two - run single made it 6 - 0 in the fourth , and McGehee greeted D. J. Carrasco with an RBI single .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Sean Rodriguez was n't sure what to expect when he came to the plate . Rodriguez hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs to help the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Chicago White Sox 12 - 0 on Tuesday night . Rodriguez hit a three - run homer in the sixth inning and drove in four runs for the Rays , who won for the seventh time in nine games . Rodriguez went 3 - for - 5 with four RBIs and scored twice . Rodriguez 's three - run homer in the sixth off Tony Pena made it 9 - 0 . Davis ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two hits and three walks while striking out six . Mark Buehrle ( 2 - 2 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Sean Rodriguez hit a one - out double and scored on Jason Bartlett 's single . The Rays added three runs in the fourth . Evan Longoria led off with a double and scored on B. J. Upton 's single to make it 2 - 0 . Pat Burrell added a sacrifice fly and Sean Rodriguez added an RBI single . The Rays added a run in the fifth on a single by Jason Bartlett , a double by Evan Longoria and a sacrifice fly by Carlos Pena . The Rays added a run in the fifth on Jason Bartlett 's single and Carlos Pena 's sacrifice fly .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- The Colorado Rockies had a lot to do with it . Jorge De La Rosa hit a three - run double during Colorado 's seven - run third inning , and the Rockies beat the Washington Nationals 10 - 4 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Rockies had 14 hits and won for the seventh time in eight games . De La Rosa ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings , walking four and striking out six . Scott Olsen ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in two - plus innings . The Rockies scored 10 runs in the third inning , capped by De La Rosa 's three - run double . De La Rosa had a three - run double in the inning . Scott Olsen ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in two - plus innings . Ryan Zimmerman hit a two - run homer in the fifth for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . De La Rosa had a three - run double in the sixth to make it 10 - 4 . De La Rosa had two hits and three RBIs . Tulowitzki led off the second with his first home run of the season , and Ian Stewart added an RBI double . Tulowitzki led off the second with his first home run of the season , and Ian Stewart added an RBI double .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- The Atlanta Braves have been waiting all season long . Nate McLouth hit a leadoff homer in the bottom of the 10th inning to lift the Braves to a 4 - 3 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Wednesday night . The Braves won for the seventh time in nine games . Troy Glaus hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Phillies closer Ryan Madson . Heyward followed with a tying shot off Ryan Madson . McLouth led off the bottom of the 10th with a homer off Jose Contreras ( 0 - 1 ) . Billy Wagner ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 10th for the win . Troy Glaus hit a two - run homer in the ninth for the Braves , who have lost four straight and six of seven . Contreras ( 0 - 1 ) gave up one hit and one run in five innings . The Phillies have lost four straight and six of seven . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Chase Utley led off with a double and scored on Ryan Howard 's single . The Phillies made it 2 - 0 in the fifth . Placido Polanco doubled with two outs and scored on Utley 's single off Eric O'Flaherty to make it 3 - 0 . The Phillies added a run in the seventh off Kris Medlen . Victorino singled with one out and moved to third on Placido Polanco 's single . Victorino scored on Chase Utley 's fielder 's choice grounder to make it 3 - 0 .
BOSTON ( AP ) -- B. J. Upton is making a strong case to stay in the majors . Upton hit a three - run homer and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Boston Red Sox 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Upton 's three - run homer capped a five - run third inning against John Lackey ( 1 - 1 ) , who gave up eight runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings . Pat Burrell had three hits for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Upton 's homer was his fourth of the season . Jeff Niemann ( 1 - 0 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings , striking out four and walking three . John Lackey ( 1 - 1 ) gave up eight runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings . Longoria 's two - out , two - run double made it 3 - 0 in the third , and Upton 's homer made it 6 - 0 . The Rays made it 8 - 0 in the fourth when Reid Brignac led off with a double and scored on Jason Bartlett 's triple . Carl Crawford added a sacrifice fly off Scott Atchison . Jeremy Hermida hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Jeremy Hermida hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Red Sox , who lost for the seventh time in eight games . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jason Bartlett led off with a double and scored on Ben Zobrist 's groundout . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the second , but Niemann got Bill Hall to pop out and Hermida to strike out .
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- Doug Fister has been one of the best pitchers in the American League . Fister allowed one run in seven innings and the Seattle Mariners beat the Baltimore Orioles 8 - 2 on Wednesday night . Fister ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and three hits , struck out three and walked one in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a right shoulder strain . The Mariners scored seven runs in the third off Brad Bergesen ( 0 - 2 ) , who gave up six hits and walked three in 2 2/3 innings . Bergesen ( 0 - 2 ) , making his second start of the season , gave up seven runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 2 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out none . The Orioles have lost five of their last six games . Bergesen ( 0 - 2 ) gave up seven runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 2 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out none . He was pulled after Casey Kotchman 's two - run homer capped a seven - run third inning . Jason Berken pitched 3 1/3 innings of three - hit ball and Jason Berken worked the final 3 1/3 innings to get the win . Casey Kotchman hit a two - out RBI double in the seventh off Kam Mickolio to make it 8 - 1 . Ty Wigginton hit a solo homer off Mariners reliever Shawn Kelley in the ninth . The Orioles have lost six of their last seven games . Ichiro Suzuki led off the first with a double , but was stranded when Jose Lopez grounded into a double play .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Andy Pettitte was n't sure what to expect when he was on the mound . Pettitte pitched eight sharp innings for his first win in more than a year , and the New York Yankees beat the Texas Rangers 5 - 2 Friday night for their fifth straight victory . Pettitte ( 2 - 0 ) gave up two runs and four hits , struck out four and walked three in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained right shoulder . The Yankees won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 0 against the Rangers this season . They have won four of their last five overall . Mariano Rivera pitched a perfect ninth for his fifth save in as many chances . He struck out pinch hitter Chris Davis with a runner on second to end it . Rich Harden ( 0 - 1 ) walked six and struck out five in 3 2/3 innings in his first start of the season . The right-hander walked six , including three in the third . Harden ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked six and struck out five . The Yankees loaded the bases with one out in the first on a hit batter , a walk and a hit batter . Cano drove in Gardner with a sacrifice fly . The Rangers took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on Elvis Andrus ' RBI double and Michael Young 's RBI single . Teixeira led off the bottom half with his second homer of the season , and Alex Rodriguez followed with a walk . Harden walked Rodriguez and Curtis Granderson to load the bases before Harden struck out Nick Swisher . Dustin Nippert came in and got Jorge Posada to fly out to center . Posada homered off Dustin Nippert in the seventh to make it 5 - 2 .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- The New York Mets finally found a way to win . Yadier Molina 's two - out RBI single in the 19th inning lifted the Mets to a 2 - 1 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Friday night . The Mets won for the fourth time in five games . The Mets won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 0 against the Cardinals this season . Jose Reyes drew a leadoff walk in the 19th and moved up on a sacrifice by Luis Castillo . After David Wright was intentionally walked , Mather hit Jason Bay to load the bases with one out . Yadier Molina singled to tie it , but Allen Craig was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . The Cardinals loaded the bases with two outs in the bottom of the inning , but Ryan Ludwick grounded out to end the threat . Jose Reyes drew a leadoff walk in the 19th and moved up on a sacrifice by Luis Castillo . David Wright was intentionally walked and Jason Bay was hit by a pitch to load the bases for Francoeur , who hit a sacrifice fly to center . Mike Pelfrey worked the 17th for his first save of the season and the Mets won for the sixth time in seven games . Joe Mather had two hits and an RBI for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . The Cardinals have lost four of five . Mets starter Jaime Garcia struck out nine in seven shutout innings , allowing just four hits and one walk . St. Louis starter Jaime Garcia gave up one hit in seven shutout innings , striking out five and walking one . St. Louis starter Jaime Garcia allowed one hit in seven shutout innings , striking out five and walking one .
PHILADELPHIA -- Roy Halladay was n't going to let the game get away . Halladay won his third straight start and the Philadelphia Phillies held on for an 8 - 6 victory over the Florida Marlins on Wednesday night . Halladay ( 3 - 0 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in eight innings , striking out four without walking a batter . Dan Uggla hit a solo homer and Hanley Ramirez had three hits for the Marlins , who have won four of five . Ryan Madson got the last two outs for his third save . Anibal Sanchez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out one . The Phillies jumped on Sanchez for three runs in the first . Shane Victorino led off with a walk , Chase Utley walked and Ryan Howard singled in Victorino . Raul Ibanez walked to load the bases . Juan Castro 's RBI single made it 2 - 0 , and Carlos Ruiz 's RBI single made it 3 - 0 . Polanco hit a solo shot in the second to make it 4 - 0 . Werth led off the bottom of the third with a double and scored on Castro 's sacrifice fly to make it 5 - 0 . The Marlins got a run back in the fourth on a single by Ramirez , who had three hits . Utley led off the bottom of the seventh with a homer off Dan Meyer to make it 6 - 1 . Jayson Werth added an RBI double and Juan Castro added an RBI single to make it 8 - 1 . Gaby Sanchez singled with one out in the eighth and scored on Ramirez 's double to make it 8 - 2 .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Dallas Braden is making a strong case to stay in the rotation . Braden pitched seven strong innings to win his second straight start and the Oakland Athletics beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 2 on Wednesday night . Braden ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and three hits , struck out four and walked one in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained right shoulder . Ty Wigginton hit a two - run homer in the fifth for the Orioles , who lost for the fourth time in five games . Andrew Bailey pitched the ninth for his first save . Kevin Millwood ( 0 - 2 ) struck out nine in six innings , allowing four runs -- three earned -- and nine hits . He did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Orioles have lost four of their last five games . Millwood gave up four runs -- three earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter . The A 's scored their first run in the second when Kevin Kouzmanoff led off with a single and took third on Eric Chavez 's single . Fox followed with a sacrifice fly . Rajai Davis led off the third with a single , stole second and advanced to third on catcher Matt Wieters ' throwing error . Davis scored on Ryan Sweeney 's groundout . The A 's made it 4 - 0 in the fourth when Jake Fox and Gabe Gross singled with one out . Millwood struck out Adam Rosales before Pennington lined a triple into the right-field corner to make it 4 - 0 . Wigginton hit a two - run homer in the fifth for Baltimore 's first hit .
PHILADELPHIA -- Ryan Zimmerman 's first home run in more than a year . Zimmerman 's two - run shot in the eighth inning lifted the Washington Nationals to a 7 - 5 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Friday night . Chase Utley also hit a solo homer for the NL East-leading Phillies , who have won four of five . Dunn hit a solo shot off Danys Baez ( 0 - 1 ) in the eighth to help the Nationals snap a four - game losing streak . Zimmerman , who entered the game in a 1 - for - 18 slump , was booed loudly when he batted for the first time in his big league career . The Nationals took a 5 - 4 lead in the top of the ninth on Ivan Rodriguez 's two - run single off Ryan Madson . Shane Victorino led off the bottom of the ninth with a homer off Matt Capps to cut it to 7 - 5 . Placido Polanco followed with a single , but Capps got Chase Utley and Jayson Werth to fly out to end the game . Tyler Clippard ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win and Matt Capps worked the ninth for his fourth save in four tries . The Nationals got a run back in the seventh on Ian Desmond 's RBI single off Antonio Bastardo . The Phillies scored three runs in the sixth to take a 4 - 1 lead . Placido Polanco led off with a single and scored on Ian Desmond 's two - out single off Antonio Bastardo . Olsen allowed four runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . Utley put the Phillies up 1 - 0 in the first with his second homer of the season . The Nationals tied it in the third when Nyjer Morgan walked , moved up on a sacrifice and scored on Cristian Guzman 's groundout .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- Colby Lewis was n't sure what to expect . Lewis struck out 10 in 5 1/3 innings , and the Texas Rangers beat the Cleveland Indians 6 - 2 on Wednesday night . Lewis ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and three hits . The right-hander was pulled after walking Jhonny Peralta and Luis Valbuena to load the bases with one out in the sixth . Dustin Nippert then walked Luis Valbuena to load the bases . Joe Smith came on and gave up a two - run single to Julio Borbon that made it 6 - 2 . Julio Borbon hit a two - run single in the eighth off Aaron Laffey , who was making his major league debut . Justin Masterson ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Julio Borbon singled , stole second and scored on Hamilton 's one - out double . The Indians loaded the bases with one out in the bottom of the first , but Lewis struck out Jhonny Peralta and Matt LaPorta to end the inning . The Rangers added two unearned runs in the third . Michael Young reached on a two - base error by third baseman Jhonny Peralta and took third on Hamilton 's single . Young scored on a groundout by Vladimir Guerrero , and Cruz 's homer made it 4 - 0 . The Rangers added two runs in the eighth off Indians reliever Aaron Laffey on a two - run single by Borbon . Joe Smith got Michael Young to fly out to end the inning .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- Miguel Cairo has been one of the most dangerous hitters in the majors . Cairo hit a tiebreaking RBI single in the eighth inning , rallying the Cincinnati Reds to a 3 - 1 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . The Reds won for the fourth time in five games and moved two games over .500 for the first time this season . The Cubs have lost five of their last six overall . Orlando Cabrera led off the eighth with a single against John Grabow ( 0 - 2 ) and moved to third on Brandon Phillips ' one - out single . After Esmailin Caridad walked Scott Rolen to load the bases , Esmailin Caridad walked Hernandez to force in a run and make it 2 - 1 . Cairo then hit a fly ball to left field that was caught by a fan in the outfield . The Reds loaded the bases with one out in the seventh on a single by Scott Rolen , a walk to Ramon Hernandez and a single by pinch-hitter Miguel Cairo . Nick Masset ( 1 - 0 ) pitched the eighth for the win . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth for his second save . Cincinnati 's Mike Leake gave up one run and four hits in 6 2/3 innings , walking seven and striking out five . Reds starter Mike Leake gave up four hits and a career-high seven walks in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five . The Cubs loaded the bases with no outs in the first , but Leake escaped by striking out Marlon Byrd and Marlon Byrd and getting Alfonso Soriano to fly out . Ryan Theriot walked and scored on Lee 's single in the fifth .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Tim Lincecum is making the most of his opportunity . Lincecum struck out 10 in seven innings to win his second straight start and the San Francisco Giants beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Mark DeRosa hit an RBI single in the sixth for the Giants , who won for the seventh time in nine games . Lincecum ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and five hits , struck out 10 and walked one in his second start of the season . Mark DeRosa hit an RBI single in the sixth for the Giants , who have won four of five following a six - game losing streak . Pablo Sandoval hit a two - run homer off Kris Medlen in the eighth for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Jeremy Affeldt pitched the final two innings for his first save . Kenshin Kawakami ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out one . Brian McCann hit a two - run homer in the first for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Sandoval tripled with two outs in the fourth and scored on Aubrey Huff 's single to make it 2 - 1 . Sandoval tripled with two outs in the fourth and scored on Aubrey Huff 's single to make it 2 - 1 . Sandoval 's two - run homer off Kris Medlen in the eighth put San Francisco ahead 5 - 2 .
DETROIT ( AP ) -- Jeremy Bonderman did n't have his best stuff . Bonderman allowed one hit over five innings in his first start of the season , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Cleveland Indians 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Bonderman ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and one hit in his first start of the season . He struck out five , walked two and hit a batter . Tony Sipp walked the bases loaded with two outs in the seventh , but Smith struck out Alex Avila to end the inning . Ryan Perry pitched a perfect ninth for his first save . Mitch Talbot ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out one . The Indians have lost five of their last six games . Ordonez hit a two - run homer in the first inning to give Detroit a 2 - 0 lead . Miguel Cabrera drew a walk to start the bottom of the third , and Carlos Guillen walked . Brandon Inge singled in Cabrera , and Guillen scored on Scott Sizemore 's sacrifice fly . Bonderman walked Shin-Soo Choo and Travis Hafner with two outs in the fourth , then threw a wild pitch that allowed Choo to score and make it 4 - 1 . Travis Hafner 's two - out RBI single off Brad Thomas in the sixth made it 4 - 2 . The Tigers loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh , but Tony Sipp got Miguel Cabrera to ground into a double play and then walked Brandon Inge to load the bases before striking out Alex Avila .
MIAMI ( AP ) -- Hiroki Kuroda did n't have his best stuff . The Los Angeles Dodgers ' right-hander pitched eight innings , and the Los Angeles Dodgers scored four runs in the ninth to beat the Florida Marlins 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . James Loney hit a two - run double in the ninth for the Dodgers , who have won four of their past five games . Kuroda ( 1 - 0 ) gave up one unearned run and five hits . He struck out seven and walked one . The Marlins loaded the bases with one out in the ninth against Russ Ortiz , who was replaced by Jonathan Broxton , who struck out Chris Coghlan and Cameron Maybin to end the game . Chris Volstad ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs , two earned , and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out two . The Dodgers scored four runs in the seventh to take a 4 - 1 lead . Ramirez led off with a double against Russ Ortiz and scored on Blake DeWitt 's single to center . Russell Martin walked to load the bases , and Clay Hensley came in and got Reed Johnson to hit a grounder to shortstop Hanley Ramirez , who threw wildly to first for an error , allowing Carroll and Martin to score . The Dodgers added two runs in the ninth off Jose Veras , who gave up a leadoff walk to Russell Martin and a double to Rafael Furcal . Veras struck out Garret Anderson , but Loney hit a two - run double . Russell Martin walked to load the bases , and Clay Hensley came in and got Reed Johnson to hit a grounder to shortstop Hanley Ramirez , who threw wildly to first for an error , allowing Carroll and Martin to score . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth . Cameron Maybin led off with a single , advanced to second on a throwing error by catcher Russell Martin and scored on Jorge Cantu 's single . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth . Cameron Maybin led off with a single , advanced to second on a passed ball and scored on Jorge Cantu 's single to center . Kuroda struck out Jorge Cantu with the bases loaded to end the first .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- Ronnie Belliard is starting to feel comfortable at the plate . Belliard hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs , and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 10 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fourth consecutive victory . Belliard had three hits and drove in four runs , including a two - run homer in the fifth inning that put the Dodgers ahead 4 - 0 . Belliard had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in four runs . Belliard had three hits and drove in four runs . Belliard 's two - run homer in the fifth off Paul Maholm ( 0 - 1 ) gave the Dodgers a 4 - 0 lead . The Dodgers added four runs in the seventh off Hayden Penn , who was making his major league debut . Chad Billingsley ( 1 - 0 ) gave up one run and five hits in 5 1/3 innings , walking four and striking out seven . Paul Maholm ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings , walking two and striking out three . The Dodgers scored four runs in the seventh off Hayden Penn , who was making his major league debut . Ryan Church singled with one out and scored on Delwyn Young 's double to make it 8 - 2 . Andy LaRoche reached on Crosby 's fielding error , but Monasterios struck out pinch-hitter Lastings Milledge and got Bobby Crosby to pop out to end the threat . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Reed Johnson doubled and scored on Loney 's two - out single . Kemp 's sacrifice fly made it 2 - 0 in the third .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Miguel Cabrera has been one of the best hitters in the American League . Cabrera hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs to lead the Detroit Tigers to a 7 - 3 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . Cabrera , who had four hits , drove in four runs , including a three - run homer in the eighth inning that put the Tigers up 4 - 2 . It was Cabrera 's first four - hit game of the season . Cabrera finished 4 - for - 5 with four RBIs . Cabrera hit a three - run homer in the eighth off Luis Mendoza ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up five runs and four hits in 1 2/3 innings . The Tigers scored three runs in the ninth off Luis Mendoza ( 0 - 1 ) , who was making his major league debut . Adam Everett doubled with one out in the ninth and scored when Jackson doubled off the wall in left . Roman Colon then walked Magglio Ordonez and Colon hit Ryan Raburn with a pitch with the bases loaded to force in Ordonez . Jose Valverde pitched a perfect ninth for Detroit . Royals starter Brian Bannister gave up one run and six hits in six innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Royals starter Brian Bannister gave up one run and six hits in six innings . He struck out three without a walk . Ordonez hit a solo home run in the sixth off Royals starter Brian Bannister , who allowed one run and six hits in six innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Ryan Perry walked Billy Butler leading off the eighth and Jose Guillen doubled to put runners at second and third . Ankiel 's sacrifice fly scored Butler to make it 4 - 3 . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Guillen singled home David DeJesus , who led off the inning with a walk . Billy Butler 's RBI single made it 2 - 0 in the third .
BOSTON ( AP ) -- The New York Yankees are on their longest winning streak of the season . Curtis Granderson led off the 10th inning with a home run and the Yankees beat the Boston Red Sox 3 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight win . The Yankees won for the fifth time in six games and improved to 5 - 0 against the Red Sox this season . Granderson led off the bottom of the 10th with a homer off Jonathan Papelbon ( 0 - 1 ) . Brett Gardner walked and Derek Jeter walked before Scott Atchison walked Nick Johnson to load the bases . Chan Ho Park ( 1 - 1 ) pitched three innings of scoreless relief for his first major league win . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth when J. D. Drew singled and stole second . Cameron Atchison came in and retired Marco Scutaro on a fly to center to end the inning . Jonathan Papelbon ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss . The Red Sox , who had won four of their previous five games , took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Dustin Pedroia led off the third with a double and scored on David Ortiz 's two - out single . The Yankees tied it in the seventh when Jorge Posada doubled with one out and scored on Nick Swisher 's two - out single off Daniel Bard . Lackey allowed three hits and two walks , striking out three in six innings . The Yankees had runners on first and second with one out in the sixth , but Alex Rodriguez grounded into a double play .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Tommy Hanson was n't sure what to expect . Hanson pitched effectively into the seventh inning , and the Atlanta Braves scored three runs in the seventh to beat the Philadelphia Phillies 9 - 3 on Wednesday night . Hanson ( 5 - 3 ) gave up one run and three hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . Troy Glaus hit a three - run homer off Chad Durbin in the seventh , and Yunel Escobar had two hits and two RBIs for Atlanta . Jones hit a two - run homer in the first off Joe Blanton ( 1 - 4 ) , who gave up eight hits and six runs , four earned , in six innings . The Braves scored three runs in the third off Blanton ( 1 - 4 ) . Brian McCann drew a one - out walk , moved to third on Troy Glaus ' single and scored when Eric Hinske hit a grounder to first baseman Ryan Howard , who threw to first for the second out . Escobar followed with a two - run single up the middle . Blanton gave up eight hits and six runs , four earned , in six innings . The Phillies scored three runs in the seventh off Peter Moylan . Glaus hit a three - run homer off Chad Durbin in the seventh to make it 9 - 3 . The Phillies loaded the bases with no outs in the second on Martin Prado 's single and a walk , but Hanson escaped by getting Carlos Ruiz to fly out and Wilson Valdez to ground into a double play . The Braves took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on Jones ' two - run homer and Eric Hinske 's RBI single . The Phillies loaded the bases with no outs in the second , but Hanson escaped the jam by getting Carlos Ruiz to fly out and Wilson Valdez to ground into a double play . The Braves made it 6 - 0 in the third . Brian McCann walked , moved to third on Glaus ' single and scored on Eric Hinske 's grounder to first baseman Ryan Howard , who threw wildly to the plate for an error . Escobar followed with a two - run single .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- The St. Louis Cardinals had a lot to do with that . Jon Jay hit a go-ahead , two - run double in a seven - run sixth inning , and the Cardinals beat the Cincinnati Reds 12 - 4 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Cardinals won for the seventh time in nine games . Jaime Garcia ( 5 - 2 ) gave up three runs , two earned , in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . Bronson Arroyo ( 5 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and 10 hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out one . Jonny Gomes had a two - run double in the first for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Skip Schumaker 's sacrifice fly cut it to 2 - 1 in the second . The Cardinals took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth when Drew Stubbs reached on third baseman David Freese 's fielding error and scored on Orlando Cabrera 's single . The Cardinals took a 4 - 3 lead in the fourth on Ludwick 's RBI single and Holliday 's two - out , two - run double that put the Cardinals ahead 4 - 3 . The Cardinals added four runs in the fifth off Bronson Arroyo ( 5 - 3 ) , who gave up seven runs and 10 hits in 4 1/3 innings . David Freese doubled with one out and scored on Rasmus ' single to make it 8 - 3 . After Yadier Molina walked , Mike Lincoln relieved Fisher and gave up a two - run double to pinch-hitter Jon Jay . Stubbs tripled off Trever Miller in the eighth and scored on Ramon Hernandez 's groundout .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have n't had a winning record since the All-Star break . Manny Ramirez homered for the second straight game , Manny Ramirez homered and the Dodgers rallied from a three - run deficit to beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 5 - 4 on Wednesday night . The Dodgers won for the seventh time in eight games and moved within one game of first-place San Francisco in the NL West after the Diamondbacks lost 4 - 3 to San Diego . Manny Ramirez homered for the Dodgers , who scored two runs in the eighth to tie it at 4 . James Loney opened the ninth with a walk against Esmerling Vasquez ( 0 - 1 ) and advanced to second on Casey Blake 's single . Blake DeWitt then hit a grounder to second baseman Blake DeWitt , who threw to the plate for the out . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . James Loney drew a leadoff walk in the ninth and Blake followed with a single , but Russell Martin grounded out to third to end the game . Justin Upton hit a two - run homer in the first inning for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Chris Young and Chris Young homered for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Chad Billingsley gave up four runs -- two earned -- and six hits in eight innings , struck out four and walked one . The Dodgers got a run back in the third on a walk to Blake DeWitt , a double by Rafael Furcal and an RBI single by Matt Kemp . The Dodgers closed to 4 - 2 in the third on a walk to Blake DeWitt , a double by Rafael Furcal and an RBI single by Kemp . Billingsley gave up four runs and six hits in eight innings , struck out 11 and walked none .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- Freddy Garcia was n't sure what to expect . Garcia pitched seven strong innings and the Chicago White Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Garcia ( 4 - 3 ) gave up two runs and four hits . He struck out seven and walked two . Rios hit a two - run homer off David Price ( 7 - 2 ) in the fourth to put the White Sox up 2 - 1 . It was Rios ' first home run since June 12 against Boston . The White Sox added an unearned run off Grant Balfour in the ninth . Matt Thornton pitched the ninth for his second save . Price ( 7 - 2 ) gave up three runs and four hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out four . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when B. J. Upton tripled and scored on Reid Brignac 's single . Rios put the White Sox up 2 - 1 with a two - run homer in the fourth off Price , who allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings . Evan Longoria had an RBI double in the sixth for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Ben Zobrist led off the sixth with a single and scored on Longoria 's two - out double to make it 3 - 2 . The White Sox added an unearned run off Grant Balfour in the ninth on Beckham 's RBI single .
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) -- Josh Willingham is making the most of his opportunity . Willingham hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs to lead the Washington Nationals to a 5 - 3 win over the San Diego Padres on Friday night . Willingham 's homer in the fourth inning off Clayton Richard ( 4 - 3 ) gave the Nationals a 3 - 0 lead . It was his fourth of the season and second in two games . Willingham 's homer was his fourth . John Lannan ( 2 - 2 ) allowed two runs , one earned , and seven hits in seven innings , struck out one and walked none . Matt Capps pitched the ninth for his 17th save in 18 chances . Clayton Richard ( 4 - 3 ) gave up four runs and four hits in seven innings , struck out five and walked one . Willingham 's homer to right with two outs in the fourth off Clayton Richard ( 4 - 3 ) gave the Nationals a 3 - 0 lead . It was his fourth . The Padres got on the board in the fourth when David Eckstein led off with a double and scored on Adrian Gonzalez 's single . Desmond homered with two outs in the seventh to give the Nationals a 4 - 1 lead . It was his fourth . The Nationals cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the seventh on Chris Denorfia 's two - out RBI single . The Nationals added a run in the ninth on Desmond 's RBI single off Ryan Webb .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Derek Jeter 's first home run in more than a year . Jeter homered for the first time in more than a month , and the New York Yankees beat the Minnesota Twins 1 - 0 on Friday night for their fifth straight victory . Jeter hit a solo shot in the sixth inning off Brian Duensing ( 2 - 1 ) for the Yankees , who have won four of their last five games . Jeter 's homer was his first in the majors since July 30 , 2007 , when he was with the Chicago White Sox . Jeter 's homer was his first since May 12 , when he hit a two - run shot in the sixth inning . A. J. Burnett ( 5 - 2 ) gave up three hits and struck out five in five scoreless innings for the win . Joba Chamberlain gave up a leadoff single to Joe Mauer in the eighth , but he got Justin Morneau to strike out looking and got Delmon Young to ground out . Mariano Rivera pitched the ninth for his ninth save in 11 chances . Brian Duensing ( 2 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up one run on two hits and striking out two in three innings . The Twins were shut out for the second time this season and have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Yankees have won six of their last seven games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games , including
DENVER -- Jhoulys Chacin was n't sure what to expect from his teammates . Chacin pitched six strong innings to win his third straight start , and the Colorado Rockies beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 3 - 2 on Wednesday night . Chacin ( 3 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits , struck out five and walked two to win for the first time in five starts . Chacin was cruising along until the sixth , when Kelly Johnson led off with a single and scored on Conor Jackson 's double . Jackson scored on a groundout by Justin Upton to cut Colorado 's lead to 3 - 2 . Manny Corpas pitched the ninth for his fourth save in five chances . Ian Kennedy ( 3 - 3 ) gave up three runs and five hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out two . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . Hawpe led off the second with his first home run of the season , Miguel Olivo walked and Ian Stewart singled . Olivo scored on a wild pitch to make it 2 - 0 . Tulowitzki made it 3 - 0 with a one - out homer in the third . The Diamondbacks got a run back in the sixth when Kelly Johnson led off with a single and scored on a double by Conor Jackson . Jackson scored on Justin Upton 's groundout to second . The Diamondbacks , who have lost six of their last seven games , fell to 0 - 4 on their 10-game homestand . The Rockies have won four of their last five games , including four straight at Coors Field , where they have won four of five .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- The Cincinnati Reds have been waiting all season to win . Brandon Phillips hit a two - out homer in the ninth inning , and the Reds beat the Cleveland Indians 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Reds won for the fourth time in five games . Bronson Arroyo ( 4 - 2 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 18 chances . Shin-Soo Choo homered twice and drove in three runs for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Laynce Nix had three hits , including a homer in the third for the Reds , who have won four of five . Jonny Gomes and Laynce Nix hit two - run homers in the fourth off Jake Westbrook , who allowed four runs and seven hits in five innings . Jonny Gomes and Laynce Nix hit two - run homers in the fourth off Jake Westbrook , who gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . The Indians scored four times in the fifth to tie it at 4 . Lou Marson walked with one out , stole second and scored on Trevor Crowe 's two - out double . Nix advanced to third on a groundout and scored on Orlando Cabrera 's single . Phillips homered off Kerry Wood in the ninth .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Jose Guillen has been on a tear since coming off the disabled list . Guillen homered twice and drove in three runs to lead the Kansas City Royals to a 9 - 2 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Guillen , who had been 0 - for - 7 in his first two games , is hitting .268 with four home runs and 10 RBIs in his past 10 games . Guillen , who had a two - run homer in the first inning , hit a solo shot in the seventh off Jason Hammel ( 1 - 3 ) to give the Royals a 3 - 0 lead . Brian Bannister ( 3 - 3 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in 7 1/3 innings . Jason Hammel ( 1 - 3 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Guillen 's first homer was a two - run shot in the fourth that gave the Royals a 2 - 0 lead . Guillen led off the bottom of the seventh with his second home run of the game , and Alberto Callaspo followed with a single . Randy Flores relieved and gave up a single to Alberto Callaspo , who scored on Jason Kendall 's single . Randy Flores came in and walked Scott Podsednik before Rafael Betancourt came in and gave up an RBI single to Mike Aviles . David DeJesus added an RBI single to make it 6 - 0 . Clint Barmes hit a two - run homer off Bannister in the eighth for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . The Royals added three runs in the eighth off Esmil Rogers , who had not allowed an earned run in his previous 12 appearances . Guillen 's second homer was a two - run shot off Jason Hammel ( 1 - 3 ) that gave the Royals a 2 - 0 lead . Tulowitzki doubled with one out in the fourth and moved to third on Brad Hawpe 's grounder to third . Tulowitzki was stranded when Miguel Olivo flied out .
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) -- The Oakland Athletics are finally starting to find a way to win . Rajai Davis drove in three runs and the A 's beat the San Francisco Giants 6 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The A 's won for the fourth time in five games following a five - game losing streak . Trevor Cahill ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one run and six hits in 6 2/3 innings , striking out four and walking one . Barry Zito ( 6 - 2 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out three . The A 's scored three times in the third on a two - run double by Rajai Davis and a sacrifice fly by Coco Crisp . Daric Barton led off the sixth with a double and scored on Sweeney 's single to right . The A 's added a run in the seventh on Andres Torres ' RBI double off Brad Ziegler . John Bowker singled with two outs in the seventh and scored on Andres Torres ' two - out double . Brad Ziegler came in and got Eli Whiteside to ground out to end the inning . Cahill allowed one run and six hits in 6 2/3 innings , struck out four and walked one . Andres Torres hit an RBI double off Brad Ziegler in the seventh to make it 4 - 1 . The A 's added a run in the seventh on Davis ' sacrifice fly and Crisp 's RBI double .
BALTIMORE -- For the first time in more than a month , the Baltimore Orioles had a chance to win the game . Nick Markakis singled in the winning run in the 10th inning , and the Orioles beat the Kansas City Royals 4 - 3 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . It was the first time this season the Orioles won a game when trailing after eight innings . Corey Patterson hit a tying homer off Blake Wood in the eighth to tie the game at 3 , and Nick Markakis singled in the winning run in the bottom half . Julio Lugo singled with one out in the 10th and went to second on a walk to Corey Patterson . Cesar Izturis then hit a grounder to shortstop Cesar Izturis , whose throw to the plate was too late to get Lugo . Alfredo Simon ( 1 - 1 ) struck out Jose Guillen on a 2 - 2 pitch to end the threat . Luke Scott hit two home runs for the Orioles , including a two - run shot in the seventh that made it 3 - 2 . Corey Patterson hit a solo homer off Blake Wood in the eighth to tie it . The Royals took a 3 - 0 lead in the fifth . Jose Guillen singled , took third on a single by Alberto Callaspo and scored on a single by Mitch Maier . Yuniesky Betancourt flied out before Chris Getz and Scott Podsednik each singled in a run . Scott led off the bottom half with his second home run of the game , and Scott hit a drive to left to lead off the bottom half . Greinke allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings , striking out six and walking one . Greinke gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- Corey Hart had a lot of fun . Hart hit his first two home runs of the season and Jonny Gomes added a three - run shot in a five - run seventh inning , rallying the Cincinnati Reds to a 6 - 3 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Gomes ' homer was his first in the majors since May 8 , when he was with St. Louis . Chris Heisey led off the bottom of the seventh with a triple and scored on Orlando Cabrera 's single . Brandon Phillips singled and Joey Votto singled to load the bases . Cueto ( 3 - 1 ) gave up seven hits and a walk while striking out seven in seven innings . Francisco Cordero got the last two outs for his 13th save in 14 chances , getting Ryan Braun to fly out with runners on second and third to end it . Todd Coffey ( 1 - 1 ) gave up five runs and five hits in one inning for the loss . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . Hart hit a solo homer off Cueto in the fourth , his first multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . He also had a two - run homer in the eighth inning of the Reds ' 4 - 2 win over the Brewers on Friday night . Cueto ( 3 - 1 ) gave up a solo homer to Corey Hart in the fourth and a solo shot by Corey Hart in the fourth . He walked six and struck out five . The Reds tied it in the sixth . Brandon Phillips walked and scored on Votto 's double down the right-field line . Rolen singled and Jay Bruce singled , putting runners on first and second , but Gallardo struck out Ramon Hernandez to end the threat . The Reds tied it in the sixth on Votto 's RBI double and a bases-loaded walk to Drew Stubbs . But Gallardo struck out Ramon Hernandez to end the threat .
MIAMI ( AP ) -- The Florida Marlins are starting to feel good about themselves . Cameron Maybin drove in three runs and the Florida Marlins beat the New York Mets 7 - 5 on Tuesday night for their fourth consecutive victory . The Marlins won for only the second time in their past nine home games . Nate Robertson ( 4 - 3 ) allowed three runs , two earned , and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out two . Juan Carlos Oviedo gave up a run in the ninth but held on for his eighth save in 10 chances . John Maine ( 1 - 3 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out five . The Mets fell to 1 - 5 on their 10-game homestand , their longest of the season . The Marlins took a 3 - 0 lead in the first . Chris Coghlan walked , Gaby Sanchez walked and Hanley Ramirez walked to load the bases . Uggla walked to force in a run , and Cameron Maybin drove in two more with a single . The Mets tied the game in the third on an RBI single by Jason Bay and a sacrifice fly by David Wright . The Marlins scored three runs in the fifth to take a 6 - 3 lead . Ramirez led off with a double to right and advanced to third when right fielder Jeff Francoeur bobbled the ball for an error . Jorge Cantu followed with an RBI double and scored on Ross ' single to make it 5 - 3 . Jorge Cantu singled to put runners at second and third , but Mejia struck out Dan Uggla to end the inning . Luis Castillo hit an RBI triple off Brian Sanches in the seventh to cut it to 7 - 4 , but Clay Hensley retired the next two batters to end the inning .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- Jaime Garcia had a lot to do with it . The St. Louis right-hander gave up two runs in 6 1/3 innings , and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Cincinnati Reds 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Garcia ( 4 - 2 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out six . Ryan Franklin gave up a run in the ninth but got his eighth save in 12 chances . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . Aaron Harang ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Pujols ' homer gave the Cardinals a 2 - 0 lead in the third inning . Ludwick , who had three hits , hit a two - run homer in the fifth off Aaron Harang ( 2 - 5 ) , who gave up eight hits and four runs with two walks and five strikeouts in six - plus innings . Drew Stubbs hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Drew Stubbs hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Reds , who have lost four of five . The Reds loaded the bases with one out in the first , but Garcia struck out Jay Bruce to end the threat . Pujols hit a two - run homer in the third for a 2 - 0 lead . Ludwick singled with one out and scored on Pujols ' homer .
MIAMI ( AP ) -- The Florida Marlins have been waiting for a wild pitch to score the winning run . Cody Ross scored the winning run on a wild pitch by Fernando Nieve in the ninth inning , and the Marlins beat the New York Mets 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . The Marlins won for the fifth time in six games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . They have the best record in the majors . The Marlins won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 0 against the Mets this season . Cody Ross drew a one - out walk in the ninth from Fernando Nieve ( 1 - 2 ) and advanced to third on Ronny Paulino 's single to right . Nieve then threw a wild pitch that allowed Ross to score the winning run . Juan Carlos Oviedo ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . The Mets , who have the worst record in the majors , lost for the fourth time in five games . New York starter Johan Santana allowed an unearned run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Johnson said he was n't worried about his performance . The Mets scored in the second when Jason Bay singled and moved to second on a wild pitch . David Wright struck out , but Rod Barajas singled to score Bay . The Marlins tied it in the third . Gaby Sanchez led off with a single , took second on a wild pitch and scored on Chris Coghlan 's single . Santana struck out five and walked one .
PHOENIX ( AP ) -- Hiroki Kuroda did n't have his best stuff . Kuroda struck out nine in 7 1/3 innings , Manny Ramirez hit a go-ahead , three - run double in the seventh inning and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Kuroda ( 4 - 1 ) gave up three runs , two earned , and six hits . He walked one and struck out nine . The Diamondbacks loaded the bases with one out in the eighth on a single by Conor Jackson , a walk to Justin Upton and a one - out walk to Mark Reynolds . Ronald Belisario walked Mark Reynolds to load the bases , then gave up a sacrifice fly to Adam LaRoche . Jonathan Broxton struck out Conor Jackson and Stephen Drew for his fourth save in six tries . Edwin Jackson ( 1 - 5 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked four . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . Jamey Carroll drew a leadoff walk in the seventh , advanced to third on a sacrifice bunt by Kuroda and took third on a single by Russell Martin . Aaron Heilman relieved and struck out Matt Kemp . Adam LaRoche 's sacrifice fly cut it to 6 - 3 , but pinch-hitter Rusty Ryal flied out to end the inning . Ethier 's two - run homer in the fourth inning was his first since May 8 . The Dodgers tied it at 2 in the fourth on a two - run double by Adam LaRoche . Jamey Carroll drew a leadoff walk in the fifth , stole second and scored on Kemp 's single to put the Dodgers up 3 - 2 .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- Carl Pavano has been one of the best pitchers in the American League . Pavano won for the first time in more than a month and the Minnesota Twins beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 2 on Wednesday night . Pavano ( 4 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits with four strikeouts and one walk in seven innings . Jon Rauch pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . John Danks ( 3 - 2 ) gave up three runs and seven hits with three walks and three strikeouts in seven innings . The White Sox have lost six of their last seven games . The White Sox scored two runs in the first on a throwing error by catcher Joe Mauer that allowed Juan Pierre to score from second base on a double by Paul Konerko . Paul Konerko followed with an RBI single to give the White Sox a 2 - 0 lead . The Twins tied it in the third on a groundout by Mauer and an RBI single by Justin Morneau . Delmon Young led off the fourth with a double and scored on Span 's single to put the Twins up 3 - 2 . The White Sox threatened again in the sixth , putting runners on first and second with one out , but Pavano got Mark Kotsay to fly out and Carlos Quentin to fly out to end the inning . The White Sox have lost six of their last seven games . The Twins have won six of their last seven games , including three of their last four games .
DETROIT -- The Detroit Tigers have been waiting all season long enough to keep their winning streak alive . Marcus Thames and Brett Gardner each drove in a run in the eighth inning , and the Tigers held on for a 5 - 4 victory over the New York Yankees on Tuesday night . The Tigers have won six of their last seven games . Eddie Bonine ( 3 - 0 ) pitched 2 1/3 innings of two - hit ball for the win , and Joel Zumaya allowed two runs in the sixth . The Yankees loaded the bases with no outs in the eighth , but Ryan Perry retired Randy Winn on a popup and Derek Jeter on a line drive to end the inning . Jose Valverde struck out the side in the ninth for his ninth save in 12 chances . Sergio Mitre ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and five hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Brennan Boesch 's two - out , two - run single . The Tigers made it 3 - 0 in the second when Scott Sizemore walked , took second on a single by Gerald Laird and scored on a groundout by Austin Jackson . Teixeira 's two - run homer in the third off Brad Thomas made it 3 - 2 . Damon 's homer made it 4 - 2 in the fifth . The Yankees loaded the bases with one out in the sixth , but Randy Winn flied out to end the inning .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- The Toronto Blue Jays are on a roll . Fred Lewis hit a three - run homer in the ninth inning , Fred Lewis also went deep and the Blue Jays beat the Chicago White Sox 9 - 7 on Tuesday night . The Blue Jays won for the seventh time in nine games and improved to 5 - 0 against the White Sox this season . Lewis hit a three - run homer in the ninth off White Sox closer Bobby Jenks ( 1 - 1 ) to give Toronto an 8 - 7 lead . Jason Frasor ( 2 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up Carlos Quentin 's RBI double in the eighth . Kevin Gregg pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save in 12 chances . The White Sox rallied for two runs in the seventh off Shawn Camp to tie it at 5 . Rios tied it with a solo homer off Shawn Camp . Carlos Quentin followed with a double and Alexei Ramirez was intentionally walked before Downs hit Juan Pierre with a pitch with the bases loaded to force in a run . The Blue Jays took a 5 - 3 lead in the third on Lind 's two - run single and Wells ' two - run homer . The White Sox loaded the bases with no outs in the third on a walk to Konerko , a single by Alex Rios and a walk to Carlos Quentin . Konerko scored when Alexei Ramirez grounded into a double play , and Ramon Castro struck out to end the inning . The White Sox scored three times in the second . Alex Rios and Carlos Quentin singled and Ramon Castro walked to load the bases . Jayson Nix and Juan Pierre followed with RBI singles and Gordon Beckham drove in another run with a groundout . The White Sox cut the lead to 5 - 4 in the third when Paul Konerko scored on Ramirez 's double-play grounder .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros have n't had a winning record since the All-Star break . Hunter Pence hit an RBI double in the 11th inning to lift the Astros to a 4 - 3 win over the San Diego Padres on Wednesday night . The Astros won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 5 - 0 in extra-inning games this season . Jeff Keppinger reached on an error by shortstop Jerry Hairston to start the bottom of the ninth . Matsui advanced to third on Jason Michaels ' groundout and scored on a sacrifice fly by Pedro Feliz to tie it at 3 . Jeff Keppinger reached on an error by Padres third baseman Chase Headley to start the 11th before Lance Berkman singled off Ryan Webb ( 0 - 1 ) . Brandon Lyon ( 2 - 1 ) retired David Eckstein on a groundout to end the inning . Carlos Lee and Hunter Pence hit back-to-back homers for the Astros in the sixth . Oswalt allowed six hits and three runs with nine strikeouts in eight innings . The Padres did n't get a hit until Matt Stairs singled to start the fifth inning . Nick Hundley walked before Stauffer 's two - out double to right field scored Stairs and Hundley . Tony Gwynn Jr. followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 0 . Stauffer allowed six hits and struck out a season-high nine in five innings . Carlos Lee and Hunter Pence homered for the Astros in the sixth off Edward Mujica .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- Scott Baker has been one of the best pitchers in the American League . Baker pitched eight strong innings and the Minnesota Twins beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 1 on Friday night . Baker ( 4 - 2 ) gave up one run and three hits , striking out eight without a walk . Delmon Young had three hits and two RBIs , and Drew Butera added a two - run single in the eighth for the Twins , who took two of three in the series . Baker ( 4 - 2 ) gave up a solo homer to Luke Scott with one out in the fifth , but the Twins did n't score again until the eighth . Kevin Millwood ( 0 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits with three walks and four strikeouts in seven innings . The Twins scored three runs in the sixth to take a 3 - 1 lead . Orlando Hudson walked and Justin Morneau singled to start the inning . Hudson scored when Michael Cuddyer grounded into a double play . Albers then intentionally walked Nick Punto and struck out pinch-hitter Joe Mauer before Butera 's two - run single made it 6 - 1 . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Delmon Young hit a two - out double and scored on Nick Punto 's double . Luke Scott tied it in the fifth with a solo homer off the facing of the second deck in left field , but the Orioles did n't get another hit until Scott 's homer in the fifth . The Twins took a 3 - 1 lead in the sixth . Orlando Hudson walked and Justin Morneau singled to start the inning . Hudson scored when Michael Cuddyer grounded into a double play , and Young followed with an RBI single to put the Twins up 3 - 1 . Adam Jones singled with one out in the eighth , but Garrett Atkins popped out to end the inning .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- The New York Mets finally found a way to win . Henry Blanco hit a game-ending homer in the 11th inning , and the Mets rallied to beat the San Francisco Giants 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Mets won for the seventh time in nine games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . New York has won four of five overall . Aubrey Huff drove in the tying run with a two - out single off Pedro Feliciano in the eighth , but Jenrry Mejia struck out Juan Uribe to end the inning . Blanco connected on a 1 - 0 pitch from Guillermo Mota ( 0 - 1 ) for his first career game-ending homer . It was Mota 's first blown save in 11 chances . Hisanori Takahashi ( 3 - 1 ) struck out two in a perfect 11th for the win . Nate Schierholtz and Aaron Rowand opened the eighth with consecutive singles off Fernando Nieve , and Pablo Sandoval hit a sacrifice fly off Fernando Nieve to cut it to 4 - 3 . Eli Whiteside followed with a single , and Aubrey Huff hit a two - out RBI single to tie it at 4 . Jenrry Mejia came on and struck out Juan Uribe to end the inning . Angel Pagan hit a two - run triple in the second for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Aubrey Huff hit a sacrifice fly and Juan Uribe added an RBI single in the fourth for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Reyes drew a one - out walk in the fifth , stole second and scored on Jason Bay 's single . Santana allowed four runs and eight hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out six without a walk .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- Jhoulys Chacin was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Carlos Gonzalez hit a three - run triple during Colorado 's six - run sixth inning , and the Colorado Rockies beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 8 - 0 on Tuesday night . Chacin ( 2 - 0 ) gave up six hits and two walks in 7 1/3 innings , striking out seven . Charlie Haeger ( 0 - 4 ) gave up five runs and two hits in the first inning , including Troy Tulowitzki 's bases-loaded walk , and Ian Stewart 's two - run homer . Haeger ( 0 - 4 ) was charged with five runs and two hits over five innings . He walked three and struck out none . Haeger ( 0 - 4 ) was charged with five runs , two hits and three walks in the first inning . The Rockies extended their lead to 7 - 0 in the second on an RBI single by Ian Stewart . The Rockies extended their lead to 7 - 0 in the second on an RBI single by Stewart . Ortiz was charged with two runs and six hits in five innings , struck out four and walked two . The Rockies extended their lead to 8 - 0 in the sixth on Clint Barmes ' RBI single off Carlos Monasterios . Andre Ethier led off the Dodgers sixth with a double and was hit by a pitch to start the inning . But Chacin retired Manny Ramirez on a fly to center and James Loney on a fly to center before Chacin hit Casey Blake with a pitch before Blake DeWitt flied out to end the inning . The Dodgers threatened again in the eighth , putting runners on first and third with one out , but Randy Flores got James Loney to ground into a double play .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- The St. Louis Cardinals had a lot to do with it . Albert Pujols drove in the go-ahead run with a bases-loaded walk in the eighth inning and Albert Pujols drove in two runs , leading the Cardinals to a 6 - 3 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . The Cardinals won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . Ryan Franklin ( 1 - 0 ) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief . Blake Hawksworth walked Ramon Hernandez leading off the eighth and was replaced by Carlos Fisher ( 1 - 0 ) , who gave up an RBI single to Joey Votto and a tying sacrifice fly to Scott Rolen . The Reds tied it in the eighth on Joey Votto 's RBI single and Scott Rolen 's sacrifice fly . Carlos Fisher ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs on two hits and a walk in the eighth for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Ryan Franklin ( 1 - 0 ) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of hitless relief . St. Louis starter Kyle Lohse gave up one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked none . Reds starter Homer Bailey gave up three runs , two earned , in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . The Cardinals took a 3 - 1 lead in the seventh . Skip Schumaker drew a one - out walk , stole second and scored on Pujols ' two - out double off Carlos Fisher ( 0 - 1 ) . Pujols scored on a throwing error by Colby Rasmus , who was charged with an error . Freese homered in the fourth for a 1 - 0 lead . Freese homered in the fourth for a 1 - 0 lead .
SAN DIEGO -- Yovani Gallardo 's first home run of the season was a memorable one . Gallardo struck out a season-high 11 in seven strong innings and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the San Diego Padres 2 - 1 on Wednesday night . Gallardo ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and six hits , walked two and struck out a season-high 11 . Trevor Hoffman pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save in six chances . Mat Latos ( 1 - 3 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings , struck out four and walked three . The Padres , who have the worst record in the majors , have lost five of six . Gallardo led off the third with his first home run of the season and second in two games . The Padres tied it in the bottom of the inning when Adrian Gonzalez singled home Tony Gwynn Jr. , who had singled . Weeks Jr. led off the fifth with his second homer of the season and second in two games . Weeks Jr. hit his first home run of the season leading off the fifth to give the Brewers a 2 - 1 lead . It was his second of the season and second in two games . The Padres had runners on second and third with one out in the sixth , but Gallardo struck out Jerry Hairston Jr. to end the inning . The Padres threatened in the seventh when Nick Hundley hit a leadoff double , but Gallardo struck out Kyle Blanks and Tony Gwynn Jr. before David Eckstein popped out to end the inning . The Padres threatened in the eighth when Headley singled with two outs off LaTroy Hawkins . But Hawkins struck out Will Venable to end the inning .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Jair Jurrjens is making the most of his opportunity . Jurrjens gave up one run in five innings and the Atlanta Braves beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 1 on Wednesday night . Jurrjens ( 1 - 3 ) gave up six hits and one run with two walks and six strikeouts . Billy Wagner pitched the ninth for his 16th save in 18 chances . J. D. Martin ( 0 - 4 ) gave up six hits and three runs in five innings . Brian McCann 's RBI double gave Atlanta a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Martin Prado led off the inning with a double , moved to third on Chipper Jones ' flyout and scored on Brian McCann 's double . The Braves scored three runs in the fourth . Eric Hinske led off with a single , moved to second on Adam Dunn 's single and scored on Jurrjens ' single to right . Blanco scored on Martin Prado 's sacrifice fly . The Braves loaded the bases with no outs in the sixth on singles by Ryan Zimmerman and Adam Dunn and a walk to Josh Willingham . Zimmerman scored when Ivan Rodriguez grounded into a double play . The Braves added a run in the seventh . After Doug Slaten hit Melky Cabrera with a pitch , Slaten walked Chipper Jones and hit Brian McCann with a pitch to load the bases . After Troy Glaus popped out , Hinske walked to force in a run and make it 4 - 1 . Batista struck out Yunel Escobar to end the inning . The Nationals loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth on singles by Cristian Guzman and Alberto Gonzalez and a walk to Nyjer Morgan . Jurrjens escaped the jam by getting Roger Bernadina to ground out . The Nationals loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth on singles by Cristian Guzman and Alberto Gonzalez and a walk to Nyjer Morgan . Jurrjens escaped the jam by getting Roger Bernadina to ground out . The Nationals loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth on singles by Cristian Guzman and Alberto Gonzalez and a walk to Nyjer Morgan . Jurrjens escaped the jam by getting Roger Bernadina to ground out . The Nationals loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth on singles by Cristian Guzman and Alberto Gonzalez and a walk to Nyjer Morgan . Jurrjens escaped the jam when Roger Bernadina grounded out .
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) -- Clayton Richard had a big night at the plate . Richard pitched seven strong innings and drove in two runs , leading the San Diego Padres to a 13 - 3 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Friday night . Richard ( 6 - 4 ) allowed two runs and five hits , struck out 10 and walked one . He also hit a two - run double . Scott Hairston drove in four runs and Jerry Hairston Jr. drove in two runs for the Padres , who won for the fourth time in five games . Jeff Francis ( 2 - 3 ) gave up eight runs and seven hits in three innings . He struck out none and walked three . Jerry Hairston Jr. drew a leadoff walk in the first , Chris Denorfia walked and Scott Hairston singled in Hairston . Denorfia scored on Chase Headley 's single to center . The Rockies tied it in the second on a two - run double by Jonathan Herrera . The Padres regained the lead in the bottom of the inning when Chris Denorfia was hit by a pitch with one out and moved to second on Scott Hairston 's groundout . Denorfia scored on Hundley 's single to right . The Padres added four runs in the fourth . Everth Cabrera doubled in Oscar Salazar and scored on Jerry Hairston Jr. 's single . Jerry Hairston Jr. drove in Cunningham with a single , and Scott Hairston hit a three - run double . The Padres added four runs in the sixth off reliever Franklin Morales . Yorvit Torrealba walked to lead off the inning and scored on Oscar Salazar 's single . Aaron Cunningham singled to load the bases before Cabrera walked to force in a run . Jerry Hairston Jr. drove in Cunningham with a sacrifice fly off Manny Morales . The Rockies scored one run off Gallagher in the eighth on an RBI double by Seth Smith .
BALTIMORE -- For the first time in more than a month , the Baltimore Orioles had a little bit of everything . Pinch hitter Scott Moore hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning , and the Orioles rallied to beat the Washington Nationals 7 - 6 on Wednesday night . It was the first time this season the Orioles scored more than three runs . Alfredo Simon ( 2 - 1 ) worked the ninth to earn the win . The Orioles trailed 6 - 3 in the bottom of the ninth before Tyler Clippard ( 8 - 4 ) walked Matt Wieters with one out and gave up a single to Scott Moore . Matt Capps came on and got Julio Lugo to hit a grounder to second , but Guzman 's throw to second was wide , allowing Fox to score . Clippard ( 8 - 4 ) gave up four runs , four hits and three walks in 1 1/3 innings . He was replaced by Matt Capps , who gave up a double to Cesar Izturis and an RBI single to Corey Patterson . Clippard ( 8 - 4 ) gave up four runs , four hits and three walks in 1 1/3 innings . He walked Matt Wieters to lead off the eighth and Moore followed with a two - run drive to left . Cesar Izturis doubled with one out and Ryan Zimmerman singled before Dunn hit a two - run double . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Nyjer Morgan led off with a single and Cristian Guzman walked before Ryan Zimmerman struck out . Adam Dunn drove in a run with a sacrifice fly and Ivan Rodriguez added an RBI single . The Nationals made it 6 - 0 in the fourth . Ian Desmond drew a one - out walk , stole second and scored on a double by Nyjer Morgan . Ryan Zimmerman singled and Dunn hit a two - run double to make it 6 - 0 . The Orioles closed to 6 - 3 in the fifth . Julio Lugo reached on an error by shortstop Ian Desmond and scored on a sacrifice fly by Miguel Tejada . Nick Markakis singled and scored on a throwing error by Wieters .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- Miguel Tejada was n't sure if he 'd ever hit a home run . Tejada went 4 - for - 5 and drove in four runs to lead the Baltimore Orioles to an 11 - 5 victory over the Florida Marlins on Friday night . Tejada went 4 - for - 5 with four RBIs and scored three runs . Tejada 's three - run homer in the seventh off James Houser gave the Orioles a 10 - 4 lead . Kevin Millwood ( 2 - 8 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in five innings . Nate Robertson ( 5 - 6 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 2 1/3 innings . The Marlins took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning . Chris Coghlan led off with a double and scored on a single by Hanley Ramirez . Ramirez scored on a single by Dan Uggla . The Marlins made it 3 - 0 in the second when Ronny Paulino doubled and scored on a double by Gaby Sanchez . In the bottom half , Tatum doubled and scored on a single by Julio Lugo , Miguel Tejada singled in a run and Luke Scott hit a sacrifice fly before Jones hit an RBI double . The Marlins closed to 5 - 4 in the fifth on a walk to Gaby Sanchez , a walk to Ramirez and an RBI single by Dan Uggla . Jones homered off Alex Sanabia in the fifth to make it 6 - 4 . Tejada 's three - run homer in the seventh off James Houser made it 10 - 4 .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- The Milwaukee Brewers are finally starting to find a way to win . Ryan Braun drove in the go-ahead run with a fielder 's choice grounder in the seventh inning , and the Brewers beat the Minnesota Twins 5 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Brewers have won six of their last seven games , including three in a row . Manny Parra ( 2 - 5 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . John Axford gave up a run in the ninth but held on for his sixth save in six chances . Francisco Liriano ( 6 - 5 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Corey Hart doubled to score Rickie Weeks , who had walked . Hart was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . The Twins took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth when Delmon Young hit a two - run single with the bases loaded . The Brewers regained the lead in the fourth . Carlos Gomez singled , Jonathan Lucroy singled and Alcides Escobar singled to load the bases for Weeks , who lined a two - run single to right . The Twins loaded the bases with one out in the sixth , but Zach Braddock struck out pinch-hitter Jim Thome . Minnesota added a run in the eighth off Brian Duensing , who walked Lucroy and gave up a single to Escobar . Weeks scored on a fielder 's choice by Braun to make it 5 - 2 . Weeks added an RBI single in the eighth off Jeff Manship .
DETROIT ( AP ) -- The Detroit Tigers are starting to find a way to win . Brandon Inge tripled home the go-ahead run in the eighth inning and the Tigers rallied for a 7 - 5 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night . The Tigers have won six of their last seven games , including three in a row against the Diamondbacks . Brennan Boesch drew a one - out walk from Chad Qualls ( 1 - 4 ) in the eighth and scored on Inge 's one - out triple . Alex Avila followed with an RBI single to make it 7 - 5 . Jose Valverde pitched a perfect ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . The Tigers have won six of their last seven games . The Diamondbacks tied it at 5 on Stephen Drew 's RBI single off Brad Thomas in the sixth . Ordonez hit a two - run homer in the first off Dontrelle Willis , who gave up five runs and five hits in five - plus innings . The Tigers scored four runs in the second . Brandon Inge led off with a double , moved to third on a wild pitch and scored on Danny Worth 's double . Ryan Raburn followed with a sacrifice fly to make it 4 - 0 . Montero led off the fourth with a homer to right , his fourth of the season . The Diamondbacks tied it in the fifth on Stephen Drew 's RBI single and Young 's two - run single . Willis gave up five runs and five hits in five innings .
MIAMI ( AP ) -- Alexi Ogando 's first major league hit was a big one . Ogando pitched 2 1/3 scoreless innings to earn his first major league victory , and the Texas Rangers beat the Florida Marlins 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Ian Kinsler had three RBIs for the Rangers , including a two - run double in the fifth that gave the Rangers a 4 - 3 lead . Neftali Feliz pitched a perfect ninth for his 18th save in 20 chances . Ricky Nolasco ( 5 - 6 ) gave up four runs , two earned , and seven hits in six innings . The Marlins scored three runs in the second . Ronny Paulino hit a two - run double and scored on a groundout by Chris Coghlan to make it 3 - 0 . Guerrero hit a solo homer in the fourth to cut the deficit to 3 - 1 . The Rangers scored two runs in the fifth to take a 4 - 3 lead . Julio Borbon drew a leadoff walk , took second on a single by Alexi Ogando and scored on Young 's single . Ian Kinsler 's sacrifice fly made it 4 - 3 . The Rangers scored twice in the seventh off Tim Wood . Dan Uggla singled and scored on Ross ' double to make it 6 - 4 . Florida cut the deficit to 6 - 4 in the eighth when Dan Uggla singled off Frank Francisco and scored on Ross ' double . The Marlins scored a run in the eighth on Ross ' RBI double off Frank Francisco .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- The Chicago Cubs are on a roll . Alfonso Soriano hit a two - run double to lead the Chicago Cubs to a 6 - 2 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . The Cubs won for the fifth time in six games and improved to a season-high 10 games over .500 . Derrek Lee and Starlin Castro each drove in two runs for the Cubs , who won for the fourth time in five games . Ryan Dempster ( 5 - 5 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings to win for the first time in five starts . Xavier Nady , Xavier Nady and Alfonso Soriano each drove in a run in the fifth to help the Cubs win for the fourth time in five games . Dempster ( 5 - 5 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Gio Gonzalez ( 6 - 5 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Cubs broke the game open with a four - run fifth , highlighted by Soriano 's two - run double . Cliff Pennington and Conor Jackson singled with one out in the seventh for Oakland 's first hit and advanced to third on a wild pitch before scoring on a groundout by Daric Barton . Sean Marshall came on and got Kurt Suzuki to ground into a double play . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on consecutive singles by Conor Jackson and Daric Barton and a sacrifice fly by Ryan Sweeney . Lee led off the bottom of the second with a homer to left , his fourth of the season and second in two days . Lee and Nady singled and Geovany Soto was intentionally walked to load the bases with one out . Castro 's sacrifice fly made it 3 - 1 .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- The Chicago White Sox are starting to look like a team that has n't had a winning season since 1992 . Alex Rios singled home the go-ahead run in the ninth inning , and the White Sox rallied to beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . The White Sox won for the seventh time in eight games and moved within one game of first-place Detroit in the AL Central . Freddy Garcia ( 7 - 3 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings , walking two and striking out one . Bobby Jenks worked the ninth for his 12th save in 13 opportunities . Brad Lincoln ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs and six hits in six innings , walking three and striking out two . Garrett Jones hit a two - run double in the first to give the Pirates a 2 - 0 lead . The White Sox tied it in the second when Mark Kotsay led off with a walk and scored on Alexei Ramirez 's double . Ramirez scored on Gordon Beckham 's groundout . Ramon Castro drew a leadoff walk in the fourth and scored on Gordon Beckham 's double . Beckham scored on Juan Pierre 's squeeze bunt . The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the fifth when Neil Walker doubled and scored on Andrew McCutchen 's single . McCutchen stole third and scored on Doumit 's single to tie it at 4 . The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the fifth on an RBI single by Andrew McCutchen and a run-scoring single by Ryan Doumit . Alexei Ramirez led off the sixth with a single and scored on Beckham 's single to make it 5 - 4 .
DETROIT ( AP ) -- Ryan Raburn is starting to feel comfortable at the plate . Raburn hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs to lead the Detroit Tigers to a 7 - 4 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . Raburn 's homer came in the fifth inning , when he hit a three - run shot off John Lannan ( 2 - 4 ) for a 7 - 4 lead . It was his fourth homer of the season and second in two games . Raburn is hitting .180 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last seven games . Max Scherzer ( 3 - 6 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- and seven hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked two . Jose Valverde pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 15 chances . John Lannan ( 2 - 4 ) gave up seven runs -- six earned -- and 10 hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out one . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Nyjer Morgan singled , stole second and advanced to third on catcher Gerald Laird 's throwing error . Morgan scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's sacrifice fly . The Tigers tied it in the bottom of the inning on a bases-loaded walk to Ryan Raburn . The Nationals took a 3 - 1 lead in the third on Josh Willingham 's RBI single and Ivan Rodriguez 's RBI single . The Tigers tied it in the bottom of the inning on Magglio Ordonez 's RBI double and Ivan Rodriguez 's RBI single . Detroit tied it in the bottom of the inning when Gerald Laird led off with a single and Danny Worth reached on second baseman Cristian Guzman 's fielding error . Raburn then hit a 1 - 0 pitch from John Lannan ( 2 - 4 ) over the wall in left-center for his fourth homer of the season . Ordonez followed with a double , but Tyler Walker retired Miguel Cabrera and Brennan Boesch on groundouts .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting all season to keep their winning streak alive . Nick Punto hit a two - run single in Minnesota 's five - run fourth inning , and the Twins beat the Colorado Rockies 9 - 3 on Wednesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Twins have won six of their last seven games , including three straight at home for the first time this season . Jason Kubel and Matt Tolbert homered for the Twins , who have won six of their last seven games . Pavano ( 7 - 6 ) gave up three runs and five hits with five strikeouts and one walk in seven innings . Aaron Cook ( 2 - 4 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings for the loss . He walked three and struck out none . The Twins scored five runs in the fourth off Cook ( 2 - 4 ) . Kubel hit a two - run homer off Franklin Morales and Denard Span added an RBI single later in the inning to make it 8 - 2 . Todd Helton led off the Rockies sixth with a home run , his fourth of the season , to make it 8 - 3 . Tolbert led off the bottom of the eighth with a homer off Rafael Betancourt to make it 9 - 3 . Tulowitzki gave the Rockies a 1 - 0 lead in the first when he homered off the facing of the second deck in left field . The Rockies made it 2 - 0 in the third when Barmes drew a one - out walk and scored on Carlos Gonzalez 's triple .
CHICAGO -- Ted Lilly was n't going to let the game get away from him . Lilly allowed one hit in eight shutout innings , and the Chicago Cubs beat the Chicago White Sox 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Lilly ( 2 - 5 ) struck out three and walked one in his longest outing of the season . Carlos Marmol worked out of a bases-loaded jam in the ninth for his 13th save in 17 chances , getting Carlos Quentin to fly out with runners on second and third to end the game . Gavin Floyd ( 2 - 7 ) gave up one run and three hits in eight innings . He struck out nine and walked three . The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . Juan Pierre led off the ninth with a pinch-hit single and Marmol walked Andruw Jones and struck out Alexei Ramirez before intentionally walking Alex Rios to load the bases . Marmol then got Paul Konerko to ground into a force at the plate , then got Carlos Quentin to fly out to right to end the game . The Cubs won for the seventh time in nine games . The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . Cubs manager Ozzie Guillen was ejected in the seventh for arguing a called third strike . Lee walked Derrek Lee with one out in the seventh and Alfonso Soriano followed with a double down the left-field line . Soriano scored on Tracy 's single to left . Soriano doubled and scored on Chad Tracy 's single in the seventh for Chicago .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) -- Aubrey Huff was n't sure if he 'd ever hit two home runs in a game . Huff hit two home runs and drove in four runs to lead the San Francisco Giants to a 6 - 2 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Friday night . Huff hit a two - run shot in the sixth inning and a solo shot in the sixth to help the Giants snap a four - game losing streak . Huff 's second homer of the game , a two - run shot off Craig Breslow in the eighth , gave the Giants a 6 - 2 lead . It was his fourth career multihomer game and first this season . It was Huff 's first multihomer game of the season and the 10th of his career . Cain ( 6 - 4 ) struck out four and walked one in seven innings . Santiago Casilla got the final four outs for his second save . Vin Mazzaro ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out one . Bengie Molina singled home Pat Burrell in the second to give San Francisco a 1 - 0 lead . The A 's tied it in the fourth when Jack Cust singled with one out and scored on Landon Powell 's two - out single . But Pennington was thrown out trying to score on a double by Cliff Pennington to end the inning . Sandoval walked with one out in the sixth and Huff followed with a drive into the left-field bleachers for his first home run of the season . Uribe followed with his second home run of the season . The A 's got an unearned run off Dan Runzler in the eighth . Pinch-hitter Eric Patterson walked with two outs and pinch-hitter Eric Patterson walked before Casilla retired pinch hitter Mark Ellis on a popup to end it .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- Roberto Hernandez did n't have his best stuff . Hernandez pitched a three - hitter , Carlos Santana hit a three - run homer and the Cleveland Indians beat the Washington Nationals 7 - 1 on Wednesday night . Hernandez ( 5 - 5 ) struck out seven and walked none in his second complete game of the season and second shutout . Carlos Santana hit a three - run homer and Russell Branyan had a solo shot off J. D. Martin ( 0 - 2 ) as the Indians took a 5 - 0 lead in the second . J. D. Martin ( 0 - 2 ) gave up seven runs -- six earned -- and nine hits over 7 2/3 innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Indians took a 5 - 0 lead in the first . Shin-Soo Choo was hit by a pitch with one out and Carlos Santana reached on an error by second baseman Adam Kennedy . Branyan scored on a sacrifice fly by Luis Valbuena . Jason Donald singled to put runners on first and third , and Santana 's two - run double made it 5 - 0 . Santana 's homer made it 6 - 0 in the fifth . Ryan Zimmerman hit a leadoff homer in the eighth for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Branyan hit a solo homer in the eighth , his fourth of the season and second in two games . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Shin-Soo Choo was hit by a pitch with one out and Santana reached on an error by second baseman Adam Kennedy . Choo scored on Hafner 's sacrifice fly .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- Brett Cecil did n't have his best stuff . Cecil scattered three hits over 6 2/3 innings and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Tampa Bay Rays 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cecil ( 7 - 2 ) gave up one run and three hits , walking three and striking out two . The left-hander is 5 - 0 in his last seven starts . Kevin Gregg gave up a solo homer to Sean Rodriguez in the ninth before striking out Hank Blalock with the bases loaded for his 15th save in 18 opportunities . The Rays have lost four of five . Wade Davis ( 5 - 6 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Gonzalez gave the Blue Jays a 1 - 0 lead with a two - out homer in the second . Carlos Pena tied it at 1 with a solo homer off Cecil in the second . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on Adam Lind 's two - out RBI single . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a two - out RBI single by Adam Lind . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with one out in the eighth on a single by Aaron Hill , a double by Vernon Wells and an intentional walk to Jose Bautista . Joaquin Benoit replaced Wheeler and gave up a sacrifice fly to Alex Gonzalez that made it 3 - 1 . The Blue Jays threatened in the seventh when John Buck singled with one out , but Edwin Encarnacion popped out and Fred Lewis grounded out .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have n't had a winning record since the All-Star break . Manny Ramirez hit a tiebreaking RBI double in the eighth inning , and the Dodgers beat the St. Louis Cardinals 1 - 0 on Wednesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Dodgers won for the seventh time in eight games and moved within one game of first-place San Francisco in the NL West . Carpenter allowed six hits over seven innings , struck out five and walked one . The right-hander is 5 - 1 with a 2.54 ERA in his last seven starts . Rafael Furcal led off the eighth with a single against Trever Miller ( 0 - 1 ) and moved to second on Andre Ethier 's one - out single . Ramirez then lined a 1 - 0 pitch into the right-field corner for his third hit of the game . Jonathan Broxton pitched the ninth for his 15th save in 18 chances . The Dodgers won for the seventh time in eight games and moved within one game of the first-place Cardinals in the NL West . The Cardinals were shut out for the second time this season and have lost five of their last six games . Blake DeWitt hit a one - out double in the seventh and Russell Martin followed with a single , but pinch-hitter Garret Anderson flied out to end the inning . Carpenter allowed six hits , struck out five and walked one in seven innings of six - hit ball . The Dodgers ' best scoring chance came in the seventh when Blake DeWitt hit a one - out double , but pinch-hitter Garret Anderson flied out to end the inning . Andre Ethier led off the Dodgers ' fourth with a double and advanced to third on Manny Ramirez 's groundout . But Casey Blake flied out to end the threat .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- The New York Mets finally found a way to win . Angel Pagan scored the go-ahead run on Ike Davis ' double-play grounder in the eighth inning , and the Mets rallied for a 7 - 6 victory over the Florida Marlins on Tuesday night . The Mets won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . Jeff Francoeur hit a tying , three - run homer in the seventh inning and David Wright had three hits for the Mets , who have won four of five . Angel Pagan and David Wright had three hits apiece for the Mets , who won for the fourth time in five games . Pedro Feliciano ( 2 - 2 ) struck out Chris Coghlan with runners at the corners to end the eighth . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth for his 12th save in 13 chances . Mets starter Ricky Nolasco gave up three runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Marlins added a run in the seventh when Hanley Ramirez scored on Ronny Paulino 's sacrifice fly off Ryota Igarashi . Francoeur hit a three - run homer off Tim Wood in the seventh to tie it at 6 . Uggla hit his 10th homer leading off the fourth to put the Marlins up 1 - 0 . Uggla led off the fourth with a drive into the second deck in right field for his fourth home run .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- The Milwaukee Brewers had a chance to win the game . Corey Hart hit a go-ahead sacrifice fly in the 10th inning and the Brewers beat the St. Louis Cardinals 4 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Brewers have won three of four and are a season-best seven games above .500 . The Brewers have won four of their last five overall and are 5 - 0 against the Cardinals this season . Fielder walked with one out in the 10th against Jason Motte ( 2 - 2 ) and took second on a single by Ryan Braun . Hart 's fly ball to center easily scored Fielder . John Axford pitched the 10th for his fourth save in four chances . The Cardinals have lost four of five . Pujols ' homer in the sixth was the only damage against Brewers starter Manny Parra , who gave up four hits and four walks in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out 10 and walked four . Ryan Ludwick led off the eighth with a double off Kameron Loe and moved to third on Yadier Molina 's groundout . Ludwick scored on Randy Winn 's sacrifice fly to tie it at 3 . Rickie Weeks Jr. led off the game with a homer for the Brewers , and Carlos Gomez and Ryan Braun had two hits apiece for the Brewers . Rickie Weeks Jr. hit a solo homer in the third for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Rasmus led off the bottom of the third with a homer to cut the deficit to 3 - 1 . He also had a two - run homer in the third off Jaime Garcia , who allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked four .
ARLINGTON , John Jaso is starting to feel comfortable at the plate . Jaso hit a two - run homer and drove in five runs , and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Texas Rangers 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Jaso , who had a career-high five RBIs , had a two - run single and a two - run single . The Rays have won six of their last seven games . Matt Garza ( 6 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Rich Harden ( 3 - 2 ) gave up four runs , three earned , and four hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked three . Matt Treanor homered twice for the Rangers , including a two - run shot in the second that gave Tampa Bay a 1 - 0 lead . It was the second multihomer game of his career and first this season . The Rays went ahead in the third when Upton reached on third baseman Michael Young 's fielding error and scored on David Murphy 's groundout . Ian Kinsler drew a leadoff walk in the fourth and scored on David Murphy 's groundout . Garza walked Matt Treanor to load the bases before Craig Gentry ended the inning with a fly to center . The Rays went ahead 4 - 2 in the fifth when Melvin Upton Jr. led off with a double and scored on Longoria 's single to make it 4 - 2 . Vladimir Guerrero doubled with one out in the sixth and scored on Justin Smoak 's single before Wheeler hit Matt Treanor with a pitch . Josh Hamilton 's RBI single off Randy Choate made it 5 - 4 , but Randy Choate got Julio Borbon to ground out to end the inning . Jaso 's two - run single off Frank Francisco made it 7 - 4 in the eighth , and Ben Zobrist added an RBI single to make it 8 - 4 . Matt Treanor had a solo homer off Joaquin Benoit in the ninth for Texas .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- The Cleveland Indians have been in first place in the AL Central since the All-Star break . Mitch Talbot pitched seven strong innings to win his third straight start and the Indians beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . The Indians won for the seventh time in nine games and moved within one game of first-place Detroit in the AL Central . Talbot ( 7 - 4 ) gave up one run and six hits , struck out five and walked three . Kerry Wood pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save in five chances . Jake Peavy ( 4 - 5 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked one . The White Sox have lost six of their last seven games . Peavy struck out three and walked one in seven innings . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Trevor Crowe led off with a single and scored on Austin Kearns ' single . The White Sox got a run back in the fourth on an RBI single by Ramon Castro . Shin-Soo Choo singled off Matt Thornton with one out in the eighth and stole second and scored on Branyan 's single . The Indians added a run in the eighth against Matt Thornton . Shin-Soo Choo singled with one out , stole second and scored on Branyan 's single . The Indians added a run in the eighth against Matt Thornton . Shin-Soo Choo singled with one out , stole second and scored on Branyan 's single . The Indians added a run in the eighth against Matt Thornton . Shin-Soo Choo singled with one out and stole second and scored on Branyan 's single to left . The Indians added a run in the eighth off Matt Thornton . Shin-Soo Choo singled with one out and Branyan stole second and scored on Branyan 's single to left . The Indians added a run in the eighth off Matt Thornton . Shin-Soo Choo singled with one out and Branyan stole second and scored on Branyan 's single to left . The Indians added a run in the eighth off Matt Thornton . Shin-Soo Choo singled with one out and Branyan stole second and scored on Branyan 's single to left . The Indians added a run in the eighth off Matt Thornton . Shin-Soo Choo singled with one out and Branyan stole second and scored on Branyan 's single to left . The Indians added a run in the eighth off Matt Thornton . Shin-Soo Choo singled with one out and stole second , then scored on Branyan 's single to left . The Indians added a run in the eighth against Matt Thornton . Shin-Soo Choo singled with one out and stole second and scored on Branyan 's single . The Indians added a run in the eighth against Matt Thornton . Shin-Soo Choo singled with one out and Branyan stole second and scored on Branyan 's single . The Indians added a run in the eighth against Matt Thornton . Shin-Soo Choo singled with one out and Branyan stole second and scored on Branyan 's single to left . The Indians added a run in the eighth against Matt Thornton . Shin-Soo Choo singled with one out and stole second before Branyan drove him in with a single to left . Russell Branyan added an RBI single off Matt Thornton in the eighth to make it 3 - 1 .
ARLINGTON , Texas ( AP ) -- The Texas Rangers are starting to look like a team that has the best record in the American League . Josh Hamilton and Justin Smoak homered in a nine - run fourth inning and the Rangers beat the Tampa Bay Rays 9 - 6 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight victory . The AL West-leading Rangers have won five of their last six games , including three in a row for the first time this season . C. J. Wilson ( 4 - 3 ) allowed five runs -- three earned -- and six hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked four . Neftali Feliz worked a perfect ninth for his 15th save in 18 chances . Wade Davis ( 5 - 5 ) gave up eight runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings . The Rays scored four runs in the second on an error by second baseman Ian Kinsler , a run-scoring grounder by Sean Rodriguez and a two - run single by Carl Crawford . Justin Smoak had three hits , including a two - run homer in the second , and Julio Borbon had three hits for the Rangers . Smoak , who had three hits , hit a two - run homer in the second to make it 4 - 2 . Hamilton , who had three hits , led off the fourth with a homer to make it 4 - 3 . The Rays loaded the bases with no outs in the sixth on a single by Ben Zobrist , a walk to Kelly Shoppach and a walk to Carlos Pena before Hank Blalock drove in a run with a fielder 's choice . Darren O'Day then walked Melvin Upton Jr. before striking out pinch hitter Hank Blalock . The Rays loaded the bases with no outs in the sixth on a single by Ben Zobrist , a walk to Kelly Shoppach and a walk to Carlos Pena before Hank Blalock drove in a run with a fielder 's choice . Darren O'Day then walked Melvin Upton Jr. before striking out pinch hitter Hank Blalock .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Adam Wainwright needed a complete game . Wainwright pitched a two - hitter for his second shutout of the season and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Milwaukee Brewers 8 - 0 on Wednesday night . Wainwright ( 8 - 3 ) struck out eight and walked one in his fourth complete game of the season and second complete game of his career . He threw 103 pitches , 73 for strikes . Colby Rasmus hit a two - run homer off Randy Wolf ( 4 - 5 ) in the sixth to give St. Louis a 4 - 0 lead . It was Rasmus ' fourth of the season and second in two games . Colby Rasmus hit a two - run homer and Albert Pujols drove in two runs for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . The Brewers have lost four of five . The Cardinals scored twice in the third against Randy Wolf ( 4 - 5 ) . David Freese led off with a single and scored on Rasmus ' fourth homer of the season , a two - run shot that made it 4 - 0 . The Cardinals added a run in the seventh on Holliday 's two - out double that scored Ryan Ludwick , who drew a one - out walk . The Cardinals added three runs in the eighth on a two - run double by Ryan Ludwick and an RBI single by Albert Pujols . Rickie Weeks led off the first with a double and moved to third on Ryan Braun 's groundout . Wainwright then struck out Prince Fielder and got Casey McGehee to ground out . The Cardinals took a 2 - 0 lead in the third . Colby Rasmus led off with a walk , Brendan Ryan singled and Felipe Lopez hit an RBI grounder . Ryan Ludwick singled and Pujols hit a sacrifice fly .
BOSTON ( AP ) -- The Oakland Athletics are on a roll . Kurt Suzuki hit two home runs , Jack Cust homered twice and the Athletics held on for a 9 - 8 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Wednesday night . The A 's had 14 hits , matching their season high . Vin Mazzaro ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings for the win . Jeremy Hermida , Jeremy Hermida and Marco Scutaro homered for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Tim Wakefield ( 1 - 4 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in six innings . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Adrian Beltre 's RBI single . The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the second when Bill Hall singled , took third on Jeremy Hermida 's double and scored on Marco Scutaro 's groundout . The A 's made it 5 - 2 in the fourth on a two - run double by Mark Ellis . Boston cut it to 5 - 3 in the bottom of the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Marco Scutaro . The Red Sox cut it to 6 - 5 in the sixth on a double by Bill Hall and a two - run homer by Jeremy Hermida . Boston cut it to 7 - 6 in the bottom of the seventh on an RBI groundout by Bill Hall . Cust and Kouzmanoff homered off Manny Delcarmen in the eighth .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Jered Weaver has been one of the best pitchers in the American League . Weaver struck out nine in seven shutout innings , and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Weaver ( 5 - 2 ) gave up four hits , walked one and threw 111 pitches . Torii Hunter hit a two - run homer in the fifth off Zack Greinke ( 1 - 7 ) to give the Angels a 3 - 0 lead . The Angels tacked on a run in the ninth when Torii Hunter doubled off Blake Wood and scored on Mike Napoli 's sacrifice fly . Brian Fuentes gave up a two - run homer to pinch hitter Willie Bloomquist in the ninth but held on for his seventh save in nine opportunities . Greinke ( 1 - 7 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in six - plus innings . He walked three and struck out six . Hunter 's two - run homer in the fifth inning put the Angels up 3 - 0 . The Angels tacked on two more runs in the sixth . Kevin Frandsen singled with one out and Reggie Willits doubled to put runners on second and third with one out . Erick Aybar walked before Howie Kendrick drove in Frandsen with a fielder 's choice grounder . Fernando Rodney replaced Jepsen and got Billy Butler to ground into a double play . The Angels tacked on a run in the ninth when Hunter doubled off Blake Wood and scored on Napoli 's sacrifice fly . The Angels scored their first run in the second when Michael Ryan doubled and scored on Frandsen 's single .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Paul Konerko 's first two at-bats came with the bases loaded and one out . Konerko hit two home runs and drove in four runs to help the Texas Rangers beat the Chicago White Sox 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Konerko 's first multihomer game of the season was his first at U. S. Cellular Field since May 7 , 2007 , when he was with the Chicago White Sox . The Rangers have won three of their last four . Scott Feldman ( 3 - 5 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in eight innings . He struck out three and walked three . Gavin Floyd ( 2 - 6 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 2 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out one . The Rangers jumped on Floyd for three runs in the first . Michael Young hit a one - out double , moved up on a wild pitch and scored on Hamilton 's single to center . David Murphy singled and Justin Smoak walked to load the bases before Treanor 's two - run double made it 3 - 0 . The White Sox cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the bottom of the first on Omar Vizquel 's RBI double and Paul Konerko 's fielder 's choice grounder that scored Omar Vizquel , who had led off with a walk . The Rangers added two runs in the second . Elvis Andrus drew a leadoff walk and scored on Michael Young 's double . Young scored on Hamilton 's single to make it 5 - 2 . Paul Konerko hit a solo homer in the sixth for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Konerko hit a two - run homer in the eighth to make it 9 - 5 .
MIAMI -- Yovani Gallardo 's first home run of the season was a memorable one . Gallardo pitched seven innings , and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the Florida Marlins 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Gallardo ( 6 - 2 ) gave up two runs , one earned , and four hits . He walked four and struck out four . Gallardo 's homer came on a 1 - 0 pitch from Taylor Tankersley in the seventh . It was the first home run of Gallardo 's career . Carlos Gomez drove in the go-ahead run with a single in the eighth , and George Kottaras hit a two - run homer off Jorge Sosa ( 1 - 1 ) to give Milwaukee a 5 - 2 lead . The Marlins scored a run in the eighth on Ronny Paulino 's groundout , but John Axford got the final five outs for his third save in as many chances . The Marlins scored a run in the ninth on Hanley Ramirez 's two - out RBI double . Florida starter Chris Volstad allowed one run and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Chris Coghlan reached on third baseman Casey McGehee 's throwing error , took third on a single by Gaby Sanchez and scored on Jorge Cantu 's sacrifice fly . The Marlins made it 2 - 0 in the third when Gaby Sanchez reached on a fielder 's choice and Hanley Ramirez walked with two outs . Jorge Cantu singled home Sanchez , and Cantu 's sacrifice fly made it 2 - 0 . The Brewers cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the sixth . Casey McGehee singled with two outs , advanced to second on a wild pitch and scored on a single by Carlos Gomez to make it 2 - 1 . Gallardo 's homer off Taylor Tankersley in the seventh made it 2-all .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- Jim Thome is n't sure how to hit the ball out of the park . Thome hit a two - run homer for the Minnesota Twins in a 5 - 3 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Friday night . Casilla 's two - run homer in the fifth inning gave the Twins a 5 - 0 lead . It was his 21st of the season and second in as many games . Thome has been on the disabled list twice this season with a strained left hamstring . Casilla 's two - run homer in the fifth off Doug Fister ( 3 - 7 ) gave the Twins a 5 - 0 lead . Scott Baker ( 9 - 9 ) gave up three runs on seven hits with four walks and two strikeouts in 5 1/3 innings for the win . Matt Capps pitched the ninth for his 27th save in 31 chances . Doug Fister ( 3 - 7 ) gave up five runs -- two earned -- and five hits in five innings for the loss . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . Thome 's two - out , two - run homer in the second inning gave the Twins a 2 - 0 lead . The Twins made it 3 - 0 in the third . J. J. Hardy led off with a single , moved to second on a groundout and advanced to third on a groundout . Franklin Gutierrez 's RBI single made it 5 - 1 , and Michael Saunders walked to load the bases with one out . Jesse Crain entered and struck out Josh Bard before Josh Wilson hit a two - run double .
BOSTON ( AP ) -- David Ortiz and the rest of the Boston Red Sox had a lot to do with it . Ortiz hit a game-winning grand slam in the ninth inning and the Detroit Tigers held on for a 6 - 5 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Friday night . Jon Lester ( 11 - 6 ) gave up four runs and 11 hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Red Sox loaded the bases with one out in the ninth on a walk to Marco Scutaro and a walk to Jed Lowrie and a walk to Kevin Youkilis before Ortiz hit a 1 - 1 pitch into the left-field seats . Robbie Weinhardt ( 1 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Jon Lester ( 11 - 6 ) gave up four runs and 11 hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Austin Jackson led off with a single and scored on Will Rhymes ' double . Peralta led off the second with a drive into the Red Sox bullpen in left field , his 11th of the season . Peralta added a two - run homer in the fifth . Marco Scutaro hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Red Sox , who lost for the fifth time in six games . The Tigers made it 6 - 1 in the eighth when Jeff Frazier walked , took second on Gerald Laird 's single and advanced to third on Danny Worth 's sacrifice bunt . Frazier scored on a wild pitch and Austin Jackson hit an RBI grounder .
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) -- The Florida Marlins are on their longest winning streak of the season . Cody Ross homered and the Marlins beat the San Diego Padres 4 - 2 on Tuesday night to snap a four - game losing streak . The Marlins won for the fifth time in six games . Chris Volstad ( 5 - 8 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in five innings , struck out one and walked three . Juan Carlos Oviedo pitched the ninth for his 25th save in 27 chances . Wade LeBlanc ( 5 - 9 ) allowed four runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings , struck out five and walked two . The Padres have lost four straight and six of seven . The Marlins scored twice in the third on a sacrifice fly by Hanley Ramirez and an RBI single by Logan Morrison . Ross hit a two - out homer in the fourth for a 3 - 1 lead . The Padres got a run back in the sixth when Chris Denorfia led off with a triple and scored on Adrian Gonzalez 's single . Burke Badenhop came on and struck out Miguel Tejada and Yorvit Torrealba to end the inning . Gaby Sanchez hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Marlins , who have won three of four . The Marlins had a chance to score in the seventh when Wes Helms hit a one - out double , but Ernesto Frieri got pinch-hitter Donnie Murphy to ground out .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Alex Gordon has been one of the hottest hitters in the American League . Gordon hit a three - run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Kansas City Royals a 7 - 5 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Friday night . The Orioles scored three runs in the eighth to take a 5 - 4 lead . Nick Markakis led off the inning with a single off Kyle Farnsworth and scored on Ty Wigginton 's double to right . Luke Scott singled to put runners at the corners and Adam Jones hit a grounder to Betemit , who threw wildly to the plate for an error , allowing Ty Wigginton to score the go-ahead run . Gordon connected on a 1 - 0 pitch from Simon ( 2 - 2 ) , driving it into the Royals ' bullpen in left field for his 10th homer . Gordon is hitting .183 with four home runs and 10 RBIs in his past 10 games . Blake Wood ( 1 - 2 ) pitched the ninth for the victory . The Orioles scored two runs in the eighth off Kyle Farnsworth . Rick Ankiel had a run-scoring double and Wilson Betemit had a two - run single for the Orioles , who have won three of four . The Orioles scored a run in the second on Rick Ankiel 's RBI double and Wilson Betemit 's two - run single . The Orioles got a run back in the second when Adam Jones walked , stole second and took third when catcher Matt Wieters ' throw went into center field . Jones scored on Pie 's sacrifice fly . The Orioles got a run back in the third when Nick Markakis singled and scored on Wigginton 's double . The Orioles tied it in the sixth on Luke Scott 's sacrifice fly . Yuniesky Betancourt led off the Royals sixth with a single off Jason Berken and scored on Maier 's double .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants finally found a way to win . Andres Torres hit a game-ending RBI single in the 10th inning and the Giants rallied to beat the Florida Marlins 10 - 9 on Tuesday night . The Giants won for the 10th time in 12 games and moved within one game of first-place Arizona in the NL West . Aaron Rowand and Logan Morrison hit consecutive one - out singles off Brian Wilson in the ninth . Ramirez scored on a groundout by Gaby Sanchez , and Dan Uggla hit an RBI double to make it 9 - 9 . Aaron Rowand and Edgar Renteria singled off Clay Hensley ( 1 - 4 ) with one out in the 10th . Nate Schierholtz singled to load the bases before Torres lined a single to right . Chris Ray ( 4 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 10th for the win . Chris Ray ( 4 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 10th for the win . Brian Wilson gave up a two - run pinch-hit homer to pinch-hitter Donnie Murphy in the ninth , then struck out pinch-hitter Wes Helms with the tying run on second to end the game . Torres had four hits , including a leadoff single in the bottom of the ninth , and drove in three runs . The Giants scored four runs in the first off Alex Sanabia , who was making his second start since coming off the disabled list . Aubrey Huff and Buster Posey hit consecutive singles off Alex Sanabia to start the bottom of the third , and Uribe scored on Sosa 's wild pitch to make it 7 - 1 . Ronny Paulino hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Marlins . The Marlins trailed 9 - 2 before scoring four times in the seventh . Giancarlo Stanton doubled and scored on Murphy 's home run .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Philadelphia Phillies are on a roll . Ryan Howard hit a go-ahead , two - run homer and the Phillies rallied to beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 9 - 5 on Wednesday night . The Phillies won for the fifth time in six games . Cody Ransom hit a two - run homer and Ryan Howard added a two - run shot off Jordan Norberto ( 0 - 1 ) in a five - run sixth that gave the Phillies a 9 - 5 lead . Ransom hit a two - run homer off Chad Qualls in the seventh to make it 9 - 5 . Howard , who entered the game batting just .302 , went 2 - for - 4 with a walk and three RBIs . Cody Ransom hit a two - run homer and Shane Victorino had two hits for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on Ryan Howard 's RBI single and Carlos Ruiz 's bases-loaded walk . Werth hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give Arizona a 4 - 3 lead . Hamels gave up three runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out eight and walked four . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Justin Upton singled and Adam LaRoche was hit by a pitch with two outs . Hamels walked Mark Reynolds to force in a run . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on Howard 's RBI single and Carlos Ruiz 's bases-loaded walk . The Diamondbacks regained the lead in the fifth . Adam LaRoche doubled with one out and Mark Reynolds was intentionally walked before Drew singled to right to put Arizona ahead 3 - 2 .
ARLINGTON , Texas ( AP ) -- Nelson Cruz was n't sure what to expect when he came to the plate . Cruz hit a two - run homer with one out in the 10th inning to lift the Rangers to a 3 - 1 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Wednesday night . The Rangers have won six of their last seven games , including three in a row for the first time this season . Josh Hamilton drew a one - out walk in the 10th against Michael Wuertz ( 2 - 2 ) before Cruz drove a 1 - 1 pitch into the left-field seats for his 17th homer of the season . Cruz is hitting .332 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last six games . Neftali Feliz ( 2 - 2 ) pitched the 10th for the win . Adam Rosales led off the 10th with a single and advanced on Mark Ellis ' sacrifice before Rajai Davis grounded out . Oakland starter Gio Gonzalez struck out six and allowed one run over six innings . A 's starter Gio Gonzalez allowed one run and five hits over six innings . He struck out six and walked three . Vladimir Guerrero had an RBI double in the first for Oakland , which had won four of its previous five games . Coco Crisp had a one - out single in the sixth , stole second and advanced to third on a throwing error by second baseman Ian Kinsler before scoring on Kurt Suzuki 's single . Vladimir Guerrero had an RBI double in the first for Oakland .
ANAHEIM , Calif. ( AP ) -- David Ortiz has been a big part of the power surge . Ortiz hit two home runs , J. D. Drew hit a two - run double in the ninth inning and the Boston Red Sox beat the Los Angeles Angels 6 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . It was Ortiz 's second career two - homer game and his first since Sept. 22 , 2007 , at Texas . The Angels ' Hideki Matsui hit a two - run homer off Scott Atchison in the eighth , but Jonathan Papelbon got the final four outs for his 23rd save in 26 chances . Clay Buchholz ( 11 - 5 ) gave up one run and five hits in seven innings , struck out seven and walked one . Hideki Matsui hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Angels , who have lost five of six . Rich Thompson relieved Michael Kohn with one out in the ninth and got Mike Cameron to fly out to the warning track in center . Drew followed with a two - run double off Rich Thompson , making it 6 - 3 . Jonathan Papelbon got the last four outs for his 23rd save in 27 chances . Dan Haren ( 7 - 9 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings , struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the second time in his last four starts . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Bobby Abreu 's 12th homer , but Los Angeles tied it in the bottom half when Abreu drove a 1 - 1 pitch into the lower seats in the left-field corner . The Red Sox tied it in the second when Adrian Beltre tripled and scored on Martinez 's single . Jed Lowrie followed with a double , but Haren struck out Mike Cameron and got Marco Scutaro to ground into a fielder 's choice . The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on Ortiz 's second homer of the season , a two - out shot to left-center that put Boston ahead 2 - 1 .
ARLINGTON , Angels ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Angels are starting to find a way to win . Alberto Callaspo drove in two runs and Alberto Callaspo drove in two runs , leading the Angels to a 6 - 2 victory over the Texas Rangers on Friday night . The Angels , who had lost five of their previous six games , won for the seventh time in eight games . Ervin Santana ( 9 - 7 ) allowed two runs and five hits in eight innings , striking out eight and walking two . Scott Feldman ( 5 - 9 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . Jeff Mathis and Erick Aybar had consecutive two - out hits in the fifth to put Los Angeles up 2 - 0 . The Angels added a run in the sixth on Alberto Callaspo 's RBI single off Alexi Ogando . Michael Young had a solo homer in the sixth for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Reggie Willits and Erick Aybar led off the seventh with singles before Maicer Izturis hit an RBI single , and Bobby Abreu followed with a run-scoring double . After an intentional walk to Torii Hunter , Alberto Callaspo hit a sacrifice fly to make it 6 - 1 . Nelson Cruz had a solo homer in the seventh for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Reggie Willits and Erick Aybar led off the seventh with singles off Darren Oliver and scored on a single by Maicer Izturis . Bobby Abreu followed with an RBI double and Alberto Callaspo added a sacrifice fly off Darren O'Day . Doug Mathis worked a scoreless ninth for the Rangers .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- The San Francisco Giants finally got to celebrate . Andres Torres hit a go-ahead , two - run double in the ninth inning and the Giants beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 7 - 5 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Giants won for the seventh time in nine games and moved within one game of first-place San Francisco in the NL West . The Dodgers , who have the best record in the majors , lost for the fourth time in five games . Jonathan Broxton ( 3 - 2 ) gave up a leadoff single to Juan Uribe in the ninth and walked Edgar Renteria before George Sherrill intentionally walked pinch hitter Aubrey Huff to load the bases . Santiago Casilla ( 3 - 2 ) pitched two innings of scoreless relief for the win . Jeremy Affeldt pitched the ninth for his third save in four chances . The Giants scored three runs in the sixth to pull to 5 - 4 . Freddy Sanchez and Buster Posey singled with one out , and Pat Burrell 's sacrifice fly made it 5 - 2 before Pablo Sandoval 's two - run double cut it to 5 - 4 . Kershaw gave up four runs -- two earned -- and four hits in six innings , struck out six and walked two . The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on Xavier Paul 's RBI double and Andre Ethier 's two - run homer . The Giants got two runs back in the second on Edgar Renteria 's groundout that scored Pablo Sandoval , who walked and Juan Uribe doubled . The Dodgers extended their lead to 5 - 1 in the third on an RBI single by Blake DeWitt and Casey Blake 's RBI double . The Giants scored three runs in the sixth on Pat Burrell 's sacrifice fly and Pablo Sandoval 's two - run double .
BALTIMORE -- The Tampa Bay Rays are on their longest winning streak since a seven - game run in June 2008 . Jason Bartlett hit a two - run single during Tampa Bay 's eight - run third inning , and the Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 8 - 1 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . The Rays have won four of their last five games . Davis ( 7 - 9 ) gave up one run and seven hits in eight innings , striking out three and walking one . Chris Tillman ( 1 - 4 ) gave up eight runs and seven hits in 2 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out two . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning when John Jaso drew a leadoff walk , took second on a single by Upton and scored on a double by Ben Zobrist . The Rays batted around in a six - run third against Tillman ( 1 - 4 ) , who gave up seven hits and a season-high eight runs in 2 2/3 innings . The right-hander walked four and hit a batter . The Orioles got a run in the fifth when Scott Moore drew a leadoff walk and scored on a single by Cesar Izturis . It was the second straight game in which the Orioles failed to score a run . The Orioles got a run in the fifth when Scott Moore drew a leadoff walk , took third on a single by Craig Tatum and scored on a single by Izturis to make it 8 - 1 . In the bottom half , the Orioles had runners at the corners with two outs , but Miguel Tejada grounded out to end the inning . It was the second straight game in which the Orioles failed to score a run .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- Madison Bumgarner did n't have his best stuff . Bumgarner pitched 5 2/3 innings of two - run ball and the San Francisco Giants beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 5 - 2 on Wednesday night for their fifth straight victory . Bumgarner ( 3 - 2 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and six hits , struck out three and walked two . The left-hander was 0 - 3 with a 10.91 ERA in his previous four starts . Brian Wilson pitched the ninth for his 26th save in 27 chances . James McDonald ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in five innings , struck out five and walked two . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on Buster Posey 's RBI single and Pablo Sandoval 's RBI double . San Francisco extended its lead to 4 - 0 in the fourth on a two - run homer by Nate Schierholtz . The Giants extended their lead to 5 - 2 in the eighth on a bases-loaded sacrifice fly by Freddy Sanchez that scored Travis Ishikawa , who drew a leadoff walk against George Sherrill . The Dodgers loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh on a walk to Garret Anderson , a single by Rafael Furcal and a walk to James Loney before Sergio Romo came in and walked Jamey Carroll to load the bases . Jeremy Affeldt came on and got Andre Ethier to ground out to end the inning . The Giants loaded the bases with one out in the eighth against George Sherrill on a walk to Travis Ishikawa , a single by Edgar Renteria and a walk to Andres Torres . Jeremy Affeldt came on and got Andre Ethier to ground out to end the threat .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Brian McCann had a big night at the plate . McCann hit his first career grand slam and drove in five runs to lead the Atlanta Braves to an 11 - 6 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Friday night . McCann 's third career grand slam gave Atlanta a 7 - 1 lead in the third inning . He also drove in five runs , including a grand slam in the ninth inning of a 6 - 5 win over the New York Mets on July 26 . McCann is hitting .272 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last 10 games . Derek Lowe ( 10 - 8 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . Manny Parra ( 3 - 7 ) gave up 10 runs and 10 hits in 5 1/3 innings . McCann 's grand slam in the third gave the Braves a 7 - 1 lead . Diaz added a fifth-inning homer off Parra . The Braves added three runs in the sixth off Mike Dunn . Lorenzo Cain led off with a double and scored on Corey Hart 's sacrifice fly to make it 11 - 5 . Ryan Braun greeted Billy Wagner with a run-scoring double to make it 11 - 6 . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Rickie Weeks led off with a homer to right . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the second . Glaus led off with a single and scored on Diaz 's double . Diaz scored on Melky Cabrera 's groundout .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Nick Swisher was n't sure what to expect . Swisher hit a game-ending RBI single in the bottom of the ninth inning , and the New York Yankees rallied to beat the Tampa Bay Rays 5 - 4 on Wednesday night . Robinson Cano and Jorge Posada homered for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Curtis Granderson led off the bottom of the ninth with a single against Randy Choate ( 2 - 3 ) and moved to second on a sacrifice bunt by pinch-hitter Ramiro Pena . Mariano Rivera ( 3 - 1 ) pitched the ninth for the win . Robinson Cano and Jorge Posada hit consecutive homers off Rays starter James Shields in the sixth to tie it at 3 . The Yankees tied it in the bottom of the eighth on Nick Swisher 's tying homer off Joaquin Benoit . Robinson Cano and Jorge Posada hit consecutive homers off James Shields in the sixth to tie it at 3 . Sabathia gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked four . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Willy Aybar . Jason Bartlett singled and scored on Longoria 's double in the third to make it 2 - 0 . The Rays loaded the bases with no outs in the fifth on a single by Jason Bartlett and a walk to Upton . Bartlett scored when Evan Longoria grounded into a double play .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- The Oakland Athletics are on their longest winning streak of the season . Joakim Soria pitched a scoreless ninth inning for Oakland , and the A 's beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . The A 's won their fourth straight , matching their longest winning streak of the season . Gio Gonzalez ( 8 - 6 ) gave up one run and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked one . Zack Greinke ( 5 - 9 ) gave up five runs , two earned , on four hits and four walks in six - plus innings . The Royals have lost five of their last six games . Cliff Pennington drew a leadoff walk in the third , advanced to second on Greinke 's errant pickoff throw and scored on Kouzmanoff 's two - run single . Mark Ellis added an RBI single later in the inning . Jack Cust 's sacrifice fly in the first inning scored Coco Crisp , who led off the game with a double , for the A 's . The A 's made it 5 - 1 in the bottom of the second when Kevin Kouzmanoff led off with a double and scored on Mark Ellis ' single . The A 's loaded the bases with one out in the third on a walk to Cliff Pennington , a walk to Jose Guillen and a single by Alberto Callaspo . Jack Cust fouled out to second baseman Ellis before Kouzmanoff lined a two - run single to center . The Royals loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth , but Gonzalez escaped by striking out Willie Bloomquist and getting Yuniesky Betancourt to ground out . The Royals loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on a single by Billy Butler , a walk to Jose Guillen and a single by Alberto Callaspo . But Gonzalez escaped by striking out Willie Bloomquist and getting Yuniesky Betancourt to ground out .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- The Chicago White Sox have been waiting all season to keep their winning streak intact . A. J. Pierzynski and Omar Vizquel each had an RBI double in the fifth inning , and the White Sox beat the Minnesota Twins 8 - 7 on Wednesday night for their fifth straight victory . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games , including three of their last four series . John Danks ( 9 - 7 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in six innings for the win . Joe Mauer had three hits and three RBIs for the Twins , who scored six runs in the second inning to take a 6 - 4 lead . Alex Burnett ( 1 - 2 ) gave up three runs in the fifth . Joe Mauer had three hits and three RBIs for the Twins , including a two - run double in the ninth that tied the game at 8 . The Twins have lost five of their last six games . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Alex Rios and a sacrifice fly by Alex Rios . Alexei Ramirez led off the second with a single and scored on a sacrifice fly by Alex Rios . The Twins scored six runs in the second . J. J. Hardy and Nick Punto had RBI singles , and Mauer 's three - run double made it 6 - 4 . Alexei Ramirez led off the fourth with a double and scored on Gordon Beckham 's single to make it 6 - 5 .
ANAHEIM , Calif. ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Angels are finally starting to find a way to win . Erick Aybar had three hits and three RBIs , and the Angels beat the Seattle Mariners 8 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Angels have won six of their last seven games , including three of their last four . Joel Pineiro ( 10 - 6 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings , struck out four and walked one . The right-hander was staked to a 4 - 0 lead after Ichiro Suzuki 's three - run double cut the Angels ' lead to 4 - 3 in the fifth . Pineiro has allowed three runs or fewer in 10 of his last 12 starts , and has won his last four decisions . Doug Fister ( 3 - 5 ) gave up six runs and 12 hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out two and walked one . The right-hander is 0 - 4 with a 7.38 ERA in his last five starts . The Mariners got a run back in the fifth on a single by Michael Saunders , a single by Rob Johnson and a single by Jack Wilson . Erick Aybar , who had three hits , drove in the go-ahead run with a two - out single , and Abreu followed with a two - run single off Brian Sweeney . Jeff Mathis had three hits , including an RBI single in the seventh off Brian Sweeney , and Jeff Mathis had three hits and drove in a run for the Angels , who have won three of four . The Angels grabbed a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Erick Aybar led off with a single and scored on Bobby Abreu 's double . The Angels increased their margin to 4 - 0 in the second after McAnulty singled and Kevin Frandsen singled with one out . Jeff Mathis singled to load the bases , and Aybar lined a two - run single through the left side of the infield for a 3 - 0 lead . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Abreu 's RBI double .
BOSTON -- Tommy Hunter was n't going to let a six - run lead slip away . The right-hander pitched 6 2/3 solid innings and the Texas Rangers beat the Boston Red Sox 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hunter ( 6 - 0 ) allowed two runs and five hits , walking two and striking out one . Bengie Molina hit a two - run homer in Texas ' six - run first inning , and Nelson Cruz had three hits and three RBIs . Tim Wakefield ( 3 - 8 ) gave up seven runs -- six earned -- and eight hits in two - plus innings . Bengie Molina hit a two - run homer in Texas ' six - run first , and Nelson Cruz had three hits and three RBIs for the Rangers , who took two of three from the AL East-leading Red Sox . Wakefield ( 3 - 8 ) gave up seven runs -- six earned -- and eight hits in two - plus innings . He walked none and struck out two . The Rangers made it 7 - 0 in the fourth on a solo homer by J. D. Drew and a run-scoring double by Nelson Cruz . J. D. Drew and J. D. Drew homered for the Red Sox in the fourth . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Darren Oliver struck out Eric Patterson to end the inning . Hall 's homer made it 7 - 2 in the seventh . The Red Sox threatened in the ninth , but Alexi Ogando struck out Ryan Shealy and Marco Scutaro .
PHOENIX ( AP ) -- The Arizona Diamondbacks have been in first place in the NL West . Pinch-hitter Ronny Paulino drove in two runs with a pinch-hit single in the ninth inning , Giancarlo Stanton also homered and the Diamondbacks beat the Florida Marlins 5 - 4 on Wednesday night . The Diamondbacks won for the seventh time in nine games and moved a half-game ahead of San Francisco in the NL West . Ian Kennedy ( 4 - 7 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings to get the win . Juan Gutierrez pitched the ninth for his second save in three tries . Gutierrez got the final three outs for his second save . Nate Robertson ( 6 - 7 ) gave up five runs and six hits in six innings . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Drew walked , took second on Tony Abreu 's single and scored on Chris Young 's sacrifice fly . The Diamondbacks made it 2 - 0 in the third . Stephen Drew walked , stole second and scored on Justin Upton 's two - out single . Reynolds led off the fourth with his 18th home run to make it 3 - 0 . The Marlins cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the sixth . Gaby Sanchez led off with a double , then moved to third on Hanley Ramirez 's fly ball to deep center . Jorge Cantu singled to drive in Gaby Sanchez , who had doubled . Esmerling Vasquez relieved Robertson and got Dan Uggla to line out , but Snyder hit a two - run homer to left to put Arizona up 5 - 2 . Snyder hit a two - run homer in the sixth to put Arizona up 5 - 2 .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- The Milwaukee Brewers had a chance to win the game . Ryan Braun singled home the winning run in the 10th inning to lift the Brewers to a 5 - 4 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Wednesday night . The Brewers won for the 10th time in 12 games and improved to 5 - 1 on their nine - game road trip . Carlos Gomez singled with one out in the ninth off Evan Meek ( 4 - 3 ) , stole second and went to third on catcher Ryan Doumit 's throwing error . George Kottaras followed with a triple into the right-field corner to tie it at 4 . Meek ( 4 - 3 ) intentionally walked Prince Fielder to load the bases before Braun lined a single to left . John Axford ( 4 - 1 ) pitched the 10th for the win . Prince Fielder hit a solo homer in the eighth for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Octavio Dotel gave up a one - out single to Carlos Gomez in the ninth and then threw a wild pitch that allowed Gomez to steal second . George Kottaras followed with a triple into the right-field corner to tie it at 4 . The Brewers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Rickie Weeks Jr. drew a leadoff walk and scored on Hart 's fourth homer of the season . The Pirates got a run back in the third when Ronny Cedeno led off with a double , stole third and scored on Andrew McCutchen 's single . Milledge 's homer in the fourth was the Pirates ' first hit off Davis , who allowed two runs and three hits in seven innings . The Pirates regained the lead in the fifth when McCutchen led off with a homer and Pedro Alvarez doubled home Jose Tabata .
PHOENIX ( AP ) -- Aramis Ramirez has been on a roll . Ramirez homered twice and drove in four runs to lead the Chicago Cubs to a 6 - 4 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday night . Ramirez hit a two - run homer off Barry Enright ( 1 - 1 ) in the sixth inning to give the Cubs a 3 - 1 lead . It was his third multihomer game of the season and the sixth of his career . It was Ramirez 's second multihomer game of the season and the third of his career . Ramirez , who had a two - run homer in the sixth , hit a two - run shot off Enright ( 1 - 1 ) in the sixth to give the Cubs a 3 - 1 lead . Carlos Silva ( 9 - 2 ) gave up two runs and four hits in six innings , striking out three and walking one . Kelly Johnson hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . The Diamondbacks cut it to 6 - 4 in the eighth on Kelly Johnson 's RBI single and Justin Upton 's run-scoring single off Sean Marshall . Carlos Marmol got the last five outs for his 16th save in 18 chances . Barry Enright ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Mark Reynolds walked , took third on Adam LaRoche 's double and scored on Stephen Drew 's sacrifice fly . The Diamondbacks loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth , but Silva struck out Mark Reynolds and got Adam LaRoche to ground into a double play .
DETROIT -- The Detroit Tigers had a chance to win the game . Johnny Damon hit a two - run homer in the 11th inning to lift the Tigers to a 7 - 5 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . Miguel Cabrera hit a two - run homer for the Tigers , and Johnny Damon added a two - run shot in the 11th to help Detroit win for the fifth time in six games . Ryan Perry ( 2 - 4 ) pitched the 11th for the win . The Orioles took a 5 - 3 lead in the top of the ninth on Julio Lugo 's RBI single off Daniel Schlereth . Miguel Tejada led off the Detroit eighth with a single against Jason Berken and scored on Brennan Boesch 's single . After Carlos Guillen struck out , Brandon Inge hit an RBI triple to make it 4 - 3 , but Simon struck out Alex Avila and walked Ramon Santiago before getting Austin Jackson to ground out . Detroit took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Alex Avila 's RBI single . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh on Markakis ' two - run homer and Felix Pie 's RBI single off Enrique Gonzalez . Lugo led off the eighth with a single off Enrique Gonzalez and scored on Markakis ' single off Daniel Schlereth .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Johan Santana 's first home run of the season was a big one . Santana pitched a three - hitter for his first career complete game , and the New York Mets beat the Cincinnati Reds 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Santana ( 6 - 5 ) struck out five and walked three in his third career complete game and second this season . He threw a season-high 113 pitches , 78 for strikes . Santana also hit a solo homer in the ninth for the Mets , who have won four of five . Jose Reyes singled to start the sixth against Matt Maloney ( 0 - 1 ) and advanced to second on a groundout by Angel Pagan . David Wright was intentionally walked and Ike Davis grounded out before Bay lined a two - run single up the middle . Matt Maloney ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . Santana hit a solo homer in the third off Maloney to give New York a 1 - 0 lead , and Jose Reyes followed with a single . Santana hit a two - out homer in the third to give New York a 1 - 0 lead , and Jose Reyes followed with a single . Jose Reyes led off the sixth with a single and moved to second on Angel Pagan 's groundout . David Wright was intentionally walked and Ike Davis grounded out before Bay lined a two - run single up the middle . The Reds loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth , but Scott Rolen lined out to third baseman Scott Rolen to end the inning . Santana walked Miguel Cairo with one out in the eighth , then retired Brandon Phillips on a fly ball to the warning track in left field . Santana retired the first two batters in the ninth before Scott Rolen singled . Jay Bruce followed with a grounder to the right side , but Bay 's throw to the plate was too late to get Votto at first . Drew Stubbs then grounded out to end the inning .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Ricky Nolasco has been one of the best pitchers in the majors . The right-hander struck out a career-high 11 in seven strong innings and the Florida Marlins beat the Atlanta Braves 3 - 2 on Wednesday night . Nolasco ( 8 - 6 ) gave up six hits and two runs in seven innings . Dan Uggla hit a two - run single in the first off Hudson ( 8 - 4 ) , who gave up six hits and three runs in eight innings . Hudson ( 8 - 4 ) gave up six hits and three runs in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Uggla 's two - out , two - run single in the first inning gave Florida a 2 - 0 lead . The Braves loaded the bases with no outs in the first on singles by Martin Prado and Gregor Blanco and a walk to Brooks Conrad . Nolasco struck out Brian McCann , but Eric Hinske drove in Prado with a sacrifice fly . Uggla 's homer made it 3 - 1 in the fourth . The Braves cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the sixth on a solo homer by Brian McCann . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the eighth on Brett Hayes ' single and pinch hitter Donnie Murphy 's sacrifice bunt . Clay Hensley intentionally walked Chipper Jones before Tim Wood got Melky Cabrera to ground out to end the threat . Tim Wood got Melky Cabrera to ground out to end the eighth .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- The Oakland Athletics are on a roll . Gio Gonzalez pitched five - hit ball into the sixth inning , Jayson Nix and Jayson Nix each had two hits and the A 's beat the Cleveland Indians 3 - 0 on Wednesday night . The A 's won for the fourth time in five games and moved two games over .500 for the first time this season . Gonzalez ( 7 - 5 ) gave up five hits in 6 2/3 innings , striking out five and walking four . Andrew Bailey worked the ninth for his 16th save in 18 chances . Mitch Talbot ( 8 - 7 ) gave up three runs , two earned , in 5 1/3 innings . The A 's loaded the bases with one out in the sixth on a one - out single by Kurt Suzuki , a single by Ryan Sweeney and a walk to Jack Cust . Ellis followed with a two - run double off Tony Sipp to make it 3 - 0 . Coco Crisp reached on shortstop Jason Donald 's throwing error in the first and scored on Jack Cust 's bases-loaded walk to make it 1 - 0 . The Indians , who have lost six of seven , fell to 1 - 5 on their 10-game trip . Coco Crisp reached on shortstop Jason Donald 's throwing error to start the game and moved to second on Daric Barton 's single . After Kevin Kouzmanoff struck out , Talbot walked Ryan Sweeney and Jack Cust to force in a run . The A 's made it 3 - 0 in the sixth . Kurt Suzuki hit a one - out single and took second on Ryan Sweeney 's single . Jack Cust walked to load the bases , and Ellis doubled down the right-field line to make it 3 - 0 . The Indians loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth , but Gonzalez got Mike Redmond to fly out to end the inning .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants finally found a way to win . Buster Posey hit a go-ahead , two - run double in the eighth inning and the Giants beat the Colorado Rockies 5 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Giants won for the seventh time in eight games and moved within a half-game of first-place Arizona in the NL West . Jeremy Affeldt ( 4 - 3 ) got the win despite giving up a tying homer to Melvin Mora in the top of the eighth . Matt Belisle ( 6 - 5 ) gave up a leadoff homer to Andres Torres in the eighth and was replaced by Franklin Morales . Brian Wilson pitched a perfect ninth for his 37th save in 42 chances . Jeremy Affeldt ( 4 - 3 ) got the win despite giving up a tying homer to Melvin Mora in the top of the eighth . Giants starter Madison Bumgarner allowed one run and five hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Giants took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth when Juan Uribe singled with two outs and scored on Bumgarner 's two - out double . The Rockies tied it in the second on Clint Barmes ' sacrifice fly . Freddy Sanchez doubled with one out in the first and scored on Clint Barmes ' sacrifice fly . The Rockies tied it in the second on Clint Barmes ' sacrifice fly .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- Wilson Betemit has been a big reason why . Betemit hit a game-ending home run in the 10th inning to lift the Cleveland Indians to a 4 - 3 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Friday night . The Indians , who have won four of five , have won four in a row for the first time this season . Cabrera led off the bottom of the 10th with a homer off Jesse Chavez ( 5 - 4 ) . Chris Perez ( 2 - 2 ) pitched the 10th for the win . Wilson Betemit hit a two - run homer in the sixth for Kansas City , which has lost four of five . The Royals tied it in the eighth when Jason Kendall drew a leadoff walk against Joe Smith and took second on a wild pitch . Wilson Betemit tied it with an RBI double to right . Perez struck out Alex Gordon , but Willie Bloomquist singled to put runners on the corners . Greinke struck out Travis Hafner to end the inning . Wilson Betemit hit a two - run homer in the sixth for Kansas City , which has lost four of five . Gomez allowed two runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Cleveland starter Jeanmar Gomez gave up two runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- Victor Martinez was n't sure what to expect . The Tampa Bay catcher hit a game-ending homer in the 10th inning to lift the Tampa Bay Rays to a 3 - 2 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night . Martinez had four hits , including a solo homer off Scott Atchison ( 2 - 2 ) , and David Ortiz had three hits for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Martinez had four hits and scored twice . Randy Choate ( 4 - 3 ) recorded the final out of the 10th for the win . Chad Qualls got the final two outs of the 10th . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with two outs in the eighth when Red Sox manager Terry Francona brought in Doubront to face pinch hitter Kelly Shoppach , who hit a foul pop to the mound that was caught by left fielder Carl Crawford . Martinez hit a solo homer off Joaquin Benoit in the eighth to give Boston a 2 - 1 lead . Buchholz allowed two runs , one earned , and four hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Adrian Beltre put the Red Sox up 1 - 0 on a sacrifice fly in the fourth . Buchholz allowed two runs , one earned , and four hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Rays tied it at 1 in the seventh on Matt Joyce 's sacrifice fly that scored Carlos Pena , who had reached on a fielder 's choice . Upton tied it at 2 with a leadoff homer in the eighth off Buchholz .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Martin Prado had a big night at the plate . Prado hit a three - run homer and drove in five runs to lead the Atlanta Braves to a 12 - 3 victory over the Florida Marlins on Friday night . Prado , who leads the major leagues with a .319 batting average , is hitting .319 with four homers and 11 RBIs in his last 10 games . The Braves scored six runs in the second inning off Ricky Nolasco ( 14 - 9 ) . Tim Hudson ( 15 - 5 ) gave up six hits and one run in seven innings . Ricky Nolasco ( 14 - 9 ) gave up six runs on seven hits and three walks in two - plus innings . The Braves scored six runs in the second . Diaz led off the inning with a homer to left , and Alex Gonzalez and Melky Cabrera singled before Omar Infante and Martin Prado each drove in a run with a bases-loaded walk to Martin Prado . Brian McCann singled to center , but McCann was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . The Marlins scored in the fourth on Dan Uggla 's single and a double by Gaby Sanchez . Sanchez scored on Emilio Bonifacio 's sacrifice fly . The Braves added three runs in the fourth off Andrew Miller . Hinske led off the inning with a homer to left . Donnie Murphy added an RBI double off Eric O'Flaherty in the eighth . The Marlins scored a run off Kyle Farnsworth in the ninth . Brett Hayes tripled with one out and scored on Davis ' single .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Edwin Jackson did n't have his best stuff . Jackson struck out 10 in eight shutout innings , and the Chicago White Sox beat the Baltimore Orioles 8 - 0 on Wednesday night . Jackson ( 8 - 10 ) allowed three hits and walked two . Tony Pena pitched a scoreless ninth for the White Sox . Jake Arrieta ( 4 - 6 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in four innings . He walked three and struck out two . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Omar Vizquel drew a one - out walk and Alex Rios walked before Carlos Quentin drove in Vizquel with a two - out single . The White Sox added three runs in the third on RBI singles by Paul Konerko and Alexei Ramirez . Juan Pierre singled with one out in the fourth , stole third and scored on Alex Rios ' single to make it 4 - 0 . The White Sox added two runs in the fifth . Carlos Quentin led off with a single and took third on a double by A. J. Pierzynski . Alexei Ramirez then hit a grounder to shortstop Cesar Izturis , who threw to second for an error . Mark Teahen followed with an RBI single to make it 5 - 0 , and Gordon Beckham hit into a double play to make it 6 - 0 . Rios hit a two - run homer off Armando Gabino in the eighth . Rios hit a two - run homer in the eighth off Armando Gabino , who was making his major league debut . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Quentin 's RBI single .
DENVER ( AP ) -- The Colorado Rockies had a lot to do with it . Carlos Gonzalez hit a two - run single in a four - run eighth inning , and the Rockies rallied to beat the Atlanta Braves 12 - 10 on Wednesday night . The Rockies , who had lost four of their previous five games , moved a half-game ahead of St. Louis in the NL wild-card race . Carlos Gonzalez had two hits and drove in two runs , and Todd Helton and Todd Helton each had two hits and an RBI for the Rockies , who have won six of their last seven games . Matt Belisle ( 6 - 4 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Jonny Venters ( 4 - 2 ) walked Chris Iannetta with one out in the eighth and gave up a single to Melvin Mora . Matt Belisle ( 6 - 4 ) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief . Colorado 's Esmil Rogers gave up seven runs and eight hits in 1 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . Colorado 's Esmil Rogers gave up seven runs and eight hits in 1 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He struck out three and walked one . The Braves scored four runs in the second off Esmil Rogers , who gave up seven runs and nine hits in 1 1/3 innings . The Braves scored three runs in the third on Jurrjens ' RBI double and Omar Infante 's two - run homer . The Rockies made it 10 - 5 in the fifth when Dexter Fowler hit a two - run triple and scored on Troy Tulowitzki 's two - out single . The Rockies rallied in the sixth . Todd Helton led off with a triple and scored on Seth Smith 's one - out double . Eric O'Flaherty replaced Moylan and gave up a two - run double to pinch-hitter Ryan Spilborghs .
DENVER ( AP ) -- The Colorado Rockies have been waiting all season long enough to keep their playoff hopes alive . Alex Gonzalez hit a two - run homer and Jorge De La Rosa pitched seven strong innings to lead the Rockies to a 5 - 2 win over the Atlanta Braves on Wednesday night . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . De La Rosa ( 5 - 4 ) gave up two runs and six hits , struck out seven and walked one to win for the first time in five starts . De La Rosa was cruising along until the seventh , when he gave up a two - out single to Matt Diaz and a two - run single to Alex Gonzalez . Dexter Fowler added a two - run single in the eighth off Takashi Saito to make it 5 - 2 . Huston Street pitched a perfect ninth for his 12th save in 15 chances . Derek Lowe ( 11 - 12 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Eric Young Jr. led off with a double , moved to third on Dexter Fowler 's groundout and scored when Gonzalez lined a 1 - 2 offering into the left-field bleachers . The Braves got a run back in the second when Derrek Lee led off with a single and scored on Gonzalez 's homer . The Rockies loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth , but De La Rosa got Todd Helton to line out to first to end the threat . Smith led off the sixth with a homer to left to make it 3 - 1 .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- The Atlanta Braves have n't had much to celebrate . Rick Ankiel hit a go-ahead , three - run triple off Carlos Marmol in the ninth inning , and the Braves beat the Chicago Cubs 5 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Braves won for the fifth time in six games and remained two games ahead of second-place Philadelphia in the NL East . The Cubs lost their fourth straight , matching their longest skid of the season . Darwin Barney led off the ninth with a single off Marmol ( 2 - 3 ) , who struck out Xavier Nady before walking Brian McCann and Alex Gonzalez to load the bases . Marmol struck out pinch-hitter Eric Hinske to end the inning . Marmol ( 2 - 3 ) gave up three runs and one hit in one inning for the loss . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the ninth off Cubs closer Carlos Marmol ( 2 - 3 ) on Martin Prado 's leadoff walk and Derrek Lee 's strikeout . Marmol then walked Brian McCann and Alex Gonzalez to load the bases before striking out pinch-hitter Eric Hinske . Aramis Ramirez added an RBI double in the sixth for the Cubs , who have won four of five . Omar Infante hit a solo homer in the third for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Omar Infante hit a solo homer in the third for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Aramis Ramirez hit a tying homer in the fourth for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . The Cubs took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth when Marlon Byrd tripled and scored on Aramis Ramirez 's double .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- Brandon Phillips had a big night at the plate . Phillips had three hits and drove in three runs to lead the Cincinnati Reds to a 3 - 1 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Friday night . Phillips had three hits and drove in three runs , raising his average to .285 . The Reds have won six of their last seven games , including three straight at Chavez Ravine . Bailey ( 3 - 2 ) gave up one run and four hits in seven innings , struck out six and walked two . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth for his 33rd save in 38 chances . Carlos Monasterios ( 3 - 4 ) gave up three runs -- one earned -- and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Dodgers have lost five of their last six games . The Reds took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on a two - out , two - run single by Brandon Phillips . The Dodgers tied it in the third on Ryan Theriot 's two - out RBI single after Jamey Carroll drew a leadoff walk and moved to second on Brad Ausmus ' single . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Brandon Phillips ' two - out single that scored Jamey Carroll , who led off with a single . The Dodgers tied it in the third on Ryan Theriot 's two - out RBI single .
PHOENIX ( AP ) -- The Cincinnati Reds have been in first place in the NL Central since the All-Star break . Scott Rolen had three hits and drove in three runs , Paul Janish hit a tiebreaking home run in the seventh inning and the Reds beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Reds won for just the second time in their last 10 road games . Arroyo ( 13 - 7 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Francisco Cordero pitched a perfect ninth to complete the six - hitter . Daniel Hudson ( 4 - 2 ) struck out 10 in seven innings , allowing three runs and nine hits . He did n't walk a batter for the fourth time in his last four starts . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . Kelly Johnson hit a two - run homer in the first for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Laynce Nix led off the sixth with a single and Joey Votto followed with a single to right . Scott Rolen followed with an RBI single , and Votto scored when Jay Bruce grounded into a double play to tie it at 2 . Janish 's homer in the seventh was the only hit allowed by Hudson , who struck out 10 and did n't walk a batter in seven innings . Janish , the Reds ' No . 2 hitter , had two hits , including a solo homer in the seventh . The Reds loaded the bases with no outs in the ninth against Blaine Boyer on a single by Paul Janish , a walk to pinch-hitter Jonny Gomes and a single by Jonny Gomes . Janish scored on a wild pitch and Scott Rolen hit a two - run single off D. J. Carrasco .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Kyle Kendrick was n't going to let the game get away . Kendrick pitched 6 2/3 solid innings and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the New York Mets 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Kendrick ( 8 - 5 ) gave up one run and six hits , striking out four and walking one . Brad Lidge pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 18 chances . Mike Pelfrey ( 11 - 7 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . The Mets have lost four straight and six of seven . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Jimmy Rollins singled with two outs and stole second , then stole third and scored on Shane Victorino 's double to left . Jose Reyes led off the bottom half with a tying homer off the facing of the second deck in right field , and Angel Pagan was hit by a pitch with two outs in the bottom of the inning . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth . Shane Victorino singled with two outs , stole second and scored on Polanco 's two - out single . The Phillies made it 3 - 1 in the sixth . Jayson Werth led off with a triple and scored on Carlos Ruiz 's single . The Mets threatened in the seventh when Luis Castillo walked with two outs , but Ryan Madson struck out pinch-hitter Jeff Francoeur to end the inning . Wright walked with two outs in the eighth against Ryan Madson before Beltran struck out .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- Kelly Shoppach had a big night at the plate . Shoppach homered twice and drove in a career-high five runs to help the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 7 - 3 on Wednesday night . Shoppach hit a two - run homer off Brian Matusz ( 4 - 12 ) during a five - run fourth inning that put the Rays up 5 - 3 . He also hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning of Tampa Bay 's 6 - 5 win over the Orioles on Friday night . It was the second career multihomer game for Shoppach , who entered the game with a .209 batting average . Evan Longoria and Willy Aybar each had two hits for the Rays , who have won four of their last five games . Willy Aybar had three hits , including an RBI double , and Evan Longoria and Willy Aybar had two hits apiece for the Rays . Andy Sonnanstine ( 3 - 1 ) allowed three runs and three hits in five innings for the win . Brian Matusz ( 4 - 12 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in four - plus innings . Jones hit a three - run homer in the third for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . The Rays loaded the bases with one out in the third , but failed to score when Carl Crawford grounded out to end the inning . The Rays loaded the bases with one out in the third , but failed to score when Carl Crawford grounded out . The Rays added a run in the fifth when Evan Longoria doubled and scored on Aybar 's single off Matt Albers .
PHILADELPHIA -- Matt Kemp was n't going to let the game get away . Kemp hit a game-ending , two - run double in the ninth inning and the Philadelphia Phillies rallied to beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 10 - 9 on Wednesday night . The NL East-leading Phillies won for the 10th time in 12 games and improved the best record in the majors to 51 - 33 . They have won six of their last seven games . Kemp 's two - run double in the ninth off Jonathan Broxton ( 4 - 4 ) gave the Phillies a 9 - 6 lead . Danys Baez ( 3 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . The Phillies have won four of their last five . Kemp hit a two - run shot off Chad Durbin in the seventh to give the Dodgers a 6 - 2 lead . Dodgers reliever Ronald Belisario gave up four runs in the eighth . Kershaw allowed two runs and six hits , striking out four in 6 2/3 innings . Los Angeles starter Clayton Kershaw gave up two runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on RBI singles by Ronnie Belliard and Matt Kemp and an RBI single by Jamey Carroll . The Phillies got a run back in the bottom of the inning on a groundout by Blanton . The Phillies cut it to 3 - 2 in the fourth on Ruiz 's RBI single .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres have n't had a winning record since the All-Star break . The Padres won for the seventh time in eight games , beating the Pittsburgh Pirates 8 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Padres , who have the worst record in the majors , won for the fourth time in five games . Kevin Correia ( 9 - 7 ) allowed four runs and four hits in 6 1/3 innings , struck out seven and walked one . Heath Bell pitched the ninth for his 33rd save in 35 chances . James McDonald ( 1 - 2 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings , struck out six and walked one . The Padres scored their first run in the fourth when Adrian Gonzalez led off with a single , advanced on Chase Headley 's groundout and scored on McDonald 's wild pitch . San Diego added three runs in the fifth . Chris Denorfia led off with a single and scored on Adrian Gonzalez 's single to right . Sean Gallagher came on and gave up an RBI double to Ryan Ludwick and walked Chase Headley before Sean Gallagher came on and walked Yorvit Torrealba to force in Gonzalez . The Padres added three runs in the sixth . Chris Denorfia led off with a double and scored on Jerry Hairston Jr. 's two - run homer off Chan Ho Park . Adrian Gonzalez added an RBI double off Ernesto Frieri . The Pirates scored three runs in the seventh off Padres reliever Ernesto Frieri . Jose Tabata hit a one - out single and scored on Neil Walker 's single off Ernesto Frieri . The Pirates added an unearned run off Evan Meek in the eighth . Tejada led off with a walk and went to second on Gonzalez 's single . Tejada scored on Chase Headley 's groundout to make it 8 - 5 .
NEW YORK -- Mike Pelfrey was n't going to let the game get away . Pelfrey pitched four - hit ball into the seventh inning and the New York Mets beat the Colorado Rockies 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Pelfrey ( 11 - 6 ) gave up four hits and struck out four in seven innings . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth for his 25th save in 28 chances . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 17 - 3 ) gave up one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked four . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh when Chris Carter drew a leadoff walk and took third on Josh Thole 's double . After pinch-hitter Carlos Beltran was intentionally walked , Jose Reyes hit a sacrifice fly to deep center that Fernando Martinez caught with a leap at the wall . Jimenez struck out eight and walked four in seven innings . The Rockies lost for only the fourth time in their last 13 games at Citi Field . The Mets won for only the fourth time in their last 13 games at Citi Field . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh when Chris Carter drew a leadoff walk and took third on Josh Thole 's double . Pinch-hitter Carlos Beltran was intentionally walked to load the bases , and Jose Reyes hit a sacrifice fly . The Mets loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth , but Pelfrey got out of the jam by striking out Ike Davis . The Mets loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth on a single by Pelfrey and a hit by Jose Reyes . Jimenez intentionally walked David Wright to load the bases before striking out Ike Davis .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) -- Ross Gload is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Gload homered twice and drove in four runs to lead the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 15 - 9 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Friday night . Andre Ethier tied a career high with four hits and drove in two runs for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Casey Blake hit a two - run homer and Andre Ethier had a pair of RBI singles for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Gload went 3 - for - 5 with four RBIs and scored three runs . Ethier was hit by a pitch from George Sherrill leading off the ninth and scored on Blake 's homer . Vicente Padilla ( 6 - 3 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . Kyle Kendrick ( 7 - 5 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in 3 1/3 innings . The Dodgers chased Kendrick in the fourth . Brad Ausmus led off with a single and Vicente Padilla reached on shortstop Jimmy Rollins ' throwing error . Scott Podsednik singled to load the bases . Ryan Theriot hit a sacrifice fly off Antonio Bastardo to make it 4 - 0 . Ross Gload followed with a two - run homer to right to cut it to 7 - 4 . The Dodgers tacked on four runs in the sixth against David Herndon . James Loney hit an RBI double and Blake hit a sacrifice fly to make it 8 - 4 . Gload hit a two - run homer off Carlos Monasterios in the seventh to make it 13 - 7 . The Phillies loaded the bases with two outs in the ninth against George Sherrill on a single by Jimmy Rollins , a pinch-hit single by pinch-hitter Greg Dobbs and a walk to Jayson Werth . Octavio Dotel came in and gave up a two - run double to Brown .
DETROIT ( AP ) -- The Detroit Tigers have been waiting all season to win . Johnny Damon had three hits and drove in three runs , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Los Angeles Angels 9 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Tigers have won five of their last six games . Rick Porcello ( 5 - 10 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in six innings . Trevor Bell ( 1 - 3 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Tigers took a 3 - 1 lead in the fifth . Ryan Raburn led off with a double and scored on Don Kelly 's two - out single . Will Rhymes followed with an RBI double and Johnny Damon added an RBI double to make it 3 - 1 . Avila 's two - run single off Michael Kohn in the sixth made it 5 - 3 , and Will Rhymes added an RBI single off Michael Kohn to make it 6 - 3 . The Angels made it 6 - 4 in the seventh when Peter Bourjos led off with a double and scored on Bobby Abreu 's groundout . The Tigers loaded the bases with one out against Scot Shields in the eighth , but Damon 's two - run single made it 8 - 4 . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Alberto Callaspo reached on third baseman Alberto Callaspo 's throwing error , took third on Izturis ' single and scored on Porcello 's wild pitch . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Alberto Callaspo reached on third baseman Alberto Callaspo 's fielding error , took third on a single by Izturis and scored on a wild pitch .
SEATTLE -- Jason Vargas was n't going to let the game get away . Vargas won for the first time in more than a month and the Seattle Mariners beat the Kansas City Royals 3 - 2 on Wednesday night . Casey Kotchman hit a two - run single in the sixth inning for the Mariners , who have won four of five . Vargas ( 8 - 5 ) gave up one run and four hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out three . David Aardsma pitched the ninth for his 20th save in 23 chances . Kyle Davies ( 5 - 7 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth . Jason Kendall and Billy Butler started the inning with consecutive singles . Kendall advanced to third on Wilson Betemit 's flyout and scored on Mike Aviles ' two - out single to center . The Mariners took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth . Ichiro Suzuki singled with one out and Chone Figgins followed with a single to right . Figgins stole second and scored on Kotchman 's single to center . Brandon League pitched the eighth and Brandon League worked the eighth . The Mariners added an insurance run in the eighth when Ichiro Suzuki reached second on Aviles ' throwing error and scored on Chone Figgins ' single off Jesse Chavez . The Mariners threatened in the seventh when Franklin Gutierrez and Lopez singled to open the inning against Kanekoa Texeira . Bard 's sacrifice bunt advanced the runners to second and third , but Texeira struck out Ryan Langerhans to end the threat . The Mariners threatened in the seventh when Franklin Gutierrez and Lopez singled to open the inning against Kanekoa Texeira . Texeira then threw a called third strike past Ryan Langerhans to end the threat .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- The Chicago White Sox are going to have to make a run at the playoffs . Alex Rios singled home the tiebreaking run in the eighth inning , and the White Sox beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 2 on Tuesday night to end a four - game losing streak . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . Gavin Floyd ( 8 - 8 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings , striking out five and walking two . J. J. Putz worked a perfect ninth for his third save . The White Sox trailed 2 - 1 before scoring twice in the seventh against Jason Berken ( 3 - 3 ) . Alexei Ramirez reached on a two - out infield single and scored on a two - out double by A. J. Pierzynski . The White Sox went up 4 - 2 in the ninth . Alexei Ramirez reached on a two - out error by third baseman Josh Bell and scored on a two - out single by Gordon Beckham . Baltimore starter Kevin Millwood allowed one run and four hits in six innings , striking out two and walking two . Adam Jones gave the Orioles a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning with his 12th home run , but the Orioles did n't get another runner past first base the rest of the way . The Orioles made it 2 - 0 in the third . Markakis doubled and scored on a single by Wigginton , who was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second on Luke Scott 's single to center . Quentin hit a solo shot in the fourth to make it 2 - 1 . In the seventh , Kotsay singled with two outs and scored on a double by Pierzynski .
PHILADELPHIA -- Johan Santana has been one of the best pitchers in the majors . Santana pitched into the eighth inning for his first win in more than a month , and the New York Mets beat the Philadelphia Phillies 1 - 0 on Friday night . Santana ( 9 - 6 ) gave up five hits and struck out six in 7 1/3 innings . Francisco Rodriguez got the last five outs for his 24th save in 27 chances . He retired pinch-hitter Greg Dobbs on a liner to center with the tying run on second in the ninth . Jeff Francoeur hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Mets , who have won four of five . Cole Hamels ( 7 - 8 ) struck out a career-high 11 in seven innings . He allowed six hits and struck out a season-high 11 . The Phillies have lost four straight and six of seven . The Phillies threatened in the eighth when Jimmy Rollins and Raul Ibanez hit consecutive singles to start the inning . After Placido Polanco hit into a fielder 's choice , Rodriguez walked Jayson Werth to load the bases . But pinch-hitter Ross Gload grounded out to end the inning . The Phillies were shut out for the fifth time this season . Francoeur led off the seventh with a homer to right to give the Mets a 1 - 0 lead . It was his fourth of the season and second in two games . Jayson Werth led off the bottom of the seventh with a double and was thrown out at the plate trying to score on Ben Francisco 's grounder to third . The Mets loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth , but Chad Durbin struck out Jeff Francoeur .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- The Baltimore Orioles have been in first place in the AL East since the All-Star break . Adam Jones drove in the winning run with a 10th-inning single , and the Orioles beat the Chicago White Sox 2 - 1 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . The Orioles have won four of their last five games . The Orioles took two of three from the White Sox and have won six of their last seven overall . Nick Markakis singled with one out in the 10th and went to third on a two - out single by Luke Scott before scoring on a single by Adam Jones . Alfredo Simon ( 3 - 2 ) worked the last two innings to earn the win . Tony Pena ( 3 - 2 ) gave up a run and three hits in 2 2/3 innings . The White Sox have lost six of their last seven games . The Orioles loaded the bases with one out in the eighth against Chris Sale , but failed to score . Pinch-hitter Corey Patterson struck out to end the inning . The Orioles loaded the bases with one out in the eighth against Chris Sale , but failed to score . Pinch-hitter Corey Patterson struck out to end the inning . The Orioles went up 1 - 0 in the first when Brian Roberts singled , Nick Markakis singled and Ty Wigginton singled in a run . Beckham tied it in the third with a drive to center . It was his fourth of the season and second in two nights . The White Sox tied it in the bottom half . Brian Roberts singled , took second on a single by Nick Markakis and scored on a single by Ty Wigginton . Beckham tied it in the bottom half with a drive to center , his eighth of the season and second in two games . The White Sox center fielder robbed Dayan Viciedo of a home run with a leaping catch at the wall in the top of the third . The White Sox tied it in the bottom half . Brian Roberts led off with a single and took second on a single by Nick Markakis . Roberts scored on a single by Ty Wigginton . Beckham tied it in the third with a drive to center , his 12th of the season and second in two games . The White Sox put two runners on in the bottom half , but Bergesen struck out Juan Pierre and Brent Lillibridge to end the threat . Beckham tied it in the third with a drive into the left-field seats . It was his fourth of the season and second in two games . Beckham tied it in the bottom half with a drive to center , his 12th of the season and second in two games . The White Sox put runners at the corners with no outs in the bottom half , but Dayan Viciedo struck out and Brent Lillibridge struck out . Beckham tied it in the bottom half with a drive to center , his 12th of the season and second in two games . The White Sox put runners at the corners with no outs in the bottom half , but Dayan Viciedo struck out and Brent Lillibridge struck out . Beckham tied it in the bottom half with a drive to center , his 12th of the season and second in two games . The White Sox put runners at the corners with no outs in the bottom half , but Dayan Viciedo struck out and Brent Lillibridge struck out . Beckham tied it in the bottom half with a drive to center , his 12th of the season and second in two games . The White Sox put runners at the corners with no outs in the bottom half , but Dayan Viciedo struck out and Brent Lillibridge struck out . Beckham tied it in the bottom half with a drive to center , his 12th of the season and second in two games . The White Sox put runners at the corners with no outs in the bottom half , but Dayan Viciedo struck out and Brent Lillibridge struck out . Beckham tied it in the bottom half with a drive to center , his 12th of the season and second in two games . The White Sox put runners at the corners with no outs in the bottom half , but Dayan Viciedo struck out and Brent Lillibridge struck out . Beckham tied it in the bottom half with a drive to center , his 12th of the season and second in two games . The White Sox put runners at the corners with no outs in the bottom half , but Dayan Viciedo struck out and Brent Lillibridge struck out . Beckham tied it in the bottom half with a drive to center , his 12th of the season and second in two games . The White Sox put runners at the corners with no outs in the bottom half , but Dayan Viciedo struck out and Brent Lillibridge struck out . Beckham tied it in the bottom half with a drive to center , his 12th of the season and second in two games . The White Sox put runners at the corners with no outs in the bottom half , but Dayan Viciedo struck out and Brent Lillibridge struck out . Beckham tied it in the bottom half with a drive to center , his 12th of the season and second in two games . The White Sox put runners at the corners with no outs in the bottom half , but Dayan Viciedo struck out
PHILADELPHIA -- Mike Hessman was n't sure if he 'd hit a pinch-hit homer . Hessman hit a tiebreaking single in the eighth inning and the Philadelphia Phillies rallied to beat the New York Mets 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . The NL East-leading Phillies won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to a major league-best 43 - 19 at home . They have won six of their last seven games . Hessman , who entered as a pinch hitter in the eighth , singled off Bobby Parnell ( 0 - 1 ) to start the rally . Jayson Werth followed with a single and Ben Francisco tied it with a single to right . Chad Durbin ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth to earn the win . Brad Lidge got the final out for his 13th save in 16 chances . The Mets have lost five of six . New York starter Jonathon Niese gave up one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked five . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Raul Ibanez hit a one - out single and scored on a double by Placido Polanco . The Mets tied it in the third on Jose Reyes ' RBI single . The Mets took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth . David Wright singled with one out and Ike Davis followed with a single to right . Josh Thole followed with an RBI single to right to put the Mets up 2 - 1 . The Mets took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth . David Wright and Ike Davis hit consecutive one - out singles , and Thole followed with a single to right to put the Mets up 2 - 1 .
PHOENIX -- The Arizona Diamondbacks ' offense is finally starting to come alive . Ryan Zimmerman hit two home runs , including a two - run shot , and the Diamondbacks beat the Washington Nationals 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Diamondbacks have won six of their last seven games , including three in a row . Barry Enright ( 3 - 2 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings to get the win . Ross Detwiler ( 0 - 2 ) gave up seven runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in four innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Nationals have lost five of their last six games . Adam LaRoche led off the second with a double and scored when first baseman Bobby Crosby dropped Rusty Ryal 's fly ball for an error . Bobby Crosby followed with an RBI double to the gap in left-center . Kennedy 's solo shot in the third inning was his first home run since June 12 . The Diamondbacks scored three unearned runs in the fourth to take a 4 - 1 lead . Kelly Johnson led off with a triple and scored on Justin Upton 's single . Adam LaRoche singled and Rusty Ryal hit an RBI single . Collin Balester relieved Detwiler and struck out Bobby Crosby before walking Hester to load the bases . Sam Demel came on and got pinch hitter Alberto Gonzalez to ground into a double play , then gave up a solo homer to Bernadina . Ryan Zimmerman led off the eighth with a home run off Esmerling Vasquez to cut Arizona 's lead to 7 - 4 .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- Vicente Padilla has a no-hitter and a complete game in his first career complete game . Padilla pitched a two - hitter for his first career complete game and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the San Diego Padres 9 - 0 on Wednesday night . Padilla ( 5 - 3 ) struck out nine and walked two in his fourth career complete game and second this season . The right-hander threw a two - hit shutout at Dodger Stadium last Wednesday . Dodgers manager Don Mattingly was impressed with Padilla 's performance . Padilla ( 5 - 3 ) struck out nine and walked two in his fourth career complete game and second this season . He retired the first 10 batters before Jerry Hairston Jr. led off the ninth with a fly to center . Jamey Carroll singled with one out in the eighth , stole second and scored on Vicente Padilla 's two - out single . Ryan Theriot followed with a two - run double and Andre Ethier added a two - run homer . The Padres , who have lost five of their last six games , have lost five of their last six . Wade LeBlanc ( 5 - 10 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings , struck out six and walked one . The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Jamey Carroll and a two - run single by Scott Podsednik . Belliard 's RBI double made it 4 - 0 in the third . The Dodgers extended their lead to 7 - 0 in the eighth on RBI singles by Padilla , Theriot and Theriot . Padilla retired the first two batters in the seventh before giving up a single to Ryan Ludwick and a single to Chase Headley . But Yorvit Torrealba grounded into a double play to end the inning .
PHOENIX ( AP ) -- Adam Dunn has been on a roll . Dunn homered twice and drove in four runs to lead the Washington Nationals to a 7 - 2 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday night . Dunn , who had a pair of three - run homers in Friday night 's 5 - 4 win , has hit four home runs in his last four games . The NL East-leading Nationals won for the fourth time in five games . Craig Stammen ( 4 - 4 ) went 5 1/3 innings , allowing one run and six hits . He struck out six and walked four . Ian Kennedy ( 6 - 9 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in four innings , his shortest outing of the season . The Nationals jumped on Kennedy for two runs in the first inning . Zimmerman doubled with two outs and scored on Dunn 's 21st home run of the season . Chris Young led off the bottom of the first with a walk , advanced to third on Kelly Johnson 's single and scored on Justin Upton 's sacrifice fly . The Nationals added a run in the third on a single by Roger Bernadina , a stolen base and an RBI single by Adam Kennedy . Dunn led off the fourth with his 21st home run of the season , a solo shot to left , to make it 4 - 1 . The Nationals added two runs in the seventh . Roger Bernadina singled off D. J. Carrasco , then scored when Kennedy doubled off the wall in left . Kennedy moved to third on a wild pitch and scored on Adam Dunn 's single off Blaine Boyer . LaRoche led off the eighth with a home run off Joel Peralta , and Rusty Ryal and Drew walked with two outs before Sean Burnett struck out Ryan Church to end the inning . LaRoche led off the eighth with a home run off Joel Peralta , the Diamondbacks ' first home run of the season . Drew walked with two outs , but Sean Burnett struck out Ryan Church to end the inning .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Angel Sanchez had a big night at the plate . Sanchez matched a career high with six RBIs , and the Houston Astros beat the St. Louis Cardinals 18 - 4 on Tuesday night . Sanchez had a career-high six RBIs and scored three runs . Angel Sanchez had four hits and drove in two runs , and Chris Johnson had two hits and three RBIs for the Astros , who have won four of five . Bud Norris ( 4 - 7 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Jaime Garcia ( 9 - 5 ) gave up eight runs , four earned , and 10 hits in five - plus innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the second time in his last four starts . Aaron Miles pitched a scoreless first inning for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Carlos Lee had three hits and scored three runs for the Astros , who have won four of five . Carlos Lee had three hits and scored three runs . Feliz singled in a run in the third for a 6 - 1 lead . The Cardinals scored three runs in the fourth on RBI singles by Allen Craig Craig and Skip Schumaker . The Astros added five runs in the seventh off Mitchell Boggs , who was making his first appearance in the majors . Matt Holliday hit a solo homer in the sixth for St. Louis .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Kansas City Royals manager Ned Yost was n't worried about his team 's performance . The Royals scored the go-ahead run on Gregor Blanco 's fielder 's choice with the bases loaded in the ninth inning , and the Royals beat the Oakland Athletics 3 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Royals won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 1 on their nine - game road trip . The Royals won for the seventh time in nine games and moved within one game of first-place Detroit in the AL Central . Alex Gordon opened the ninth with a grounder off Craig Breslow ( 4 - 3 ) . Gordon moved to second on a sacrifice bunt by Mitch Maier and an intentional walk to Yuniesky Betancourt . Jesse Chavez ( 4 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Joakim Soria pitched a perfect ninth for his 30th save in 32 chances . A 's starter Vin Mazzaro gave up two runs -- one earned -- and five hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out five . Gordon and Yuniesky Betancourt singled with one out in the second , but Gregor Blanco grounded into an inning-ending double play . The A 's tied it in the fourth when Rajai Davis drew a two - out walk and scored on a single by Matt Watson . The A 's tied it in the fifth when Daric Barton walked with one out and scored on Kurt Suzuki 's double to right . Mitch Maier led off the seventh with a double off Jerry Blevins and advanced to third on Betancourt 's single . Blevins then retired Getz and Jason Kendall to end the threat .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Adam Wainwright had a lot to do with it . Wainwright pitched seven strong innings and drove in a run to lead the St. Louis Cardinals to a 9 - 1 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Friday night . Wainwright ( 15 - 6 ) gave up one run and six hits , striking out five without a walk . He has won four of his last five decisions . Pujols ' homer capped a four - run fifth against Zach Duke ( 5 - 10 ) , who gave up six runs and seven hits in five - plus innings . Duke was coming off one of his worst outings of the season , when he gave up six runs in 2 2/3 innings in a loss at Pittsburgh . Wainwright ( 15 - 6 ) gave up one run and six hits in seven innings , striking out five without a walk . He also singled in the go-ahead run in a four - run fifth against Zach Duke ( 5 - 10 ) , who gave up six runs and seven hits in five - plus innings . Wainwright also singled twice and drove in a run with a single in the fifth . Matt Holliday and Brendan Ryan each had two hits for the Cardinals . Pinch-hitter Randy Winn walked with the bases loaded in the eighth , but pinch-hitter Jason LaRue grounded into a fielder 's choice to end the inning . Holliday 's homer in the eighth off Steven Jackson made it 7 - 1 . Ronny Cedeno had an RBI single in the second for Pittsburgh . The Cardinals tied it in the third when Brendan Ryan doubled and scored on Aaron Miles ' sacrifice fly . The Cardinals tied it in the third on a double by Ryan and a sacrifice fly by Aaron Miles .
SEATTLE -- The Oakland Athletics are on a roll . Chris Carter and Jack Cust each hit two - run singles in Oakland 's four - run fifth inning , and the A 's beat the Seattle Mariners 8 - 1 on Tuesday night . The A 's won for the seventh time in nine games and moved two games over .500 for the first time this season . Carter hit a two - run homer off Seattle starter Doug Fister in the sixth inning to give Oakland a 6 - 0 lead . Gio Gonzalez ( 15 - 9 ) gave up four hits and struck out eight in seven shutout innings . Doug Fister ( 6 - 14 ) gave up six runs and 13 hits in 5 1/3 innings . The A 's scored four times in the fifth to take a 4 - 0 lead . Jeremy Hermida led off with a single and moved to second on Rajai Davis ' one - out single . Daric Barton singled to load the bases . Brian Sweeney then came in and got Daric Barton to line out to first , but Carter hit a 1 - 0 pitch into the left-field seats for his 21st home run . Rajai Davis followed with a single and Daric Barton walked , but Mark Ellis flew out to end the inning . The Mariners scored in the eighth against Vin Mazzaro . Smoak led off with a single and moved to second on a wild pitch . Adam Moore walked to load the bases , and Greg Halman drove in Smoak with a fielder 's choice to make it 8 - 1 . The Mariners had a chance to score in the third , but Davis was thrown out trying to stretch a single into a double . Daric Barton was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Carter led off the third with a single , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Cliff Pennington followed with a single , but Davis popped out and Barton was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- Nelson Figueroa had a lot to do with it . Figueroa allowed six hits in 6 2/3 innings , and the Houston Astros beat the Cincinnati Reds 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Figueroa ( 6 - 4 ) gave up six hits and three walks , striking out five . He has allowed two runs or less in each of his last four starts . Brandon Lyon pitched the ninth for his 20th save in 23 chances . Johnny Cueto ( 12 - 7 ) gave up eight hits and two runs -- one earned -- with no walks and four strikeouts in seven innings . Jeff Keppinger doubled with one out in the first and scored on a double by Lee , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Astros have won six of their last seven games . Keppinger doubled with one out in the first and scored on a double by Lee , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . It was the second time in the series that the Astros scored more than three runs . Carlos Lee had three hits , including an RBI double in the seventh that made it 2 - 0 . The Astros made it 2 - 0 in the seventh . Carlos Lee led off with a single , took third on a single by Chris Johnson and scored on Wallace 's fielder 's choice .
DENVER -- Matt Kemp 's first career grand slam was all the offense the Los Angeles Dodgers needed . Kemp hit his first career grand slam and drove in four runs to lead the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 7 - 6 win over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Kemp 's slam in the third inning off Jhoulys Chacin ( 9 - 11 ) gave the Dodgers a 5 - 1 lead . It was his second grand slam of the season . Kemp is hitting .248 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last six games . Kemp 's slam came in the third inning , when the Dodgers scored five runs on four hits and a walk . Olivo led off the third with his 17th home run of the season , a solo shot that made it 5 - 2 . The Rockies closed to 7 - 5 in the fifth on Ryan Spilborghs ' two - run single off Ramon Troncoso ( 2 - 3 ) . Ronald Belisario gave up a run in the ninth but held on for his second save . Jhoulys Chacin ( 9 - 11 ) gave up seven runs -- two earned -- and four hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked three . The Rockies got a run back in the bottom of the fifth on a two - out , two - run single by Spilborghs off Ramon Troncoso ( 2 - 3 ) . Loney 's RBI single in the fifth off Jhoulys Chacin ( 9 - 11 ) made it 7 - 3 . The Rockies loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh on a single by Jonathan Herrera , a single by Jonathan Herrera and a walk to Spilborghs before George Sherrill came in and retired pinch hitter Melvin Mora on a fly to center .
DENVER ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are going to make a run at the playoffs . Casey Blake hit two home runs , Casey Blake hit two home runs and James Loney also went deep to help the Dodgers beat the Colorado Rockies 9 - 7 on Wednesday night . The Dodgers , who lead the NL in runs , have won six of their last seven games . The Dodgers trailed 6 - 2 in the eighth when A. J. Ellis hit a leadoff double off Octavio Dotel ( 3 - 4 ) and scored on Furcal 's one - out triple . Andre Ethier 's sacrifice fly made it 8 - 6 . Ronald Belisario ( 3 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up a two - run homer to Dexter Fowler in the seventh . Octavio Dotel ( 3 - 4 ) gave up a leadoff double to A. J. Ellis in the eighth and was replaced by Ronald Belisario ( 3 - 1 ) , who gave up a double to A. J. Ellis and a one - out triple to Rafael Furcal . Andre Ethier 's sacrifice fly made it 8 - 6 . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth for his third save , striking out Tulowitzki to end the game . The Rockies trailed 6 - 2 before Helton 's two - run homer in the seventh off Ronald Belisario ( 3 - 1 ) . After a walk to Chris Iannetta and a wild pitch , Fowler hit a two - run homer to left to tie it at 6 . The Dodgers took a 5 - 1 lead in the third on Rafael Furcal 's RBI triple and Kemp 's two - run homer . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Chris Nelson doubled with one out and scored on Carlos Gonzalez 's single . The Dodgers got two runs back in the third on Rafael Furcal 's RBI triple and Kemp 's two - run homer . The Rockies got a run back in the third when Fowler tripled and scored on Carlos Gonzalez 's two - out single .
DENVER ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are trying to keep their slim playoff hopes alive . Casey Blake had three hits and drove in two runs , A. J. Ellis singled in the tiebreaking run in the ninth inning and the Dodgers beat the Colorado Rockies 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . The Dodgers ' magic number for clinching the NL West remained at three . Ted Lilly ( 9 - 12 ) gave up one run and four hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Hong-Chih Kuo pitched a perfect ninth for his 11th save in 12 chances . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 19 - 8 ) gave up two runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked four . The Rockies have lost three straight and six of their last seven . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Blake 's two - out , two - run single . Rafael Furcal led off the game with a single , Ryan Theriot walked and James Loney flied out before Blake lined a two - run single up the middle . The Rockies cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the fourth on a solo homer by Carlos Gonzalez . The Rockies had a chance to tie the game in the fifth when Todd Helton led off with a double , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Jonathan Herrera drew a one - out walk , but Eric Young Jr. grounded out to end the inning . The Dodgers added an unearned run in the seventh . Casey Blake led off with a double and advanced to third on a groundout by Lilly . Joe Beimel came in and got pinch hitter Jamey Carroll to pop out , then gave up an RBI single to Ellis . Joe Beimel gave up a single to Rafael Furcal before getting Theriot to line out to second .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- Ryan Braun was n't sure what to expect . Braun had two hits and three RBIs to lead the Milwaukee Brewers to a 6 - 2 victory over the Florida Marlins on Friday night . The Brewers have won six of their last seven games . Ryan Braun had two hits and drove in three runs . Jeremy Jeffress ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win . Andrew Miller ( 1 - 4 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Brewers grabbed a 2 - 0 lead in the third . Mark Rogers and Rickie Weeks Jr. singled with one out , and Corey Hart was hit by a pitch to load the bases . Braun followed with a two - run single to make it 2 - 0 . Rickie Weeks Jr. and Corey Hart drew one - out walks in the fifth and scored on Ryan Braun 's double to make it 3 - 0 . Fielder added a run-scoring single off Jorge Sosa to make it 4 - 0 . Ozzie Martinez added an RBI single in the eighth off Mike McClendon to make it 6 - 1 . Pinch-hitter Scott Cousins led off the ninth with a triple off Trevor Hoffman and scored on Emilio Bonifacio 's sacrifice fly . The Marlins loaded the bases with one out in the first , but Rogers struck out Gaby Sanchez and Chad Tracy to end the inning .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- The Boston Red Sox are on their longest winning streak since a 10-game run in June 2008 . Kerry Wood pitched 1 1/3 innings of hitless relief , Boone Logan got the final out of the ninth inning and the Red Sox beat the New York Yankees 10 - 8 on Tuesday night . The Red Sox won for the seventh time in nine games and improved to 6 - 1 on their 10-game homestand . Josh Beckett ( 6 - 5 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Jonathan Papelbon gave up a solo homer to Mark Teixeira in the ninth before striking out Robinson Cano for his 37th save in 42 chances . Andy Pettitte ( 11 - 3 ) gave up seven runs -- six earned -- and 10 hits in 3 1/3 innings . Lowrie hit a three - run homer in the second off Pettitte , who gave up 10 hits and seven runs -- six earned -- in 3 1/3 innings . Curtis Granderson homered in the third for New York , which has lost four of five . The Red Sox chased Pettitte ( 11 - 3 ) with a four - run fourth . Ortiz led off with a single and scored on McDonald 's one - out double . Jonathan Albaladejo came in and gave up a three - run homer to Alex Rodriguez . Teixeira and Rodriguez hit consecutive homers in the sixth for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Rodriguez hit a two - run homer off Beckett in the seventh to make it 10 - 5 .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- The Tampa Bay Rays ' latest win was a big one . B. J. Upton hit a tying two - run double during Tampa Bay 's eight - run sixth inning , and the Rays rallied for a 10 - 3 victory over the New York Yankees on Tuesday night . The Rays ' magic number to clinch the AL East remained at three . The Red Sox lost 6 - 4 at Boston . David Price ( 18 - 6 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in six innings . CC Sabathia ( 20 - 7 ) gave up seven runs and 10 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Sabathia ( 20 - 7 ) gave up seven runs and 10 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out six . The Rays broke it open in the sixth against Sabathia ( 20 - 7 ) . Carl Crawford led off with a single , Evan Longoria doubled and Rocco Baldelli singled in a run . Dan Johnson hit a sacrifice fly and B. J. Upton walked to load the bases before Vazquez struck out Jason Bartlett and got Carl Crawford to fly out to center to end the inning . Marcus Thames hit a two - run homer in the second for New York , which has lost four of five . Ben Zobrist hit an RBI single in the third for the Rays , who have won four of five . Ben Zobrist 's RBI single made it 2 - 1 in the third . Greg Golson led off the Yankees ' fifth with a double and scored on Nick Swisher 's single .
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals are starting to feel good about themselves . Michael Morse hit a two - run homer and Roger Bernadina added a two - run shot in a five - run sixth inning , leading the Nationals to a 7 - 2 victory over the Houston Astros on Friday night . The Nationals have won six of their last seven games . Detwiler ( 1 - 2 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in six innings , walking two and striking out none . Nelson Figueroa ( 5 - 4 ) gave up five runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Nationals trailed 2 - 1 before Morse 's two - out , two - run double off Figueroa in the sixth . Ian Desmond singled to put runners at the corners and Morse hit a two - run double down the left-field line to put Washington up 3 - 2 . Adam Kennedy followed with a single off Henry Villar , who was replaced by Enerio Del Rosario , who got Ian Desmond to ground out to end the inning . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jason Bourgeois singled , stole second and scored on a double by Jeff Keppinger . Morse led off the bottom of the second with a homer to left . Roger Bernadina followed with a single , and Figueroa got Justin Maxwell to ground into a double play . The Astros took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth . Humberto Quintero led off with a single , moved to second on Nelson Figueroa 's sacrifice and scored on Pence 's single . The Astros took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth . Humberto Quintero led off with a single , advanced on Nelson Figueroa 's sacrifice and scored on Pence 's single to right . Espinosa 's two - run homer off Gustavo Chacin in the seventh made it 7 - 2 .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins are on a roll , too . Delmon Young hit an RBI double in a three - run eighth inning and the Twins rallied for a 6 - 4 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . The Twins , who lead the American League wild-card standings , have won six of their last seven games , including three in a row against the Indians . The Twins trailed 4 - 2 in the eighth when Delmon Young hit an RBI double off Justin Masterson ( 6 - 13 ) and scored on Jose Morales ' sacrifice fly off Tony Sipp . Orlando Hudson greeted Tony Sipp with an RBI double to make it 6 - 4 . Matt Capps pitched a perfect ninth for his 41st save in 43 chances . The Twins have won six of their last seven games . The Indians have lost five of their last six games . Jim Thome led off the second inning with a homer for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Drew Sutton hit a two - out RBI single in the fifth to give the Indians a 2 - 1 lead . The Indians took a 4 - 1 lead in the sixth against Jose Mijares . Hafner and Jordan Brown started the inning with singles and Hafner scored when Trevor Crowe grounded into a double play . Luis Valbuena followed with an RBI double to make it 4 - 1 . The Twins got a run back in the sixth on an RBI single by Danny Valencia . Baker gave up two runs -- one earned -- and four hits with seven strikeouts in five innings .
TORONTO ( AP ) -- Ichiro Suzuki was n't sure he 'd ever hit a home run . Suzuki had four hits and scored twice as the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Seattle Mariners 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Ichiro Suzuki went 4 - for - 4 with a walk and scored twice . Marc Rzepczynski ( 2 - 4 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings to win for the first time in four starts . He walked three and struck out eight . Kevin Gregg gave up a run in the ninth but held on for his 34th save in 38 chances . Luke French ( 4 - 6 ) allowed five runs and seven hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out two . The Mariners opened the scoring in the first when Ichiro Suzuki singled , took second on Chone Figgins ' sacrifice and scored on Jose Lopez 's single . Wells put the Blue Jays in front with a two - out drive to left in the bottom of the first , his eighth . Encarnacion made it 3 - 1 with a leadoff homer to left in the second , his eighth . Snider made it 5 - 1 in the fourth with a two - out homer to left , his eighth . The Mariners cut it to 5 - 2 in the fifth on an RBI single by Jose Lopez . Seattle cut it to 5 - 2 in the fifth on an RBI single by Jose Lopez .
BOSTON ( AP ) -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting all season long enough to keep their winning streak alive . Ty Wigginton hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly in the seventh inning and the Orioles beat the Boston Red Sox 4 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Orioles won for the fourth time in five games and remained two games ahead of the New York Yankees in the AL East . The Orioles won for the fifth time in six games and improved to 5 - 0 against the Red Sox this season . The Orioles took a 4 - 2 lead in the seventh on Ty Wigginton 's sacrifice fly and Luke Scott 's RBI single off Daniel Bard . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with no outs in the eighth , but Jim Johnson got Adrian Beltre to ground into a double play . Koji Uehara pitched a perfect ninth for his 10th save . Daisuke Matsuzaka ( 9 - 6 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out four . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Brian Roberts led off with a single and Nick Markakis walked . Roberts scored on Luke Scott 's sacrifice fly . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom of the first when Marco Scutaro walked , took third on a single by Darnell McDonald and scored on Martinez 's single . The Orioles took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth when Matt Wieters drew a leadoff walk and took third on Felix Pie 's single . Cesar Izturis then hit a grounder to second baseman Josh Bell , who threw to second for the second out . Hernandez then struck out Jason Varitek to end the inning . The Red Sox tied it in the sixth on an RBI single by Bill Hall .
DETROIT ( AP ) -- The Detroit Tigers had a lot of fun . Alex Avila homered and drove in three runs , and the Tigers beat the Kansas City Royals 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Tigers have won six of their last seven games . Yuniesky Betancourt had four hits , including a homer , and drove in three runs , including a two - run single in the fifth that gave Detroit a 5 - 4 lead . Betancourt had four hits and drove in three runs . Phil Coke got the last two outs for his second save in three chances . He struck out pinch hitter Josh Fields with runners on second and third to end the game . Greinke ( 9 - 13 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in six - plus innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Royals scored four runs in the fifth to take a 5 - 4 lead . Brayan Pena led off with a single , Alex Gordon singled and Yuniesky Betancourt hit a three - run homer off Rick Porcello to make it 4 - 3 . Avila finished with three hits , including a two - run homer , and Will Rhymes added a two - run shot for the Tigers . Alex Avila hit a solo homer off Jesse Chavez in the eighth to make it 7 - 5 . Greinke ( 9 - 13 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in six - plus innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Brennan Boesch led off with a single , moved to second on Don Kelly 's single and scored on Ramon Santiago 's single . The Tigers made it 4 - 0 in the third on Cabrera 's RBI single , and Avila 's two - run single made it 4 - 0 .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Jered Weaver is making a strong case to stay in the playoff rotation . Weaver pitched into the seventh inning , Nelson Cruz drove in two runs and the Los Angeles Angels held on for a 7 - 4 victory over the Texas Rangers on Friday night . Weaver ( 13 - 11 ) allowed three runs and nine hits over 6 2/3 innings , struck out two and walked two . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 12th save in 15 chances . Derek Holland ( 3 - 4 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 3 2/3 innings , struck out one and walked three . The Angels took a 4 - 1 lead in the fourth on Jeff Mathis ' RBI double and Bobby Abreu 's RBI double . The Angels increased their margin to 6 - 1 in the sixth on a two - out , two - run single by Torii Hunter off Dustin Nippert . Clay Rapada got the final out of the inning , and Clay Rapada got Ian Kinsler to pop out to end the inning . The Rangers scored twice in the seventh on Michael Young 's RBI groundout and Nelson Cruz 's bases-loaded walk against Kevin Jepsen . The Angels added a run in the seventh on an RBI single by pinch hitter Hideki Matsui and an RBI single by pinch-hitter Hideki Matsui . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Mike Napoli led off with a single , moved to second on a groundout and scored on Wood 's two - out single . The Rangers tied it in the fourth on a one - out double by David Murphy , a single by Vladimir Guerrero and an RBI single by Nelson Cruz . The Angels increased the margin to 4 - 1 in the fourth when Brandon Wood drew a one - out walk and scored on Jeff Mathis ' double . Abreu followed with an RBI double .
CHICAGO -- Justin Verlander was n't going to let a one - run lead slip away . Scott Sizemore hit a three - run homer in the eighth inning and the Detroit Tigers beat the Chicago White Sox 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 17 - 8 ) gave up three runs and six hits in his second complete game of the season . He struck out eight and walked one . Verlander did n't allow a hit until Brent Morel 's two - out single in the ninth . Sergio Santos ( 2 - 1 ) gave up a two - out single to Alex Avila and a single to Austin Jackson before Sizemore 's homer . Santos was charged with two runs on two hits and two walks in two - thirds of an inning . The White Sox have lost six of their last seven games . The White Sox scored three runs in the fifth to tie it at 3 . Brent Morel doubled with one out and scored on Mark Teahen 's double . Teahen scored on Juan Pierre 's fielder 's choice grounder to tie it at 3 . Raburn 's two - out , two - run single made it 3 - 0 in the top of the first . Brandon Inge and Alex Avila singled with one out in the fourth for Chicago 's first hit . Harrell struck out Austin Jackson , but Will Rhymes drove in Inge with a ground-rule double to left . The White Sox tied it in the fifth on back-to-back doubles by Brent Morel and Mark Teahen and an RBI double by Alex Rios . Harrell allowed three runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked two .
PHILADELPHIA -- Ryan Howard is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Howard hit a two - run homer and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Washington Nationals 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Howard hit a two - run shot in the third inning to help Kyle Kendrick ( 10 - 9 ) win his fourth straight start . The right-hander allowed two runs and six hits in six innings , striking out three and walking one . Ryan Howard hit a two - run homer for the NL East-leading Phillies , who have won six of their last seven games . Kendrick has n't allowed more than two earned runs in any of his last six starts . Brad Lidge pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in 26 chances . Jordan Zimmermann ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in three innings . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Danny Espinosa led off with a single and scored on Ian Desmond 's triple to right . Ryan Zimmerman was hit by a pitch to load the bases . But Zimmermann struck out Kyle Kendrick and retired Placido Polanco on a grounder to third baseman Placido Polanco to end the inning . Howard and Ibanez hit solo homers in the third to give the Phillies a 5 - 1 lead . Ryan Zimmerman led off the sixth with a double and scored on Michael Morse 's two - out single to cut it to 5 - 2 . The Nationals loaded the bases with one out in the eighth against Ryan Madson on a walk to Adam Dunn and a single by Morse . But Willie Harris struck out to end the inning .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- The San Diego Padres had a lot to do with it . Ryan Ludwick hit a three - run homer in San Diego 's four - run ninth inning and the Padres beat the St. Louis Cardinals 8 - 4 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight victory . The Padres , who have won six of their last seven games , have won six of their last seven overall . The Padres , who have the worst record in the majors , have won six of their last seven overall . They have won six of their last seven overall and are 5 - 0 against St. Louis this season . David Eckstein led off the ninth with a single off Kyle McClellan ( 1 - 4 ) and moved to second on Miguel Tejada 's groundout . Adrian Gonzalez was intentionally walked before Ludwick 's homer to left . Mike Adams ( 4 - 1 ) worked 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Will Venable had three hits and an RBI for the Padres , who have won four of five . David Eckstein had three hits and an RBI for the Padres , who have won four of five . The Cardinals tied it in the seventh on Colby Rasmus ' RBI single and Pedro Feliz 's RBI single off Luke Gregerson . St. Louis starter Jeff Suppan gave up one run and five hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Skip Schumaker led off with a single and Matt Holliday walked with two outs before Colby Rasmus walked to load the bases . Jay scored on a wild pitch by Chris Young to make it 1 - 0 . The Padres tied it in the fifth on a two - out triple by Will Venable and an RBI single by David Eckstein . The Cardinals took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth . Skip Schumaker led off with a double off Ryan Webb and moved to third on Jon Jay 's sacrifice bunt . Schumaker scored on a wild pitch and Colby Rasmus walked to load the bases .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Yadier Molina had a season-high five RBIs . Molina matched a career high with five RBIs and drove in five runs , leading the St. Louis Cardinals to a 14 - 4 victory over the San Diego Padres on Friday night . Molina had a pair of two - run singles and finished with a career-high five RBIs . The Cardinals won for the 10th time in 12 games and moved within a half-game of NL Central-leading Cincinnati . Kyle Lohse ( 4 - 7 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked one . Mat Latos ( 14 - 7 ) gave up eight runs and nine hits in 1 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . Molina had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the Cardinals ' four - run second . Latos ( 14 - 7 ) gave up eight runs and nine hits in 1 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He had been 3 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in his previous four starts . Miguel Tejada gave the Padres a 1 - 0 lead with a two - out homer in the first . It was his 10th of the season and second in as many games . The Cardinals took a 3 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first . Skip Schumaker and Jon Jay singled to start the inning and Pujols followed with an RBI double . Jay scored on Matt Holliday 's groundout and Pujols scored on Yadier Molina 's double . The Padres got two runs in the second on a single by Yorvit Torrealba , a sacrifice bunt by Latos and an RBI single by Will Venable . The Cardinals scored four runs in the second , including run-scoring singles by Pujols and Holliday and a two - run single by Yadier Molina . Greene 's RBI double made it 8 - 2 .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- Alex Rodriguez is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Rodriguez hit two home runs , including a tiebreaking shot in the ninth inning , and the New York Yankees beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 3 on Tuesday night to end a four - game losing streak . It was the third multihomer game of Rodriguez 's career and first since July 7 , 2007 , against Toronto . Uehara was n't as sharp as he 's been all season , but he did n't get a save . Rodriguez hit a 2 - 2 pitch from Koji Uehara ( 1 - 2 ) into the left-field seats for his second career multihomer game and first this season . It was his second career two - homer game and second this season . Uehara ( 1 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth for his 31st save . The Orioles have lost six of their last seven games . Rodriguez led off the second with a drive to left , and Robinson Cano singled and Lance Berkman walked before Millwood struck out Francisco Cervelli and got Derek Jeter to fly out . The Orioles tied it in the third . Cesar Izturis was hit by a pitch , stole second and scored on a sacrifice fly by Nick Markakis . Jones hit a solo shot in the fourth to put Baltimore up 2 - 1 . Andino homered in the seventh to make it 3 - 1 . The Yankees loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh before Mark Teixeira struck out .
MIAMI ( AP ) -- The Chicago Cubs ' bullpen has been a problem . Ryan Dempster allowed four hits in seven shutout innings and the Cubs beat the Florida Marlins 2 - 0 on Wednesday night . The Cubs won for the fourth time in five games and reduced their magic number for clinching the NL Central to six . Dempster ( 14 - 10 ) allowed four hits and struck out five . Carlos Marmol pitched the ninth for his 32nd save in 38 chances . Alex Sanabia ( 4 - 3 ) gave up two runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked three . The Marlins fell to 1 - 5 on their 10-game homestand , their longest of the season . The Marlins had runners on first and third with no outs in the seventh , but failed to score . Dempster struck out pinch-hitter Wes Helms and Emilio Bonifacio to end the threat . The Marlins had runners on first and third with no outs in the seventh , but Dempster got out of the jam by striking out pinch-hitter Wes Helms and Emilio Bonifacio . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Geovany Soto reached on a fielder 's choice and scored on Alfonso Soriano 's double . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Geovany Soto reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second and scored on a double by Soriano . Soto 's RBI double made it 2 - 0 in the sixth .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- The Arizona Diamondbacks had a lot to do with it . Rodrigo Lopez gave up one run in seven innings , and the Diamondbacks beat the Cincinnati Reds 3 - 1 on Wednesday night . The Diamondbacks have won six of their last seven games , including three of their last four . Lopez ( 6 - 14 ) gave up eight hits and one run with four strikeouts and no walks . Juan Gutierrez pitched the ninth for his 10th save in 12 chances . Edinson Volquez ( 3 - 3 ) gave up three runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Drew Stubbs led off with a single , moved to second on Orlando Cabrera 's flyout and scored on Jonny Gomes ' two - out double . The Diamondbacks regained the lead in the fifth . Miguel Montero led off with a walk , Ryan Church walked and Gerardo Parra hit an RBI double . Stephen Drew and Kelly Johnson followed with RBI singles . Volquez gave up three runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Diamondbacks took a 3 - 1 lead in the fifth . Miguel Montero drew a leadoff walk , Ryan Church walked and Gerardo Parra followed with a double to the gap in left-center . Drew and Johnson followed with RBI singles . The Reds have lost five of their last six games .
SEATTLE -- Clay Buchholz was n't going to let the game get away from him . Buchholz allowed one run in seven innings and the Boston Red Sox beat the Seattle Mariners 5 - 1 on Wednesday night . Buchholz ( 16 - 7 ) allowed one run and four hits , struck out six and walked three . Adrian Beltre hit a solo homer in the fourth inning for the Red Sox , who have won six of their last seven games . Victor Martinez drove in two runs with a double in the seventh , and Marco Scutaro had three hits and scored twice for Boston . David Pauley ( 2 - 8 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and six hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out four . The Red Sox added three runs in the seventh off Ryan Rowland-Smith . Marco Scutaro led off with a single and Ryan Kalish followed with a double down the left-field line . Scutaro scored on Ryan Kalish 's triple into the right-field corner to make it 5 - 1 . Russell Branyan gave the Mariners a 1 - 0 lead with a two - out homer in the first . Beltre tied it in the fourth with his 16th home run of the season . The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth . David Ortiz doubled with one out and scored on a throwing error by second baseman Chone Figgins . Josh Reddick singled to put runners on first and third with two outs , but Yamaico Navarro struck out swinging to end the inning . The Red Sox added a run in the eighth when Marco Scutaro walked , stole second and scored on Kalish 's triple .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Alex Rodriguez 's first home run of the season was a memorable one . Rodriguez hit a tiebreaking homer in the 10th inning , and the New York Yankees rallied to beat the Tampa Bay Rays 8 - 7 on Wednesday night . Dan Wheeler ( 2 - 3 ) gave up one run and two hits in two innings of relief for the loss . Posada , who entered as a pinch hitter in the 10th , hit a 2 - 0 pitch from Wheeler ( 2 - 3 ) over the wall in center for his 21st homer . Mariano Rivera pitched the 10th for his 30th save in 34 opportunities . The Rays , who lead the AL wild-card standings , lost for the fourth time in five games . Mariano Rivera pitched the 10th for his 30th save in 34 opportunities . Mark Teixeira hit a sacrifice fly and Alex Rodriguez had an RBI single during a four - run third that put the Yankees up 4 - 0 . Rodriguez hit a solo homer in the fifth off Ivan Nova , who allowed six runs and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Rays scored four times in the fifth to take a 6 - 0 lead . John Jaso had an RBI single and Evan Longoria and Matt Joyce had RBI singles before Aybar hit a three - run homer off Boone Logan . Jake McGee walked Curtis Granderson leading off the sixth , Mark Teixeira singled and Robinson Cano hit an RBI double off Jeremy Hellickson to make it 7 - 7 . Hellickson intentionally walked Lance Berkman before striking out Austin Kearns and getting Curtis to fly out .
DENVER ( AP ) -- Miguel Tejada had a big night at the plate . Tejada had three hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in four runs to lead the San Diego Padres to a 6 - 4 win over the Colorado Rockies on Friday night . Tejada was activated from the 15-day disabled list before the game after being sidelined by a strained left hamstring . He was activated from the disabled list before the game . Troy Tulowitzki hit a three - run homer in San Diego 's four - run fifth inning , and Troy Tulowitzki added a three - run shot in the bottom of the inning to help the Padres win for the fourth time in five games . Salazar 's homer came after David Eckstein flied out to left . Pinch-hitter Oscar Salazar added a solo shot off Franklin Morales in the ninth . Heath Bell pitched the ninth for his 41st save in 44 chances . Miguel Tejada hit a two - run homer in the first off Jeff Francis ( 4 - 5 ) to give the Padres a 2 - 0 lead . The Padres made it 5 - 0 in the fifth when Miguel Tejada hit a two - run single off Joe Beimel and Ryan Ludwick added an RBI single to make it 5 - 0 . The Padres made it 5 - 0 in the fifth when Miguel Tejada hit a two - run single off Joe Beimel and Ryan Ludwick added an RBI single off Joe Beimel . Ernesto Frieri ( 1 - 1 ) got the last out of the fifth for the win . Luebke allowed four runs and 10 hits in 4 2/3 innings . Luebke allowed four runs and 10 hits in 4 2/3 innings .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- Andrew McCutchen was n't sure what to expect . McCutchen hit a three - run double in the ninth inning , and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Cincinnati Reds 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . McCutchen is hitting .275 with three homers and seven RBIs in his last six games . Cordero ( 6 - 5 ) gave up three runs and three hits in one inning . The Pirates loaded the bases with one out in the ninth against Cordero ( 6 - 5 ) on a walk to John Bowker , a single by Ryan Doumit and a single by pinch-hitter Garrett Jones . Jose Tabata grounded into a fielder 's choice , loading the bases , and McCutchen hit a 1 - 2 pitch into the gap in left-center for a three - run double . Cordero ( 6 - 5 ) , who had been on the disabled list with a sore right shoulder , was activated from the disabled list before the game . The Reds loaded the bases with two outs in the ninth against Joel Hanrahan on a single by Miguel Cairo and a walk to Drew Stubbs . Hanrahan then struck out Chris Heisey for his fifth save in seven chances . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . Reds starter Johnny Cueto gave up one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Pirates starter Brian Burres gave up one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . Orlando Cabrera led off the fourth with a double and scored on Votto 's double into the left field corner . The Reds had runners on first and second with no outs in the fourth , but Jonny Gomes lined into a double play and Miguel Cairo flied out to end the inning . Orlando Cabrera led off the fourth with a double and scored on Votto 's double .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- The Atlanta Braves finally found a way to win . Chris Carpenter hit a two - run homer in Atlanta 's six - run sixth inning , and the Braves beat the St. Louis Cardinals 8 - 6 on Wednesday night . The Braves , who have the worst record in the majors , have won six of their last seven games . Holliday had two hits and drove in three runs , including a two - run homer in the seventh that gave the Cardinals a 6 - 4 lead . Carpenter ( 15 - 6 ) gave up eight runs , six earned , and eight hits in five - plus innings . He struck out four and walked none . Billy Wagner pitched a perfect ninth for his 33rd save in 35 chances . Carpenter ( 15 - 6 ) gave up eight runs , six earned , and eight hits in five - plus innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . The Cardinals cut the lead to 8 - 6 in the seventh against Jonny Venters . Brendan Ryan led off with a single and Tyler Greene reached on Prado 's throwing error at third base . Ryan scored on a wild pitch by Jonny Venters and Holliday 's RBI single made it 8 - 6 . McLouth tied it in the bottom of the second with a drive into the left-field seats . Holliday 's two - run homer in the third off Mike Minor gave the Cardinals a 3 - 1 lead . Carpenter 's homer made it 4 - 1 in the fourth . The Braves cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the fourth when Martin Prado doubled and scored on McCann 's single .
SAN DIEGO -- The last time Mat Latos struck out at least 10 in a game , he did n't walk a batter . Latos struck out 10 in seven strong innings to lead the San Diego Padres to a 2 - 1 win over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Wednesday night . Latos ( 14 - 5 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings , walked none and threw 76 of his 113 pitches for strikes . Clayton Kershaw ( 11 - 10 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings , struck out six and walked one . He was pulled after giving up a two - out double to Scott Podsednik and an RBI single to Rafael Furcal in the sixth . San Diego manager Bud Black was impressed with Latos ' performance . Mike Adams retired pinch-hitter Jay Gibbons on a fly to center and Rafael Furcal walked before Bell struck out James Loney to end the eighth . Bell pitched the ninth for his 39th save in 44 chances . Kershaw ( 11 - 10 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings , struck out six and walked one . The Dodgers have lost four straight and six of seven . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Adrian Gonzalez singled , took second on Miguel Tejada 's single and scored on Aaron Cunningham 's sacrifice fly . Chris Denorfia led off the third with a single , advanced on David Eckstein 's sacrifice bunt and scored on Gonzalez 's double into the right-field corner . The Dodgers pulled to 2 - 1 in the sixth when Scott Podsednik doubled with two outs and scored on Rafael Furcal 's single .
PHILADELPHIA -- Adalberto Mendez pitched like a rookie in the majors . Mendez pitched six innings of one - hit ball to earn his first major league victory , and the Florida Marlins beat the Philadelphia Phillies 7 - 1 on Wednesday night . Mendez ( 1 - 0 ) struck out six and walked two . Giancarlo Stanton had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Dan Uggla had three hits and three RBIs for the Marlins , who have won four of five . Ryan Howard led off the bottom of the ninth with a double off Jose Ceda and scored on Jayson Werth 's single . Raul Ibanez walked to load the bases , but Clay Hensley got Jimmy Rollins to ground out to end the game . The Phillies have lost five of six . Vance Worley ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Logan Morrison walked , took second on a wild pitch and scored on Dan Uggla 's two - out single . Tracy led off the second with a solo shot to left for a 2 - 0 lead . Tracy made it 2 - 0 in the second when he lined a 2 - 1 pitch into the seats in right for his eighth homer of the season . Tracy led off the second with a drive to left for a 2 - 0 lead . It was his fifth of the season and second in two games . The Marlins had a runner on third with one out in the fourth , but Emilio Bonifacio grounded out to end the inning . Stanton hit a two - run homer off Chad Durbin in the eighth .
BOSTON -- Jon Lester was n't going to let the game get away . Lester struck out a season-high 10 in six innings , and the Boston Red Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays 12 - 5 on Wednesday night . Lester ( 16 - 8 ) allowed two runs and four hits , lowering his ERA to 3.26 . David Ortiz and Adrian Beltre hit consecutive homers in the first off Jeff Niemann ( 10 - 6 ) , who gave up six runs on four hits and three walks in 1 2/3 innings . The Red Sox scored three runs in the second on Victor Martinez 's two - run single and Ortiz 's RBI double . Niemann ( 10 - 6 ) gave up six runs on four hits and three walks , striking out four in 1 2/3 innings . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when B. J. Upton singled , stole second and scored on Carl Crawford 's single . The Red Sox took a 3 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first on a two - run homer by Ortiz and a solo shot by Beltre . Tampa Bay cut it to 6 - 2 in the third on a single by Jason Bartlett , a walk to Carlos Pena and an RBI single by Sean Rodriguez . The Red Sox made it 11 - 2 in the fourth on consecutive singles by Daniel Nava and J. D. Drew and a bases-loaded walk to Jed Lowrie . The Rays loaded the bases with one out against Robert Coello in the seventh on a single by Dan Johnson , a single by pinch-hitter Matt Joyce and a single by Willy Aybar . Lance Cormier replaced Balfour and gave up a sacrifice fly to Yamaico Navarro that made it 11 - 5 . Yamaico Navarro 's sacrifice fly off Grant Balfour made it 11 - 5 in the seventh .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Lyle Overbay has been a big reason why . Overbay hit a tiebreaking , two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the New York Yankees beat the Toronto Blue Jays 7 - 5 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Thames is hitting .303 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last 10 games . Thames hit a two - run homer off Jason Frasor ( 3 - 4 ) in the seventh to give New York a 7 - 5 lead . Overbay has been in a season-long slump , hitting .303 with three homers and six RBIs . Joba Chamberlain ( 2 - 4 ) pitched a perfect seventh for the win . Boone Logan pitched the seventh , and Joba Chamberlain ( 2 - 4 ) got the win . Mariano Rivera pitched the ninth for his 29th save in 31 chances . Lyle Overbay hit a two - run homer and John McDonald added a two - run shot in the second for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Francisco Cervelli doubled and scored on Derek Jeter 's double in the third for the Yankees , who have won four of five . The Yankees scored three times in the fourth to take a 5 - 3 lead . Curtis Granderson led off with a single and Eduardo Nunez reached on a fielder 's choice . Francisco Cervelli doubled and scored on a groundout by Brett Gardner . Jeter walked and Rzepczynski threw a wild pitch that allowed Cervelli to score . The Blue Jays tied it at 5 in the fifth on a two - run double by Lyle Overbay . Rzepczynski gave up five runs and six hits in four innings .
SEATTLE -- Luke French has been one of the best pitchers in the American League . French pitched one - hit ball for seven shutout innings , and the Seattle Mariners beat the Cleveland Indians 1 - 0 on Wednesday night . French ( 4 - 4 ) struck out four and walked three . David Aardsma worked the ninth for his 27th save in 31 chances . Roberto Hernandez ( 11 - 14 ) gave up one run and four hits in eight innings . He walked five and struck out six . The Indians have lost five of their last six games . Ichiro Suzuki led off the first with a single and Chone Figgins walked . Suzuki scored on Franklin Gutierrez 's single to center . Russell Branyan walked to load the bases , but Hernandez escaped by striking out Jose Lopez and getting Casey Kotchman to ground into a double play . Casey Kotchman singled with one out in the seventh for Cleveland 's only hit off Hernandez . French walked Shin-Soo Choo with one out in the seventh , then gave up a single to Shelley Duncan . Jayson Nix then lined out to shortstop Asdrubal Cabrera , who threw to second for the double play . The Indians threatened in the seventh , putting runners on first and second with one out , but Shelley Duncan was thrown out trying to score on Jayson Nix 's line drive to second baseman Jason Donald , who threw to second for the double play . The Indians threatened in the eighth when Matt LaPorta drew a leadoff walk and was forced at second on Jordan Brown 's bunt attempt . Jason Donald then hit into a double play .
ATLANTA -- Johan Santana was n't going to let the game get away . Santana gave up three hits and one run in five innings to lead the New York Mets to a 4 - 2 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Friday night . Santana ( 11 - 9 ) gave up three hits and one walk with three strikeouts in five innings . Brian McCann had three hits , including a homer off Santana in the second inning . Hisanori Takahashi pitched the ninth for his third save . Tim Hudson ( 15 - 6 ) gave up eight hits and four runs , three earned , in seven innings . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a throwing error by Braves second baseman Omar Infante . Brian McCann led off the second with a homer to left , but the Braves did n't get another runner as far as second base . Wright 's homer made it 3 - 1 in the sixth . The Mets pushed the lead to 4 - 1 in the seventh . Luis Castillo singled with one out and scored on Carlos Beltran 's fielder 's choice grounder . The Braves cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the eighth . Melky Cabrera led off with a single off Bobby Parnell and moved to third on pinch-hitter Brooks Conrad 's flyout to the warning track in right . Parnell then struck out Omar Infante and got Brooks Conrad to pop out before walking Jason Heyward . Prado 's RBI single cut it to 4 - 2 , but Lee flied out to end the inning .
DENVER -- Chase Utley had a big night at the plate . Utley hit a grand slam to cap a seven - run seventh inning and the Philadelphia Phillies rallied for a 12 - 11 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Friday night . The NL East-leading Phillies won for the fifth time in six games and remained two games ahead of second-place Atlanta in the NL East . Utley hit a two - run homer off Joe Beimel in a seven - run seventh inning that gave the Phillies a 12 - 7 lead . Utley had a two - run homer among his three hits and drove in six runs . Brad Lidge pitched the ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . He allowed an unearned run on Troy Tulowitzki 's fielder 's choice , then walked Todd Helton to load the bases before striking out Clint Barmes and getting Ryan Spilborghs to ground into a fielder 's choice . Antonio Bastardo ( 1 - 0 ) got the win despite allowing one run and four hits in one inning . Brad Lidge gave up an unearned run in the ninth but held on for his 19th save in 21 chances . He struck out Clint Barmes and got Ryan Spilborghs to ground into a game-ending fielder 's choice . The Rockies had a season-high 20 hits . Iannetta hit a three - run homer in the second and Fowler added a solo shot in the second to make it 4 - 0 . The Phillies got a run back in the fourth on consecutive two - out singles by Jayson Werth and Ibanez . Gonzalez led off the bottom of the fifth with a homer to left . Troy Tulowitzki walked and Melvin Mora singled to put runners on first and third with one out . Matt Belisle came in and gave up an RBI single to Seth Smith to make it 6 - 3 . But Jimmy Rollins grounded into a double play to end the inning . The Rockies scored three times off Chad Durbin in the seventh to make it 12 - 10 .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- The Minnesota Twins have been in first place in the AL Central since the All-Star break . Danny Valencia singled home the winning run in the 10th inning to lift the Twins to a 2 - 1 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Friday night . The Twins have won six of their last seven games , including three of their last four games . Jesse Crain gave up a leadoff single to Austin Jackson in the eighth and was replaced by Matt Guerrier , who gave up a single to Austin Jackson and walked Miguel Cabrera with two outs . Jhonny Peralta followed with an RBI single to tie the game . Michael Cuddyer led off the 10th with a single off Ryan Perry ( 2 - 5 ) and stole second . Delmon Young struck out and Valencia lined a 3 - 2 pitch to right field to score Cuddyer . Jon Rauch ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 10th for the win . The Tigers have lost five of their last six games . The Twins had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth , but Scherzer got Joe Mauer to fly out to end the game . Jesse Crain gave up a leadoff single to Austin Jackson in the eighth and was replaced by Randy Flores . After Ryan Raburn struck out , Miguel Cabrera walked to load the bases for Peralta , who singled to right to tie it . Scherzer struck out nine and allowed four hits and one walk while throwing 76 of 106 pitches for strikes . Delmon Young doubled to lead off the bottom of the fifth and scored on Morales ' sacrifice fly to give the Twins a 1 - 0 lead . Liriano allowed five hits and struck out seven in seven innings .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- C. J. Wilson is making the most of his opportunity . Wilson pitched two - hit ball into the seventh inning , Michael Young hit a three - run homer and the Texas Rangers beat the Tampa Bay Rays 6 - 0 on Wednesday night . Wilson ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two hits over 6 1/3 innings , striking out seven and walking two . Young 's three - run homer off James Shields ( 0 - 1 ) in the fifth gave the Rangers a 5 - 0 lead . He also had an RBI single in the third . Shields ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and four hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out two , walked none and hit a batter . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Matt Treanor was hit by a pitch , took second on a groundout by Elvis Andrus and scored on a wild pitch by Shields . Ian Kinsler put the Rangers up 2 - 0 in the fourth with his first homer of the season , a two - run shot that put the Rangers up 2 - 0 . Ian Kinsler put the Rangers up 2 - 0 with a two - run homer off Chad Qualls in the fourth . Wilson struck out B. J. Upton to start the fourth , then retired Evan Longoria and Ben Zobrist on fly balls . The Rays threatened in the seventh , loading the bases with no outs on a walk to Ben Zobrist , a double by Willy Aybar and a two - out walk to Dan Johnson . Darren O'Day came in and struck out pinch hitter Matt Joyce , then walked pinch hitter Dan Johnson to load the bases . Tampa Bay manager Joe Maddon was ejected by plate umpire Bill Miller for arguing a called third strike on the outside corner . Texas manager Ron Washington said he was n't sure whether he 'd be able to play the rest of the season . The Rangers have won six of their last seven games .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have n't had a winning record since the All-Star break . Chad Billingsley took a shutout into the eighth inning , and the Dodgers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 3 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Dodgers have won seven of their last 10 games , and their magic number for clinching the NL West remained at four . Billingsley ( 12 - 11 ) gave up two runs and four hits in 7 1/3 innings , struck out nine and walked one . The right-hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in his last four starts . The Diamondbacks scored twice in the eighth on an RBI single by Stephen Drew and a sacrifice fly by Tony Abreu . Ramon Troncoso struck out Kelly Johnson to end the inning . Kenley Jansen struck out the side in the ninth for his fourth save in four attempts . Joe Saunders ( 9 - 17 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and 10 hits in seven innings , struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the second time in his last four starts . Kemp hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Dodgers a 2 - 0 lead . Rod Barajas reached on an error by center fielder Chris Young with one out in the sixth and scored on Reed Johnson 's sacrifice fly . The Dodgers extended their lead to 3 - 0 in the sixth when Rod Barajas reached on a one - out error by center fielder Chris Young and scored on Reed Johnson 's sacrifice fly . Andre Ethier had a career-high four hits for the Dodgers , including a single in the first . Kemp hit a two - run homer in the fifth after Andre Ethier singled with two outs .
BOSTON ( AP ) -- The Boston Red Sox had a chance to win the game . Eric Patterson singled home the winning run in the bottom of the 10th inning to give the Red Sox a 7 - 6 win over the New York Yankees on Wednesday night . The Red Sox won for the 10th time in 12 games and moved within one game of first-place Tampa Bay in the AL East . New York lost for the fourth time in five games . Bill Hall led off the 10th with a double off Ivan Nova ( 1 - 2 ) and moved to third on Kevin Cash 's sacrifice . Patterson followed with a single to right . Robert Manuel ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win . Curtis Granderson walked to lead off the 10th and advanced to third on Mark Teixeira 's grounder to third . Robinson Cano was intentionally walked before Jorge Posada fouled out to end the inning . Robinson Cano singled off Scott Atchison with one out in the seventh and advanced to second on a wild pitch . After Austin Kearns popped out , Francisco Cervelli hit an RBI single and Berkman scored on a wild pitch by Hideki Okajima to make it 6 - 4 . The Red Sox tied it in the eighth on an RBI single by Daniel Nava and a bases-loaded walk to Kevin Cash . New York starter A. J. Burnett gave up four runs -- two earned -- and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Brett Gardner led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch . He scored on Lance Berkman 's bases-loaded walk . New York added two runs in the second . Francisco Cervelli and Eduardo Nunez led off with consecutive walks , and Cervelli scored on Gardner 's groundout . Nunez scored on Curtis Granderson 's sacrifice fly . Cervelli 's sacrifice fly made it 4 - 1 in the third . The Red Sox cut it to 4 - 3 in the fourth on a double by Daniel Nava and a throwing error by catcher Kevin Cash that allowed Reddick to reach base .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Diego Padres have been waiting all season long enough to keep their playoff hopes alive . Pinch-hitter Aaron Rowand hit a tying two - run homer in the sixth inning and Clayton Richard pitched into the sixth inning to lead the Padres to a 6 - 4 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Friday night . The Padres won for the 10th time in 12 games and remained two games ahead of St. Louis in the NL West . Richard ( 14 - 9 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out one . Matt Cain ( 13 - 11 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in four - plus innings . He walked one and struck out four . Gonzalez hit a two - out , three - run homer in the third to give San Diego a 4 - 0 lead . The Padres added a run in the fifth on consecutive singles by David Eckstein and Miguel Tejada and a wild pitch by Dan Runzler that allowed Eckstein to score and make it 6 - 0 . Aaron Rowand hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Giants , who lost for the fourth time in five games . Pinch-hitter Mike Fontenot singled off Mike Adams to start the eighth and was replaced by pinch hitter Mike Fontenot . Pinch-hitter Pablo Sandoval flied out to center and pinch-hitter Pablo Sandoval flied out before Bell got pinch-hitter Pablo Sandoval to fly out . Bell got the final four outs for his major league-leading 46th save in 48 chances . Ludwick gave the Padres a 1 - 0 lead when he led off the second with his 21st home run of the season . Gonzalez hit a two - out , three - run homer in the third to give San Diego a 4 - 0 lead .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- Edwin Encarnacion was n't sure what to expect . Encarnacion hit a three - run homer in the eighth inning and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Minnesota Twins 6 - 3 on Friday night . Encarnacion hit a two - out , three - run homer off Jesse Crain ( 1 - 1 ) in the eighth inning to give Toronto a 6 - 2 lead . Encarnacion went 3 - for - 4 with a homer and four RBIs . Crain ( 1 - 1 ) gave up a leadoff walk to Vernon Wells and a single to Lyle Overbay before striking out Aaron Hill . Wells advanced to third on Adam Lind 's flyout to left and scored on Buck 's single to center . Romero ( 14 - 9 ) gave up two runs on six hits with five strikeouts and no walks in eight innings . Jason Kubel had three hits for the Twins , including a single to put runners on first and third with two outs in the ninth . Kevin Gregg came in and got Danny Valencia to foul out for his 37th save . Minnesota 's Carl Pavano gave up two runs -- one earned -- and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked one . Joe Mauer 's RBI single gave the Twins a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth . Delmon Young homered for the Twins in the second inning for the Twins , who have lost six of their last seven games . The Blue Jays tied it in the fifth when Lind doubled and scored on Edwin Encarnacion 's single to tie it at 1 . The Blue Jays tied it in the seventh when John Buck led off with a single and Edwin Encarnacion followed with a single . Travis Snider reached on an error by second baseman Nick Punto , loading the bases with no outs . Buck scored when Yunel Escobar grounded into a double play .
NEW YORK -- For the first time in more than a month , the New York Yankees are on a roll . Derek Jeter drove in the go-ahead run with a sacrifice fly in a three - run second inning , and New York beat the Toronto Blue Jays 5 - 4 Sunday for a three - game sweep . The Yankees won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . A. J. Burnett ( 4 - 1 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Mariano Rivera worked the ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . Kyle Drabek ( 2 - 1 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 2 1/3 innings . Adam Lind had two hits and drove in a run for the Blue Jays , who lost for the fifth time in six games . Rajai Davis tripled and scored on Yunel Escobar 's groundout in the first for Toronto . Nick Swisher led off the bottom half with a single and Eric Chavez walked before Jorge Posada grounded into a fielder 's choice . Russell Martin followed with an RBI single , and Derek Jeter hit a sacrifice fly . Juan Rivera followed with a drive to the warning track in right-center that was caught by left fielder Juan Rivera . The Yankees made it 5 - 2 in the bottom half . Robinson Cano led off with a single and scored on Eric Chavez 's one - out single . Drabek walked Posada and Drabek loaded the bases with one out . Jason Frasor came on and got Jeter to fly out to right . The Blue Jays cut it to 5 - 4 in the sixth on a sacrifice fly by David Cooper . Adam Lind singled to start the inning and Juan Rivera followed with a double . Lind scored on Cooper 's sacrifice fly .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- The Kansas City Royals have been waiting all season long enough to keep their winning streak going . The Royals scored the go-ahead run on a throwing error by catcher Drew Butera in the eighth inning , and the Royals rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . The Royals , who have won six of their last seven games , have won four of their last five series . Danny Valencia had a two - run double in the sixth inning for the Twins , who have won three of four . Wilson Betemit doubled with one out in the eighth off Alex Burnett ( 0 - 1 ) and advanced to third on Kila Ka'aihue 's single to right . Betemit scored when catcher Drew Butera threw the ball into left field for an error , and Escobar hit a sacrifice fly off Louis Coleman . Joakim Soria worked a perfect ninth for his sixth save in seven opportunities . The Twins have lost five of their last six games . Hughes gave the Twins a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when he homered to left on a 2 - 0 pitch from Bruce Chen . The Royals tied it in the fifth when Melky Cabrera singled with two outs and scored on Alex Gordon 's triple . The Twins finally broke through in the sixth . Jason Kubel and Justin Morneau singled to start the inning , and Valencia followed with a double off the wall in left to score Kubel and Morneau . Burnett walked Alex Gordon with two outs , but got Billy Butler to ground out to end the inning . Chen allowed three runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Matt Wieters had a big night at the plate . Wieters hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Chicago White Sox 10 - 4 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight victory . Wieters had a two - run double and a two - run double . Luke Scott and Luke Scott also homered for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Jake Arrieta ( 3 - 1 ) gave up three runs and five hits in five innings for the win . John Danks ( 0 - 4 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . The White Sox cut the lead to 5 - 4 in the sixth on a solo homer by Brent Lillibridge . The White Sox scored three runs in the second . Adam Dunn drew a leadoff walk and scored on Pierzynski 's first homer of the season . Mark Teahen doubled and scored on Juan Pierre 's single to make it 3 - 0 . The Orioles got two runs back in the third on Roberts ' RBI single and Lee 's RBI single . Scott tied it at 3 in the fourth with his second homer of the season , a drive to left that tied it at 3 . Lillibridge , who had been 0 - for - 7 in his career against Danks , hit a solo homer in the sixth to cut it to 5 - 4 . The Orioles added four runs in the seventh against Jesse Crain . Nick Markakis drew a leadoff walk from Crain , and Luke Scott walked with two outs before Mark Reynolds drew a four - pitch walk to force in a run . Wieters followed with a two - run double and Brian Roberts added a two - run double .
DETROIT -- The Seattle Mariners have been waiting all season long enough to keep their winning streak alive . Miguel Olivo homered and Chone Figgins had two hits , including an RBI double in the ninth inning that sent Seattle to a 7 - 2 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . The Mariners have won four of their last five games . Pineda ( 4 - 1 ) gave up two runs and four hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out nine . Brad Penny ( 1 - 3 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Tigers have lost five of their last six games . Pineda gave up a one - out double to Brennan Boesch in the second , moved up on a wild pitch and then walked Ryan Raburn to load the bases . Alex Avila followed with a two - run double . Michael Saunders led off the third with a single , and Jack Wilson followed with a single . Ichiro Suzuki followed with a double to the gap in left-center , and Chone Figgins hit a grounder to the right of the mound . The Mariners took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth when Miguel Olivo led off with a single and scored on Justin Smoak 's double . Olivo led off the sixth with a homer off Ryan Perry , who was making his major league debut . Pineda gave up two runs and four hits in six - plus innings , walking three and striking out a season-high nine . Alex Avila hit a two - run single for Detroit in the sixth . Pineda was replaced by Ryan Perry , who gave up a walk to Miguel Cabrera to start the bottom of the sixth . Cabrera moved to second on a wild pitch , but Pineda struck out Brennan Boesch and Alex Avila .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- The Cleveland Indians are making a habit of winning . Orlando Cabrera hit a three - run double and the Indians beat the Kansas City Royals 7 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight win . The Indians have won four of their last five games . Orlando Cabrera 's three - run double highlighted Cleveland 's five - run first inning off Jeff Francis ( 0 - 3 ) . Josh Tomlin ( 4 - 0 ) allowed two runs and five hits over six innings to win his fourth straight start . Jeff Francis ( 0 - 3 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and 10 hits in three - plus innings . The Indians scored five runs in the first off Francis ( 0 - 3 ) . Jeff Francoeur led off the second with a homer and Mike Aviles added a solo shot . The Indians added a run in the third when Austin Kearns singled , took third on a throwing error by first baseman Alex Gordon and scored on Lou Marson 's sacrifice fly . The Indians added a run in the third when Austin Kearns singled , took third on a throwing error by first baseman Alex Gordon and scored on Lou Marson 's sacrifice fly . The Indians added a run in the sixth when Grady Sizemore scored on Pena 's passed ball . Rafael Perez got the first two outs of the eighth and Joe Smith gave up a two - out single to Jeff Francoeur before striking out Wilson Betemit .
ARLINGTON , Texas ( AP ) -- The Texas Rangers are starting to look like a team that has the best record in the American League . Mike Napoli hit a two - run double in Texas ' six - run third inning , and the Rangers beat the Toronto Blue Jays 7 - 6 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Rangers , who have the best record in the American League , have won six of their last eight games . Jose Bautista hit a two - run double in a six - run fourth inning for the Blue Jays , who lost for the fourth time in five games . Moreland 's tiebreaking homer in the seventh off Octavio Dotel ( 1 - 1 ) gave the Blue Jays a 6 - 6 lead . Darren Oliver pitched the ninth for his second save in three chances . The Rangers scored six runs in the third off Cody Eppley ( 1 - 0 ) , who gave up six unearned runs in 2 2/3 innings . Juan Rivera hit a two - run homer and Jose Bautista had a two - run double for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with one out in the third on a single by Corey Patterson , a walk to Mike McCoy and a walk to Bautista . Patterson scored on Adam Lind 's sacrifice fly and Juan Rivera added an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Adam Lind and an RBI single by Juan Rivera . The Blue Jays tied it in the fourth on Mike McCoy 's RBI single and Jose Bautista 's two - run double . Juan Rivera hit a two - out homer in the seventh for Toronto .
ARLINGTON , Adam Lind is starting to feel comfortable at the plate . Lind homered twice and drove in five runs , and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Texas Rangers 10 - 3 on Wednesday night . Lind went 3 - for - 5 with five RBIs in his return to the lineup after missing two games because of a sore left knee . Lind hit a three - run homer off Brett Tomko in the fourth to put Toronto up 10 - 3 . Jesse Litsch ( 2 - 1 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings . Matt Harrison ( 3 - 2 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in three innings , his shortest outing of the season . The left-hander walked three and struck out one . The Blue Jays jumped on Harrison for five runs in the first . David Murphy had a two - out double and scored on Yorvit Torrealba 's single before Julio Borbon drove in two runs with a single . Lind led off the third with his second homer of the season , and Snider added an RBI single to make it 7 - 3 . Lind hit a three - run homer in the fourth off Brett Tomko , who gave up three runs and three hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked two . Yorvit Torrealba had three hits for Texas , including an RBI double in the sixth that made it 10 - 3 . Chris Davis led off the Texas ninth with a double off Shawn Camp and scored on Julio Borbon 's single .
ARLINGTON , Corey Patterson is starting to feel comfortable at the plate . Patterson homered and drove in three runs , and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Texas Rangers 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Corey Patterson hit a three - run homer in Toronto 's five - run fifth inning , and Jose Bautista and Juan Rivera also went deep for the Blue Jays , who have won six of their last seven games . Patterson went 2 - for - 4 with a homer and three RBIs . Kyle Drabek ( 2 - 0 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked two . Jon Rauch gave up a leadoff homer to Nelson Cruz in the ninth before finishing for his fourth save in four chances . Colby Lewis ( 1 - 3 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in five innings . The right-hander struck out three and walked four . The Blue Jays had gone ahead in the fifth when Patterson hit a three - run homer and Bautista had a two - run shot that made it 6 - 0 . Yorvit Torrealba had a solo homer in the fifth for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Rangers center fielder Julio Borbon left the game in the sixth after being hit in the head by a pitch from Drabek . X-rays were negative and he is day to day . Rangers center fielder Julio Borbon left the game in the sixth inning after being hit in the back of the head by a pitch from Drabek . X-rays were negative and he is day to day . Michael Young had an RBI double for Texas in the eighth , but Jason Frasor got Adrian Beltre to fly out to end the inning . Michael Young had a two - out double in the eighth before Adrian Beltre flied out to end the game .
MIAMI -- Giancarlo Stanton has been one of the few bright spots this season . Stanton hit a three - run homer in the eighth inning , and the Florida Marlins rallied to beat the Colorado Rockies 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Rockies trailed 3 - 1 in the eighth when pinch-hitter Ty Wigginton led off with a single against Clay Hensley and scored on a sacrifice fly by Carlos Gonzalez . Troy Tulowitzki followed with a tying double , and Mike Dunn ( 1 - 0 ) walked Jason Giambi to load the bases before striking out Seth Smith to end the inning . Matt Reynolds struck out Chris Coghlan to start the eighth , and Matt Belisle ( 2 - 1 ) came on to strike out Hanley Ramirez . After a walk to Gaby Sanchez , Stanton hit a 1 - 0 pitch into the left-field seats to make it 6 - 3 . It was Stanton 's second homer in two games . Mike Dunn ( 1 - 0 ) struck out Seth Smith with runners at the corners to end the eighth . Juan Carlos Oviedo pitched a perfect ninth for his sixth save in as many chances . Omar Infante had three RBIs for the Marlins , including a three - run triple in the fifth that made it 3 - 0 . Rockies starter Ubaldo Jimenez allowed three runs and one hit in five innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Omar Infante had two hits and three RBIs for the Marlins , including a three - run triple in the fifth that made it 3 - 0 . The Rockies scored in the sixth when Dexter Fowler doubled and scored on a double by Jonathan Herrera . Jimenez allowed three runs and one hit in five innings . He struck out seven and walked four .
BALTIMORE -- The New York Yankees finally found a way to win . Russell Martin singled in the go-ahead run in the 11th inning , Derek Jeter had four hits and the Yankees beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 3 on Tuesday night to end a four - game losing streak . New York has won four of its last five games . The Orioles trailed 3 - 2 in the ninth when Brian Roberts hit a two - out RBI double off Mariano Rivera . Robinson Cano led off the 11th with a double off Jason Berken ( 0 - 1 ) and scored on a single by Derek Jeter , who had four hits . Boone Logan ( 1 - 1 ) worked 1 1/3 innings of relief to earn his first major league win . The Orioles took a 3 - 2 lead in the ninth when Brian Roberts hit a two - out RBI double off Mariano Rivera . New York went up 2 - 0 in the first inning when Curtis Granderson hit a two - run homer and Alex Rodriguez had an RBI groundout . Baltimore made it 3 - 0 in the fifth when Curtis Granderson doubled and scored on a fielder 's choice by Alex Rodriguez . Reynolds hit a two - run homer off Joba Chamberlain in the seventh to make it 3 - 2 . Arrieta gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked three . Baltimore starter Jake Arrieta struck out nine in six innings , allowing three runs and five hits .
DETROIT -- The Detroit Tigers have been waiting all season long . Alex Avila hit a two - run triple in Detroit 's five - run fourth inning , Ryan Raburn drove in three runs and the Tigers beat the Chicago White Sox 9 - 0 on Tuesday night . The Tigers have won six of their last seven games . Penny ( 1 - 2 ) allowed one hit in seven shutout innings , striking out three and walking two . Edwin Jackson ( 2 - 2 ) gave up eight runs -- seven earned -- and 12 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . The Tigers scored five runs in the fourth . Brennan Boesch led off with a double , moved to third on a wild pitch and scored on Ryan Raburn 's single . Brennan Boesch was intentionally walked to load the bases , Ryan Raburn drove in a run with a sacrifice fly and Jhonny Peralta added an RBI single to make it 8 - 0 . Raburn 's RBI single off Jeff Gray made it 9 - 0 in the eighth . The White Sox threatened in the eighth , putting runners on first and second with no outs , but Perry struck out Mark Teahen and Carlos Quentin . The White Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the ninth , but Ryan Perry struck out Mark Teahen and Carlos Quentin to end the inning . The White Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the ninth , but Brent Morel struck out .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- The Cincinnati Reds had a lot to do with it . Miguel Cairo hit a two - run single during Cincinnati 's four - run first inning , and Mike Leake pitched seven solid innings to lead the Reds to a 7 - 4 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday night . The Reds won for the fourth time in five games . Leake ( 3 - 0 ) gave up four hits and three runs with two walks and six strikeouts in seven innings . Stephen Drew hit a solo homer off Reds closer Francisco Cordero in the ninth , but the Diamondbacks could n't get any closer . The Diamondbacks have lost four of five . Daniel Hudson ( 0 - 4 ) gave up seven runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . Brandon Phillips singled with one out in the first and scored on Jay Bruce 's bases-loaded walk . Miguel Cairo followed with a two - run single , and Ramon Hernandez was hit by a pitch to load the bases for Miguel Cairo , who drove in two runs with a single . Leake walked Kelly Johnson on four pitches to load the bases with two outs in the second , but Ryan Roberts grounded out to end the threat . Votto 's fifth homer of the season made it 5 - 3 in the fifth . Votto hit a solo homer in the fifth off Hudson , who gave up seven runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Reds made it 7 - 3 in the sixth . Miguel Cairo drew a one - out walk and scored on Ramon Hernandez 's double . Janish followed with a single off Sam Demel , making it 7 - 3 .
MIAMI ( AP ) -- Ricky Nolasco has been one of the best pitchers in the majors . Nolasco struck out eight in seven shutout innings , and the Florida Marlins beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 6 - 0 on Wednesday night . Nolasco ( 2 - 0 ) allowed four hits and one walk . Chris Coghlan drove in three runs and Emilio Bonifacio had two hits and an RBI for the Marlins , who scored four runs in the second off Charlie Morton ( 2 - 1 ) . Morton ( 2 - 1 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked three . The Pirates , who have the worst record in the majors , have lost five of their past six games . The Marlins scored four runs in the second . Coghlan hit a two - out , two - run single , and Hanley Ramirez added an RBI single to make it 4 - 0 . It was the first time this season the Marlins scored more than three runs in a game . The Marlins scored four runs in the third off Morton . Greg Dobbs led off with a single and Giancarlo Stanton walked . Both runners moved up on a wild pitch and scored on a single by Emilio Bonifacio . Florida 's Giancarlo Stanton led off the fifth with a double , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Nolasco walked Pedro Alvarez with two out in the seventh , but Snyder was thrown out trying to steal second .
NEW YORK -- Wandy Rodriguez 's first win of the season was a memorable one . Rodriguez allowed three hits over seven innings and the Houston Astros beat the New York Mets 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) struck out seven and walked three . Carlos Beltran hit a leadoff homer in the seventh for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Angel Sanchez hit a two - run single off Ryota Igarashi in the eighth , and Angel Sanchez added a two - run single in the eighth . Jonathon Niese ( 0 - 3 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out three . Michael Bourn led off the game with a single and scored on Carlos Lee 's single . The Astros made it 2 - 0 in the fourth . Brett Wallace led off with a single and scored on J. R. Towles ' double down the right-field line . The Astros added an unearned run in the seventh . Angel Sanchez walked , took second on a passed ball and scored when Scott Hairston dropped Carlos Lee 's fly ball for an error that allowed Angel Sanchez to score . The Astros added two more runs in the eighth off Ryota Igarashi , who was making his major league debut . Brett Wallace singled with one out and J. R. Towles singled off Ryota Igarashi , who struck out pinch-hitter Joe Inglett . Tim Byrdak relieved Rodriguez and struck out pinch-hitter Chin-lung Hu . Reyes reached on an error by third baseman Chris Johnson leading off the eighth , but Josh Thole struck out and David Wright grounded into a fielder 's choice .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- C. J. Wilson has been a bright spot for the AL West leaders . Wilson pitched seven strong innings , Adrian Beltre hit a three - run homer in the seventh and the Texas Rangers beat the Los Angeles Angels 7 - 1 on Wednesday night . Wilson ( 2 - 0 ) allowed one run and nine hits , struck out nine and walked one . Adrian Beltre hit a three - run homer in the fifth off Ervin Santana ( 0 - 2 ) , who gave up six runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings . The right-hander struck out three and walked two . Santana ( 0 - 2 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits over four innings in his second start of the season . He struck out three and walked two . The Rangers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on Mitch Moreland 's two - out , two - run single that scored Nelson Cruz and David Murphy . Beltre hit a three - run homer in the fifth to make it 6 - 0 . The Angels scored in the seventh when Jeff Mathis singled , took second on a single by Maicer Izturis and scored on a single by Howie Kendrick . Moreland led off the bottom of the eighth with a homer off Jason Bulger . The Rangers loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth on consecutive two - out singles by Nelson Cruz and David Murphy , and a walk to Mike Napoli before Moreland 's two - run single . Ian Kinsler had a two - out double in the third and scored on a single by Elvis Andrus . Kinsler doubled with two outs in the third and scored on a single by Andrus .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- Jay Bruce has been one of the most dangerous hitters in the National League . Bruce hit a solo homer in the eighth inning , and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Cincinnati Reds 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Andrew McCutchen added an RBI single in the eighth , and Jose Tabata also went deep for the Pirates , who have won four of their last five games . McCutchen , who had three hits , drove in the go-ahead run with a bases-loaded single in the eighth . Jose Tabata also homered for the Pirates , who have won six of their last seven games . Joel Hanrahan got the last five outs for his fifth save in five chances , getting Drew Stubbs to fly out with runners on second and third to end it . Andrew McCutchen and Garrett Jones homered for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Jonny Gomes ' solo homer in the second off Jeff Karstens cut it to 4 - 3 . The Reds tied it in the fifth on Cairo 's homer and Scott Rolen 's RBI double . Jay Bruce 's two - out single off Daniel McCutchen made it 5 - 4 . The Pirates tied it in the sixth on Jones ' homer and John Bowker 's pinch-hit double off Jordan Smith . Chris Resop ( 1 - 0 ) got the last out of the seventh for the win . Volquez gave up six runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . Volquez gave up six runs and five hits with six walks and six strikeouts in 5 2/3 innings .
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting all season to celebrate . Adam LaRoche hit a game-ending RBI grounder in the 10th inning , and the Nationals rallied to beat the Milwaukee Brewers 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Nationals have won four of their last five games . Rickie Weeks Jr. hit a solo homer and Carlos Gomez drove in the go-ahead run in the ninth for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Jayson Werth reached on shortstop Yuniesky Betancourt 's second error of the game , stole third and scored on LaRoche 's grounder to third . Chad Gaudin ( 1 - 1 ) pitched the 10th for the win . The Brewers took a 3 - 2 lead in the top of the ninth on Carlos Gomez 's RBI single off Sean Burnett . Mitch Stetter struck out Laynce Nix to start the bottom of the ninth , then walked Ian Desmond . Desmond stole second and advanced to third on Jerry Hairston Jr. 's grounder to third . Alex Cora walked to load the bases , but Danny Espinosa flied out to end the game . Washington starter Tom Gorzelanny allowed two runs and five hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out four . The Brewers trailed 3 - 0 before scoring twice in the fifth . Wil Nieves doubled with one out and Weeks followed with a two - run homer to left . The Nationals took a 3 - 0 lead in the second . LaRoche led off with a walk , Wilson Ramos singled and Michael Morse singled to load the bases . Narveson struck out Ian Desmond , but Jerry Hairston Jr. walked to force in a run and Danny Espinosa 's sacrifice fly made it 3 - 0 . Weeks hit a two - run homer in the fifth to cut it to 3 - 2 .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- The Kansas City Royals are making a habit of turning things around . Bruce Chen took a shutout into the eighth inning , and the Royals beat the Seattle Mariners 5 - 1 on Wednesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Royals have won four of their last five games and have the best record in the American League . Chen ( 2 - 0 ) gave up an unearned run and six hits in eight innings . He walked one and struck out one . Doug Fister ( 0 - 3 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . Gordon 's double scored Alcides Escobar and Melky Cabrera for a 2 - 0 lead in the third inning . Billy Butler added an RBI single for a 3 - 0 lead . Betemit 's homer in the fourth was the only run allowed by Fister . The Royals added a run in the sixth when Kila Ka'aihue singled with one out and advanced to third on Jeff Francoeur 's single . Ka'aihue scored on Wilson Betemit 's sacrifice fly to make it 5 - 0 . Chone Figgins doubled with one out in the eighth and advanced to third on Jeff Francoeur 's single to right . Figgins scored on Adam Kennedy 's sacrifice fly to left , but Miguel Olivo flew out to center to end the inning . Chen said he did n't have his best stuff .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- The St. Louis Cardinals got a big hit from their starting pitcher . Matt Holliday had three hits and drove in three runs , Matt Holliday had three hits and three RBIs and the Cardinals beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 9 - 5 on Friday night . Albert Pujols homered for the second straight game and Matt Kemp added a two - run shot as the Cardinals won for the seventh time in eight games . The Cardinals won for the fourth time in five games . Jaime Garcia ( 2 - 0 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in five innings , struck out two and walked two in his second start of the season . The right-hander was recalled from Triple-A Memphis to make the start . Ryan Franklin gave up a homer to Matt Kemp in the ninth before retiring James Loney on a grounder for the final out . Hiroki Kuroda ( 2 - 1 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked none . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Matt Kemp 's RBI single , but the Dodgers responded with two runs in the bottom half . Holliday led off with a double and scored on Yadier Molina 's single . Berkman scored on Daniel Descalso 's sacrifice fly . The Cardinals extended their lead to 3 - 1 in the third when Colby Rasmus hit a one - out triple and scored on Holliday 's single . The Cardinals extended their lead to 6 - 2 in the fourth on a two - out RBI single by Ryan Theriot . The Cardinals extended their lead to 6 - 3 in the fifth on a two - run double by Holliday and a wild pitch by Lance Cormier that scored Lance Berkman , who had singled . The Cardinals extended their lead to 9 - 3 in the seventh on Holliday 's two - run double and Yadier Molina 's RBI double .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Troy Tulowitzki had a big night at the plate . Tulowitzki homered and drove in three runs to lead the Colorado Rockies to a 5 - 4 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Tulowitzki , who has been in a season-long slump , went 3 - for - 4 with a walk and three RBIs . Troy Tulowitzki hit a go-ahead , three - run homer in the fifth inning and Esmil Rogers ( 2 - 0 ) pitched into the seventh to help the Rockies snap a four - game losing streak . Ryan Spilborghs added a solo shot in the sixth for the Rockies , who have won four of five . Rogers ( 2 - 0 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out two . Huston Street worked a perfect ninth for his sixth save in six chances . Jonathon Niese ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . Daniel Murphy walked with one out in the first and scored on Carlos Beltran 's two - out double . Tulowitzki led off the fourth with a double and scored on Todd Helton 's one - out single . Jose Reyes hit a two - out double in the fourth and scored on Murphy 's double . Spilborghs made it 5 - 3 in the sixth with his second homer of the season . David Wright and Carlos Beltran singled off Felipe Paulino to start the seventh and scored on Angel Pagan 's sacrifice fly .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Kansas City Royals finally found a way to win . Alex Gordon hit a two - run double and Jeff Francoeur added a sacrifice fly in the ninth inning as the Royals beat the Minnesota Twins 10 - 5 on Friday night . The Royals won for the seventh time in nine games and moved a half-game ahead of Detroit in the AL Central . Kyle Davies ( 1 - 1 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in five innings for the win . Jeremy Jeffress pitched the final two innings for his first save . Francisco Liriano ( 0 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in five innings for the loss . The Royals batted around in a six - run fourth inning that included Billy Butler 's RBI single , Jeff Francoeur 's RBI single and Chris Getz 's RBI single . The Twins have lost five of their last six games . The Royals sent 10 batters to the plate in the fourth and scored six runs on five hits and a walk . Jason Kubel and Justin Morneau had RBI singles and Delmon Young had a two - run single to cut the deficit to 6 - 5 . The Royals regained the lead in the sixth when Wilson Betemit drew a leadoff walk and scored on Aviles ' double . Alex Burnett gave up a one - out single to Alcides Escobar and a single to Chris Getz and a single to Melky Cabrera to load the bases with one out in the ninth . Dusty Hughes came in and gave up a two - run double to Alex Gordon and a sacrifice fly to Jeff Francoeur .
PITTSBURGH -- Colorado Rockies manager Jim Tracy is n't worried about his team 's offense . Jose Lopez hit a three - run homer in Colorado 's four - run seventh inning , and the Rockies rallied to beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Rockies won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 0 at PNC Park this season . Chacin ( 2 - 0 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and seven hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out three . Jose Lopez hit a three - run homer in a four - run first inning for the Rockies , who have lost five of six . Michael Crotta ( 0 - 1 ) gave up a two - out single to Dexter Fowler in the seventh and walked three of the four batters he faced to load the bases . Daniel McCutchen came on and walked Seth Smith to force in a run . Huston Street pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save in as many opportunities . Jose Lopez hit a three - run homer in a four - run first inning for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Chacin ( 2 - 0 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and seven hits in six innings , walking two and striking out three . He was lifted after Pedro Alvarez singled and Garrett Jones walked to load the bases with one out in the bottom of the inning . Ronny Cedeno drove in Alvarez with a sacrifice fly . The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the inning on an RBI single by Andrew McCutchen and a two - run double by Lyle Overbay . The Pirates regained the lead in the fourth when James McDonald and Jose Tabata hit consecutive one - out singles , and McDonald scored on Neil Walker 's groundout . McDonald allowed five runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings , walking three and striking out three .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- The Milwaukee Brewers ' bullpen has been a big problem for the Brewers . Casey McGehee hit a go-ahead , two - run homer in the eighth inning and the Brewers rallied for a 6 - 5 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . The Brewers have won five of their last six games , including three of their last four games . Kameron Loe ( 1 - 0 ) got the win with 1 2/3 innings of scoreless relief . Mitch Stetter walked the bases loaded in the seventh to load the bases before getting Tyler Colvin to ground out . Kerry Wood ( 0 - 1 ) gave up a leadoff walk to Yuniesky Betancourt and a sacrifice to Craig Counsell before striking out George Kottaras . Mitch Stetter then walked Geovany Soto to load the bases before Kameron Loe ( 1 - 0 ) got Tyler Colvin to ground out . Cubs starter Casey Coleman gave up four runs and nine hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out two . The Cubs grabbed a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Starlin Castro singled with one out and Marlon Byrd walked before Ramirez lined a two - run double into the right-field corner . Fielder tied it with a two - run homer in the bottom of the first . The Cubs regained the lead in the second . Tyler Colvin led off with a double and scored on Darwin Barney 's single to give the Cubs a 3 - 2 lead . The Brewers tied it in the bottom of the inning when Carlos Gomez led off with a double and scored on a two - run homer by Braun .
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- The Cleveland Indians have been waiting all season to win . Josh Tomlin pitched into the seventh inning , Ryan Langerhans hit a two - run homer in the seventh and the Indians beat the Seattle Mariners 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Indians won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . Tomlin ( 2 - 0 ) allowed three runs and three hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . Chris Perez pitched the ninth for his fourth save in four chances . Erik Bedard ( 0 - 2 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Indians jumped on Bedard for two runs in the first inning . Lou Marson doubled with two outs and scored on a double by Michael Brantley . Asdrubal Cabrera followed with an RBI single . The Indians added an unearned run in the third . Shin-Soo Choo singled , took third on a single by Adam Kennedy and scored when Orlando Cabrera doubled down the right-field line to make it 5 - 0 . Hannahan led off the fourth with his first home run of the season , a solo shot into the right-field seats . Lou Marson walked and Asdrubal Cabrera singled with one out , but Bedard escaped by striking out Shin-Soo Choo and getting Carlos Santana to ground into a fielder 's choice . Justin Smoak hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth for Seattle 's first run . Chone Figgins walked and Adam Kennedy singled to put runners on first and third with no outs . Tomlin struck out Jack Cust before Justin Smoak 's sacrifice fly made it 6 - 1 . Tomlin walked Jack Cust leading off the seventh and Justin Smoak grounded into a fielder 's choice before Langerhans ' two - run homer off Chad Durbin cut the lead to 6 - 3 . Luis Rodriguez flied out before Saunders hit his second homer of the season .
BOSTON -- Russell Martin has been a big reason why . Martin homered twice and drove in four runs to lead the New York Yankees to a 9 - 4 win over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night . Martin is hitting .321 with three homers and seven RBIs in his last six games . Martin hit a three - run homer in the fourth off Clay Buchholz ( 0 - 2 ) , who was making his major league debut after being called up from Triple-A Pawtucket earlier in the day . Eric Chavez had three hits , including an RBI double , and Curtis Granderson added a two - run homer in the fifth for New York . Buchholz ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . Dustin Pedroia had three hits , including a two - run double in the fourth that made it 5 - 4 . Granderson 's homer made it 7 - 4 in the fifth . Alex Rodriguez reached on shortstop Jed Lowrie 's fielding error leading off the second and moved to third on Robinson Cano 's double . Rodriguez scored on Nick Swisher 's groundout and Cano scored on Eric Chavez 's double to make it 2 - 0 . The Red Sox cut it to 2 - 1 in the third when Pedroia led off with a double and scored on Youkilis ' groundout . The Yankees made it 5 - 1 in the fourth when Curtis Granderson walked , Chavez doubled and Martin drove a 1 - 1 pitch into the seats above the Green Monster . Boston cut it to 5 - 4 in the fourth on a run-scoring fielder 's choice by Jacoby Ellsbury and Pedroia 's two - run double .
SAN DIEGO -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have n't had a winning record so far this season . Tony Gwynn Jr. drove in the go-ahead run with a two - out single in the 11th inning , and the Dodgers beat the San Diego Padres 4 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Dodgers won for the fourth time in five games . Matt Kemp led off the top of the ninth with a single off Heath Bell , who then got Juan Uribe to ground into a double play . James Loney singled and Xavier Paul singled to put runners on first and second , but Rod Barajas grounded into a force play to end the inning . Juan Uribe led off the 11th with a double against Ernesto Frieri ( 0 - 1 ) and pinch-hitter Aaron Miles was hit by a pitch with one out . After Rod Barajas struck out , Gwynn drove in Uribe with a single to right . Miles scored on a wild pitch by Pat Neshek . Jonathan Broxton pitched the 11th for his fourth save in four chances . Matt Kemp led off the ninth with a single off Bell , but Juan Uribe grounded into a double play . James Loney singled and Xavier Paul singled to put runners on first and second before Rod Barajas grounded out to end the game . The Padres , who had won four of their previous five games , took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth . Casey Blake walked to lead off the fourth , Matt Kemp walked and Blake scored when catcher Nick Hundley 's throw to third bounced off the glove of first baseman James Loney for an error . The Padres tied it in the fifth on Orlando Hudson 's RBI single and Ryan Ludwick 's RBI groundout . The Dodgers tied it in the sixth against Chad Qualls . Casey Blake singled with one out and took third on Andre Ethier 's single . Matt Kemp tied the game at 2 with an RBI single . Lilly allowed two runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings , struck out three and walked two .
MIAMI -- Adam LaRoche 's first home run of the season was a big one . LaRoche hit a two - run homer in the 11th inning to lift the Washington Nationals to a 5 - 3 victory over the Florida Marlins on Friday night . The Marlins , who have the worst record in the majors , lost for the fifth time in six games . Ryan Zimmerman singled with one out in the 11th off Edward Mujica ( 1 - 1 ) and LaRoche followed with his first homer of the season , a two - run shot to left . LaRoche 's homer was his first at home this season . Sean Burnett pitched the 11th for his second save in as many chances . The Marlins , who have the worst record in the majors , lost for the fifth time in six games . The Marlins scored twice in the first off John Lannan , who allowed seven hits and three runs , three earned , in five innings . Jayson Werth hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Nationals , who lost for the fifth time in six games . Adam LaRoche hit a two - run homer for the Nationals , and Ryan Zimmerman singled home a run in the sixth to put Florida ahead 3 - 2 . The Marlins tied the game in the sixth on a single by John Buck , a double by Wes Helms and an RBI groundout by Emilio Bonifacio . Johnson allowed three runs , one earned , in six innings . He struck out six and walked none .
NEW YORK -- A. J. Burnett is making the most of it . Burnett pitched six strong innings for his second win of the season and the New York Yankees beat the Minnesota Twins 4 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight victory . Burnett ( 2 - 0 ) gave up two runs and five hits in his second start since coming off the disabled list , and the Yankees took advantage of three Minnesota errors to score three unearned runs in the fourth . Burnett ( 2 - 0 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings , striking out five and walking two . Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth for his fourth save in four chances . Francisco Liriano ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked three . Nick Swisher hit a sacrifice fly in the third for the Yankees , who have won four of five . The Twins took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth . Justin Morneau led off with a double and scored on Jim Thome 's double . Jason Kubel 's RBI double put Minnesota ahead 2 - 1 . Alex Rodriguez drew a leadoff walk in the fourth and scored on Jones ' one - out double . Cano moved to third on a passed ball and scored on a groundout by Russell Martin . Brett Gardner followed with an RBI single to make it 4 - 2 . The Twins got an unearned run off Chamberlain in the seventh . Alexi Casilla was hit by a pitch with one out , stole second and advanced to third on a throwing error by catcher Russell Martin . Casilla scored on Denard Span 's groundout . The Twins got an unearned run off Rafael Soriano in the seventh . Joe Mauer led off with a single , but Jim Thome popped out and Michael Cuddyer flied out .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- Esmil Rogers did n't have his best stuff . The right-hander pitched 7 1/3 strong innings and the Colorado Rockies beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Rogers ( 1 - 0 ) gave up one run and four hits , striking out seven and walking one . Troy Tulowitzki homered and drove in three runs for the Rockies , who have won four of five . Paul Maholm ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . Maholm was making his second start since being called up from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . The Rockies scored two unearned runs in the first on a throwing error by second baseman Neil Walker . Jose Tabata and Neil Walker singled to open the bottom of the first and scored on Andrew McCutchen 's groundout . Tulowitzki led off the fourth with a homer to left , his fourth of the season and second in as many games . Tulowitzki added an RBI double in the sixth off Chris Resop . The Rockies added two runs in the seventh against Chris Resop . Esmil Rogers , who had two hits , singled with one out and went to second on Dexter Fowler 's single . Spilborghs singled home Rogers and Fowler scored on Carlos Gonzalez 's sacrifice fly off Garrett Olson to make it 7 - 1 . Matt Belisle relieved Rogers and got Jose Tabata to ground into a double play to end the eighth .
MIAMI ( AP ) -- The Florida Marlins are starting to feel good about themselves . The Marlins scored four runs in the fifth inning to beat the Washington Nationals 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Marlins , who have the worst record in the majors , won for the fourth time in five games . John Buck drove in three runs with a bases-loaded triple in the fifth inning , and Chris Coghlan had four hits for the Marlins , who won for the fourth time in five games . Omar Infante and Gaby Sanchez each drove in a run for the Marlins , who trailed 4 - 0 in the sixth . Chris Coghlan doubled off Todd Coffey with one out in the eighth and scored on Gaby Sanchez 's sacrifice fly to make it 7 - 4 . Juan Carlos Oviedo pitched the ninth for his first save , striking out Ryan Zimmerman with the bases loaded to end the game . The Nationals scored three unearned runs in the second off Chris Volstad , who allowed four runs , four hits and four walks in five innings . Ian Desmond had four hits and drove in two runs for the Nationals , who lost for the fourth time in five games . They went ahead 4 - 0 in the fourth when Ivan Rodriguez reached on an error by shortstop Hanley Ramirez , moved to second on Hernandez 's sacrifice and scored on a double by Ian Desmond . The Marlins scored three runs in the fifth to tie the game at 4 . Chris Coghlan hit a one - out double and scored on a double by Hanley Ramirez . Sanchez walked and Logan Morrison walked to load the bases . Hernandez allowed six hits and four runs in five innings . Washington starter Livan Hernandez gave up four runs and six hits in five innings .
MIAMI -- R. A. Dickey 's first major league win was a memorable one . Dickey struck out John Buck with the bases loaded to end the seventh inning , and the New York Mets beat the Florida Marlins 9 - 2 on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one unearned run and five hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out seven . Javier Vazquez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up seven runs , four earned , and six hits in 2 1/3 innings . He was replaced by Edward Mujica , who walked Josh Thole intentionally to load the bases before Edward Mujica came on to face R. A. Dickey , who hit a grounder to third . Harris threw to second to start a double play . Vazquez ( 0 - 1 ) was charged with seven runs , four earned , and six hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out one . Jose Reyes led off the game with a double and scored on Harris ' homer . David Wright walked , Ike Davis singled and Angel Pagan walked to load the bases . Daniel Murphy 's RBI double made it 5 - 0 . Josh Thole was intentionally walked to load the bases . Omar Infante 's sacrifice fly made it 7 - 1 in the third , but Dickey struck out Hanley Ramirez to end the inning . The Mets added two runs in the seventh . Chin-lung Hu reached on an error by reliever Randy Choate and scored on a single by Gaby Sanchez . Chin-lung Hu reached on an error by reliever Randy Choate leading off the eighth , and Jose Reyes followed with a single . Willie Harris hit into a fielder 's choice and Wright was intentionally walked to load the bases . Buchholz then walked Angel Pagan on a 3 - 1 pitch to force in a run , and Scott Hairston hit a run-scoring grounder to make it 9 - 2 . Taylor Buchholz pitched a scoreless ninth for the Mets .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Jeremy Guthrie 's first major league win was a memorable one . Guthrie took a no-hitter into the eighth inning and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Guthrie ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three hits over eight innings , striking out six and walking one . Jim Johnson gave up a leadoff homer to Ben Zobrist in the ninth before striking out Johnny Damon and Evan Longoria and getting Manny Ramirez to ground out . Price ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Rays have lost five of their last six games . Price ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when J. J. Hardy doubled and scored on Nick Markakis ' two - out single . Brian Roberts hit a two - run triple and Nick Markakis added a sacrifice fly in the fifth for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Roberts tripled in two runs in the fifth and scored on Nick Markakis ' sacrifice fly to make it 4 - 0 . The Rays did n't get another baserunner until Ben Zobrist 's two - out single in the sixth . B. J. Upton hit a leadoff double in the eighth and Reid Brignac drew a one - out walk before Jaso flied out to end the inning .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- Brandon Belt is making the most of his opportunity . Belt hit a three - run homer and the Los Angeles Dodgers rallied from a three - run deficit to beat the San Francisco Giants 4 - 3 on Wednesday night . Belt hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning to give the Giants a 3 - 1 lead . It was his first home run since last Sept. 15 , when he hit a three - run homer against San Diego . Belt is hitting .286 with four homers and 11 RBIs in his last 10 games . The Dodgers trailed 3 - 1 in the sixth when Belt drove a 2 - 0 pitch from Jonathan Sanchez ( 0 - 1 ) into the lower seats in the left field corner after a single by Matt Kemp , who had two hits . Chad Billingsley ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings , struck out four and walked one . Jonathan Broxton pitched a perfect ninth for his second save . Jonathan Sanchez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked three . The Giants took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth when Buster Posey led off with a single and Pablo Sandoval singled with one out before Belt hit a 2 - 0 pitch into the lower seats in the left-field corner for his first home run of the season . The Dodgers tied it in the sixth on a sacrifice fly by James Loney and an error by left fielder Marcus Thames that allowed Rod Barajas to score from third base . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Billingsley drew a leadoff walk and went to third on Ivan De Jesus Jr. 's flyout to right . Billingsley scored on Kemp 's double into the right-field corner . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Billingsley drew a leadoff walk and took third on Andre Ethier 's fly out to left . Billingsley scored on Kemp 's double to left .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Adrian Beltre and the rest of the Texas Rangers lineup had a lot to do with it . Beltre homered and drove in three runs , and the Rangers beat the Kansas City Royals 10 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Beltre , who had a career-best three hits , hit a two - run homer in the second inning to help the Rangers snap a four - game losing streak . Josh Hamilton added an RBI double in the sixth , and Nelson Cruz added a two - run homer off Sean O'Sullivan ( 2 - 4 ) in the sixth to give the Rangers a 10 - 0 lead . Matt Harrison ( 5 - 4 ) allowed five hits over six scoreless innings for his first win in three starts . Yoshinori Tateyama worked the final three innings for his first save . Sean O'Sullivan ( 2 - 4 ) gave up a career-high 10 runs and 15 hits in 5 2/3 innings . Beltre 's two - out double in the first inning scored Kinsler and Michael Young for a 2 - 0 lead . Moreland and Chavez led off the second with back-to-back homers for the first time this season . Beltre led off the third with his second homer of the season to make it 6 - 0 . The Rangers added a run in the fifth when Nelson Cruz doubled , took third on a single by Mitch Moreland and scored on a sacrifice fly by Matt Treanor . The Royals loaded the bases with no outs in the seventh , but Tateyama got Alcides Escobar to line out and Alex Gordon to fly out to end the threat .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- Brandon Crawford is making the most of his opportunity . Crawford hit his first career grand slam and drove in four runs to lead the San Francisco Giants to a 5 - 4 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Friday night . Crawford 's slam in the seventh inning off Shaun Marcum ( 6 - 2 ) gave the Giants a 5 - 3 lead . It was his second grand slam of the season and the sixth of his career . It was Crawford 's second grand slam of the season and the second grand slam of his career . Aubrey Huff led off the seventh with a double and went to third on Nate Schierholtz 's single . Miguel Tejada walked to load the bases , and Marco Estrada came on to face Crawford . Lincecum ( 5 - 4 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Brian Wilson pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 15 chances . Shaun Marcum ( 6 - 2 ) gave up five runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Rickie Weeks Jr. hit a two - run homer in the third for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . The Brewers made it 3 - 0 in the fifth when Nyjer Morgan led off with a double , moved to third on Marcum 's sacrifice and scored on Rickie Weeks Jr. 's grounder to second . Corey Hart followed with a single , but Ryan Braun lined into a double play to end the inning . The Giants cut it to 3 - 1 in the sixth when Andres Torres drew a two - out walk , stole second and scored on Freddy Sanchez 's single . Marcum threw a wild pitch that allowed Sanchez to score and put San Francisco up 3 - 1 . Sergio Romo struck out Rickie Weeks Jr. and Corey Hart to start the eighth before walking Braun and Prince Fielder . Javier Lopez came on and gave up an RBI single to Lucroy .
PHILADELPHIA -- Jay Bruce has been one of the most dangerous hitters in the majors . Bruce hit a three - run double in the ninth inning to lift the Cincinnati Reds to a 6 - 3 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Friday night . Bruce has been one of the few bright spots for the slumping slugger , who went 0 for 4 with three strikeouts . Ryan Madson ( 2 - 1 ) gave up three runs and three hits in one inning for the loss . With the score tied at 3 , Drew Stubbs singled with one out in the ninth off Madson ( 2 - 1 ) . Joey Votto was intentionally walked and Scott Rolen singled to load the bases . Bruce then lined a 1 - 1 pitch into the gap in left-center to put the Reds up 6 - 3 . Madson had n't allowed an earned run in his previous 12 appearances . Logan Ondrusek ( 3 - 2 ) got the last out in the eighth to earn the win . Francisco Cordero pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save in 12 chances . Phillies starter Vance Worley gave up three runs and six hits in five innings . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Joey Votto doubled and scored on Scott Rolen 's single . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the second . Ryan Howard led off with a double and scored on Ibanez 's double to right . Ibanez scored on Domonic Brown 's sacrifice fly to put the Phillies up 2 - 1 . The Phillies went ahead 3 - 1 in the fourth when Raul Ibanez singled and scored on Ruiz 's double to right-center .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Nick Blackburn has been one of the best pitchers in the American League . Blackburn took a perfect game into the seventh inning , Brendan Ryan had three hits and the Minnesota Twins beat the Seattle Mariners 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Blackburn ( 4 - 4 ) gave up two runs and seven hits with six strikeouts and no walks in his second complete game of the season . Miguel Olivo hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning for the Mariners , who have lost five of their last six games . Denard Span had three hits , including an RBI double in the seventh that gave the Twins a 4 - 2 lead . Doug Fister ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked none . Miguel Olivo hit a leadoff double in the seventh and advanced to third on Adam Kennedy 's fly ball to deep center that Michael Saunders caught at the wall . Aaron Laffey relieved Fister and got Matt Tolbert to line out to second base to end the inning . Miguel Olivo hit a two - run homer in the fourth to tie it at 2 . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Denard Span led off with a triple and scored on Kubel 's one - out single . The Twins made it 2 - 0 in the third when Alexi Casilla doubled and scored on Tolbert 's squeeze bunt . Denard Span led off the bottom of the first with a triple and scored on Kubel 's one - out single .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Matt Holliday is making a strong case to stay in the majors . Holliday hit a two - run homer for the St. Louis Cardinals in a 3 - 0 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . Holliday 's homer was his first since July 7 , when he hit a two - run shot off Blake Wood in the eighth inning of St. Louis ' 5 - 0 victory . Holliday is hitting .356 with four home runs and 10 RBIs in his past 10 games . Westbrook ( 4 - 3 ) gave up four hits and three walks in eight innings , striking out three . Fernando Salas worked the ninth for his sixth save in six opportunities . Tim Collins ( 2 - 2 ) gave up a one - out single to Albert Pujols in the eighth and was replaced by Blake Wood . Holliday then drove a 2 - 1 pitch from Blake Wood over the wall in left for his second homer of the season . The Cardinals added a run in the ninth on Ryan Theriot 's sacrifice fly off Robinson Tejeda . The Royals loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on singles by Alex Gordon and Melky Cabrera and a walk to Eric Hosmer , but Westbrook got Jeff Francoeur to hit into a double play and Billy Butler to ground out . The Royals loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on singles by Alex Gordon and Melky Cabrera and a walk to Eric Hosmer . But Jeff Francoeur hit into a double play and Billy Butler grounded out to end the inning . The Royals did n't get a runner past second base until Mike Aviles ' two - out single in the seventh . The Royals have been shut out in three of their last four games .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- The New York Mets are starting to look like a team that has n't had a winning season . Daniel Murphy hit a tiebreaking home run in the sixth inning and the Mets beat the New York Yankees 2 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Mets won for just the second time in eight games . Dickey ( 2 - 5 ) gave up one run and four hits in six innings , striking out six and walking three . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . Freddy Garcia ( 2 - 4 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out two . Mark Teixeira hit a solo homer in the third for New York , which has lost four of five . The Mets tied it in the fourth when Fernando Martinez doubled with two outs and scored on Justin Turner 's double . New York tied it in the fifth when Brett Gardner reached on shortstop Jose Reyes ' throwing error , stole second and scored on Jeter 's single . Murphy hit his second homer of the season leading off the sixth , and the Mets had runners on second and third with two outs when Josh Thole grounded out to end the inning . New York had runners on second and third with one out in the sixth , but Dickey struck out Jorge Posada and Nick Swisher to end the inning . Jason Isringhausen struck out two in a perfect eighth .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox are on their longest winning streak of the season . Carl Crawford hit an RBI single in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Red Sox a 4 - 3 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Friday night . The Red Sox won for the fourth time in five games and moved two games over .500 for the first time this season . Jonathan Papelbon ( 2 - 0 ) pitched the ninth for the win , striking out Brennan Boesch and Miguel Cabrera with runners on first and third to end the inning . Kevin Youkilis drew a leadoff walk from Al Alburquerque ( 0 - 1 ) and took third on David Ortiz 's single to right . Alburquerque then intentionally walked J. D. Drew to load the bases . Jonathan Papelbon ( 2 - 0 ) struck out Brennan Boesch and Miguel Cabrera to end the inning . Brennan Boesch and Miguel Cabrera hit consecutive homers off Daniel Bard in the eighth to tie it at 3 . Verlander allowed three runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out three and walked none . Brennan Boesch and Miguel Cabrera hit consecutive homers off Daniel Bard in the eighth to tie it at 3 . Beckett gave up one run on five hits and two walks , striking out three in six innings . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on RBI singles by Andy Dirks and Andy Dirks . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom of the inning on a sacrifice fly by Drew . Drew put the Red Sox ahead 2 - 1 with a solo homer in the fourth .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox are making a habit of themselves in the AL East race . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit a tiebreaking RBI double in the eighth inning , and the Red Sox beat the Detroit Tigers 1 - 0 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight victory . The Red Sox won for the fourth time in five games and moved two games over .500 for the first time this season . The Red Sox won for the seventh time in eight games and moved within one game of the AL East-leading New York Yankees , who lost 3 - 2 to the New York Yankees . The Red Sox won for the fourth time in five games . Carl Crawford drew a two - out walk from Daniel Schlereth ( 0 - 1 ) and scored on Saltalamacchia 's double into the right-field corner . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his eighth save in nine chances . The Red Sox have won four of their last five games . Clay Buchholz pitched seven shutout innings , allowing four hits , striking out seven and walking one . Tigers starter Phil Coke gave up three hits in seven shutout innings , striking out four and walking one . The Tigers had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh when Jhonny Peralta was hit by a pitch and Alex Avila singled . Buchholz struck out Ryan Raburn before hitting Brandon Inge with a pitch to load the bases . Buchholz then struck out Austin Jackson on a 3 - 2 pitch to end the threat . The Tigers had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Buchholz struck out Ryan Raburn and then hit Brandon Inge with a pitch to load the bases . Buchholz then struck out Austin Jackson on a 3 - 2 pitch to end the threat . The Tigers were shut out for the fifth time this season . The Red Sox did n't get a hit until Dustin Pedroia 's one - out single in the first , but Adrian Gonzalez grounded into a double play .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Brian McCann was n't sure if he 'd ever hit a home run . McCann hit two home runs , including a two - run shot in the 11th inning that lifted the Atlanta Braves to a 3 - 1 victory over the Houston Astros on Friday night . McCann 's second homer of the game , off Mark Melancon , gave the Braves a 1 - 0 lead in the top of the ninth . Eric Hinske drew a one - out walk in the 11th from Jeff Fulchino ( 0 - 2 ) and McCann drove a 1 - 0 pitch into the seats in right field for his second career pinch-hit homer . Cory Gearrin ( 1 - 1 ) pitched the 11th for the win . The Astros have lost four straight and six of seven . Brian McCann had two homers for Houston , including a two - run shot in the ninth off Mark Melancon . Braves starter Derek Lowe gave up five hits and one run in seven innings . Brett Wallace led off the game with a homer off Derek Lowe . Lowe gave up five hits and one run in seven innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Brett Wallace 's seventh-inning homer gave Atlanta a 1 - 0 lead . The Braves did n't get another baserunner until David Ross drew a one - out walk in the seventh . But Rodriguez retired Alex Gonzalez and Nate McLouth to end the inning . Rodriguez struck out six and walked two .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Colby Lewis did n't have his best stuff . Lewis pitched a five - hitter for his second shutout of the season and the Texas Rangers beat the Chicago White Sox 4 - 0 on Friday night . Lewis ( 4 - 4 ) struck out seven and walked one in his fourth career complete game and second this season . He threw 74 of his 110 pitches for strikes . The White Sox threatened in the ninth when Alexei Ramirez led off with a double , but Paul Konerko flied out and Carlos Quentin flied out to center to end the game . Kinsler 's two - run single in the sixth off Edwin Jackson ( 3 - 5 ) gave the Rangers a 4 - 0 lead . Edwin Jackson ( 3 - 5 ) gave up four runs and 11 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Ian Kinsler 's two - run single in the sixth off Ramon Pena gave Texas a 4 - 0 lead . Endy Chavez led off the third with a single and scored on Michael Young 's two - out double . Adrian Beltre followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 . Endy Chavez led off the third with a single and scored on Michael Young 's two - out double . Beltre followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 . The Rangers loaded the bases with one out in the fifth , but Jackson struck out Yorvit Torrealba and got Chris Davis to ground out . The White Sox threatened in the fifth , loading the bases with one out on a single by A. J. Pierzynski and a two - out single by Omar Vizquel . Lewis then struck out Gordon Beckham to end the inning . The Rangers loaded the bases with one out in the fifth , but Jackson struck out Yorvit Torrealba and got Chris Davis to ground out .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- Jose Bautista was n't sure if he 'd ever hit three home runs in a game . Bautista hit three home runs and drove in four runs to lead the Toronto Blue Jays to an 11 - 3 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Friday night . Bautista went 3 - for - 5 with a pair of doubles and four RBIs . The Blue Jays have won four of their last five games . Brandon Morrow ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs and five hits in five innings , striking out eight and walking two . Brian Duensing ( 2 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in three innings for the loss . Aaron Hill hit a two - run double in the first inning to give Toronto a 2 - 0 lead . Bautista led off the third with his second home run of the season , and John McDonald drove in two more with a single to make it 6 - 0 . Jose Molina added an RBI single later in the inning to make it 7 - 0 . The Blue Jays made it 8 - 0 in the fourth on Aaron Hill 's two - run single . The Twins loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on a hit batter , a walk and a hit batter . Morrow struck out Delmon Young , but walked Michael Cuddyer to force in a run before striking out Drew Butera to end the inning . Molina led off the sixth with a double and scored on Patterson 's single to make it 9 - 3 . Bautista hit a two - run homer off Slowey in the sixth to make it 11 - 3 .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros have been waiting all season to get back on track . Bill Hall hit a two - run homer in Houston 's four - run first inning , and J. A. Happ pitched six solid innings to lead the Astros to a 7 - 3 win over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . The Astros have won three of their last four . Happ ( 3 - 4 ) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked three . R. A. Happ ( 1 - 5 ) yielded 11 hits and six runs in 5 1/3 innings for the loss . Michael Bourn tripled and scored on Clint Barmes ' groundout in the first inning to give Houston a 1 - 0 lead . The Mets cut the lead to 4 - 1 in the third when Jose Reyes doubled and scored on a single by Justin Turner to make it 4 - 1 . Daniel Murphy hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Jason Bay drew a leadoff walk in the sixth and went to second on a two - out single by Scott Hairston . But Michael O'Connor came in and retired Fernando Martinez on a grounder to end the inning . Lee 's homer to the Crawford Boxes in left field made it 5 - 2 in the sixth inning . Jason Pridie doubled with two outs in the ninth and scored on Reyes ' single off Mark Melancon to make it 7 - 3 .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Jeremy Hellickson did n't have his best stuff . Hellickson pitched a four - hitter for his second shutout of the season and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 3 - 0 on Wednesday night . Hellickson ( 4 - 2 ) struck out three and walked one in his fourth complete game of the season . He threw 120 pitches , 83 for strikes . The Orioles did n't get a runner past first base until the ninth , when Hellickson struck out Derrek Lee and Derrek Lee before Luke Scott grounded out . Jeremy Guthrie ( 1 - 6 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in eight innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Orioles have lost five of their last six games . Joyce hit a two - run homer off Guthrie in the second inning to put Tampa Bay up 2 - 0 . It was Joyce 's first home run since June 12 against Boston . Damon made it 3 - 0 with a two - out homer in the eighth off Guthrie . The Orioles had runners on first and third with two outs in the fifth , but failed to score when Brian Roberts flied out to end the inning . The Orioles had runners on first and third with two outs in the fifth , but Hellickson retired Brian Roberts on a fly ball to end the inning . The Orioles had runners on first and third with two outs in the fourth , but Hellickson got Adam Jones to ground into a fielder 's choice to end the threat . Damon 's homer made it 3 - 0 in the eighth .
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles found a way to win in extra innings . J. J. Hardy hit a two - run single with two outs in the 12th inning to give Baltimore a 2 - 1 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Wednesday night . It was the first time this season the Orioles won a game in extra innings . Derrek Lee led off the 12th with a single against Jim Johnson ( 2 - 1 ) and Adam Jones was hit by a pitch to load the bases with no outs . Suzuki scored on a single by Miguel Olivo to make it 1 - 0 . Derrek Lee led off the 12th with a single against Brandon League ( 0 - 3 ) and Vladimir Guerrero was hit by a pitch . Adam Jones was hit by a pitch to load the bases before Hardy lined a 1 - 0 pitch to center . It was League 's second blown save in nine opportunities . Jim Johnson ( 2 - 1 ) gave up a run in the 12th before striking out Jack Cust with runners at the corners . League ( 0 - 3 ) gave up two runs and two hits in one - third of an inning . The Mariners have lost six of their last seven games . Britton struck out five , walked none and threw 76 of 108 pitches for strikes . Seattle 's Jason Vargas tossed a seven - hitter for his second straight complete game , striking out four and walking one . Britton struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time in five starts . He was 0 - 3 with a 2.42 ERA in his previous four starts . Britton struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time in five starts . He was 0 - 2 with a 2.42 ERA in his previous four starts . Britton struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time in five starts . He was 0 - 2 with a 2.42 ERA in his previous four starts . Britton struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time in five starts . He was 0 - 2 with a 2.42 ERA in his previous four starts . Britton struck out four and walked one . He has allowed two runs or fewer in nine of his last 12 starts . Britton struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time in five starts . He was 0 - 2 with a 2.42 ERA in his previous four starts . Britton struck out four and walked one . He has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . Britton struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time in five starts . He was 0 - 2 with a 2.42 ERA in his previous four starts . Britton struck out four and walked one . He has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . Britton struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time in five starts . He was 0 - 2 with a 2.42 ERA in his previous four starts . Britton struck out four and walked one . He has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . Britton struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time in five starts . He was 0 - 2 with a 2.42 ERA in his previous four starts . Britton struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time in five starts . He was 0 - 3 with a 2.42 ERA in his previous four starts . Britton struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time in five starts . He was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts . Britton struck out four and walked one . He has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . Britton struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time in five starts . He was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts . Britton struck out four and walked one . He has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . Britton struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time in five starts . He was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts . Britton struck out four and walked one in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained left oblique . He was 0 - 3 with a 2.42 ERA in his previous four starts . Britton struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time in five starts . He was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts . Britton struck out four and walked one . He has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . Britton struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time in five starts . He was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts . Britton struck out four and walked one . He has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . Britton struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time in five starts . He was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts . Britton struck out four and walked one
PITTSBURGH -- Matt Kemp is making a strong case to stay in the National League . Kemp hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs , leading the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 10 - 3 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Kemp 's homer came after Jamey Carroll singled with two outs in the sixth off Kevin Correia ( 5 - 3 ) and took second on a single by Aaron Miles . Andre Ethier followed with an RBI single , and Kemp drove the next pitch into the left-field seats for his fourth home run of the season . It was Kemp 's second home run of the season . Ted Lilly ( 3 - 3 ) gave up two runs and four hits in six innings , walking one and striking out four . Kevin Correia ( 5 - 3 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and 10 hits in 6 1/3 innings . Kemp 's homer capped a four - run rally in the sixth inning that put the Dodgers ahead 4 - 0 . Barajas doubled with one out in the seventh and scored on a single by Jerry Sands to make it 5 - 2 . Daniel Moskos came on and got pinch-hitter Jay Gibbons to pop out , then walked Jamey Carroll on four pitches to load the bases . Neil Walker 's sacrifice fly cut it to 4 - 2 in the sixth , but Matt Guerrier got Andre Ethier to ground out to end the inning . The Dodgers added five runs in the eighth off reliever Michael Crotta . McCutchen led off the bottom of the eighth with his second home run of the game , a solo shot off Lance Cormier that made it 10 - 3 .
TORONTO ( AP ) -- Justin Verlander was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Verlander struck out four and walked one in his first career shutout , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Toronto Blue Jays 9 - 0 on Wednesday night . Verlander ( 3 - 3 ) retired the first 10 batters he faced , then gave up a single to Rajai Davis in the ninth . He walked one and struck out four , throwing 74 of his 108 pitches for strikes . Verlander threw 108 pitches , 74 for strikes . Verlander retired the first 10 batters he faced and did n't allow a hit until John McDonald grounded into a double play with one out in the ninth . Alex Avila hit a two - run homer and Alex Avila added a two - run shot as the Tigers chased Ricky Romero ( 2 - 4 ) in the fourth . Romero ( 2 - 4 ) allowed six runs and five hits in 3 1/3 innings , his shortest start of the season . He walked two and struck out two . The Blue Jays , who were shut out for the third time this season , have lost six of their past seven games . The Tigers jumped on Romero with a three - run third , loading the bases with a single by Ryan Raburn , a walk to Brandon Inge and a single by Austin Jackson . Sizemore walked to force in a run and Inge scored on a wild pitch before Inge came home on a wild pitch and Ordonez drove in a run with a groundout . Peralta 's homer made it 4 - 0 in the fourth , and Avila hit a two - run drive to left , his second . Martinez added an RBI single in the fifth off Carlos Villanueva . The Tigers added two more in the ninth against Casey Janssen . Victor Martinez and Jhonny Peralta hit RBI singles .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Fred Lewis has been on a tear since coming off the disabled list last month . Lewis hit a game-ending RBI single in the ninth inning , and the Chicago Cubs rallied for a 3 - 2 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Wednesday night . The Cubs won for the 10th time in 12 games and improved to a season-high 10 games over .500 . Pena led off the ninth with a tying homer off Reds closer Francisco Cordero ( 2 - 1 ) . Blake DeWitt singled and Tyler Colvin struck out before Fukudome lined a single to right . Cordero ( 2 - 1 ) was charged with two runs and four hits in two - thirds of an inning . Marcos Mateo ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Blake DeWitt hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Cubs starter Casey Coleman gave up two runs and four hits in six - plus innings . He was replaced by Kerry Wood after pinch-hitter Fred Lewis drove in Chris Heisey with a tying sacrifice fly in the seventh . Arroyo gave up one run and seven hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Cubs starter Casey Coleman gave up two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the top of the seventh . Chris Heisey walked and Ryan Hanigan singled to put runners at the corners with no outs , but Kerry Wood relieved Coleman and got Fred Lewis to hit a grounder to shortstop Edgar Renteria , who threw to shortstop Edgar Renteria for the second out . DeWitt hit a 1 - 1 pitch into the left-field bleachers for his second homer of the season and first since May 7 . DeWitt , who had three hits , also homered in the fourth .
BALTIMORE -- The Tampa Bay Rays are finally starting to get contributions from Camden Yards . Johnny Damon hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning , Johnny Damon added a two - run shot and the Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 2 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . The Rays , meanwhile , have won six of their last seven games . Shields ( 3 - 1 ) gave up one run and three hits in 7 1/3 innings , striking out five and walking three . Brandon Gomes got Adam Jones to pop up to end the ninth . Zach Britton ( 5 - 2 ) gave up three runs , four hits and a walk in 5 1/3 innings . The Orioles have lost six of their last seven games . The Rays took a 3 - 0 lead in the second inning . Evan Longoria led off with a double and scored on a double by Upton . Guyer followed with a two - run drive to left . The Rays made it 4 - 1 in the eighth when Evan Longoria drew a leadoff walk against Jeremy Accardo and scored on a two - out single by Casey Kotchman . Derrek Lee hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . The Rays made it 4 - 1 in the eighth when Evan Longoria drew a leadoff walk against Jeremy Accardo and scored on a two - out single by Kotchman . Damon 's homer off Koji Uehara made it 6 - 1 in the ninth .
DETROIT -- The Detroit Tigers have been waiting all season to win . Brandon Inge hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly in the seventh inning , and the Tigers beat the New York Yankees 6 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Tigers have won four of their last five games . Rick Porcello ( 2 - 2 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Yankees scored a run in the ninth off Jose Valverde . A. J. Burnett ( 4 - 2 ) gave up five runs -- two earned -- and three hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Tigers loaded the bases with no outs in the seventh on a single by Victor Martinez , a walk to Magglio Ordonez and a hit batter . Brandon Inge hit a sacrifice fly , and Don Kelly hit a grounder to shortstop Eduardo Nunez , who threw wildly to the plate for a two - base error that allowed Raburn to score . Boesch added a solo homer in the eighth off Boone Logan . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Ramon Santiago led off with a single , and Don Kelly moved him to second with a sacrifice . After Burnett struck out Scott Sizemore for the third time , Boesch hit a sacrifice fly . The Yankees took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Eric Chavez 's RBI triple and Eduardo Nunez 's two - out RBI single . Curtis Granderson singled with one out in the fourth and scored on Eric Chavez 's two - out triple . Russell Martin walked to load the bases , and Eduardo Nunez singled in Rodriguez .
ATLANTA -- Tim Hudson was n't sure what to expect . Hudson pitched a one - hitter for his first career shutout and the Atlanta Braves beat the Milwaukee Brewers 8 - 0 on Wednesday night . Hudson ( 4 - 2 ) gave up one hit and one walk , striking out six . He threw 102 pitches . Nate McLouth hit a two - run homer in the fourth off Zack Greinke ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up five runs , four earned , and five hits in four innings . He struck out six and walked one . Greinke gave up five runs , four earned , and five hits in four innings . He walked one and struck out six . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Alex Gonzalez reached on an error by first baseman Prince Fielder , moved to second on a wild pitch and scored on Dan Uggla 's single . The Braves added a run in the second . Nate McLouth walked , moved up on Tim Hudson 's sacrifice and scored on Martin Prado 's single . The Braves added three runs in the fourth . David Ross led off with a double and scored on Eric Hinske 's double into the right-field corner . McLouth followed with a two - run homer into the left-field seats . The Braves added two runs in the eighth off Brandon Kintzler . Alex Gonzalez singled with one out and moved to third on Dan Uggla 's two - out double . Freeman followed with a two - run single to center . Rickie Weeks Jr. led off the fourth with a double and advanced to third on Ryan Braun 's groundout to third . But Hudson struck out Fielder to end the inning . The Brewers threatened in the ninth when Hudson walked Rickie Weeks Jr. , but got out of the jam when Corey Hart grounded out .
PHILADELPHIA -- The New York Mets have been waiting all season long . Ronny Paulino hit a tiebreaking double in the 14th inning , Ronny Paulino had a career-high five hits and the Mets beat the Philadelphia Phillies 2 - 1 on Wednesday night . The Mets won for the fifth time in six games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . The Phillies , who have lost five of their last six games , have lost four of five . David Wright led off the 14th with a single off Kyle Kendrick ( 1 - 2 ) and advanced to second on Jason Bay 's one - out single . Wright advanced to third on Ike Davis ' fly out to right and scored on Paulino 's double to right-center . Taylor Buchholz ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings to earn his first major league win . Kyle Kendrick ( 1 - 2 ) gave up one run and four hits in three innings . The Phillies tied it in the eighth on Ryan Howard 's RBI single off Jason Isringhausen . Lee allowed one run and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when David Wright singled with two outs and scored when Beltran doubled to left . Beltran was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Lee allowed eight hits and struck out five in seven innings . The Phillies loaded the bases with one out in the seventh on Ryan Howard 's one - out walk and a hit batter . Young struck out Raul Ibanez before walking Pete Orr to load the bases . Young then struck out Brian Schneider .
ANAHEIM , Calif. ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Angels are finally starting to find a way to win . Vernon Wells had four hits , including a homer in the sixth inning , and Vernon Wells had four hits , including a two - run homer in the Angels ' 11 - 5 victory over the Washington Nationals on Friday night . The Angels have won five of their last six games , including three in a row . The Nationals trailed 3 - 1 before Laynce Nix and Matt Stairs hit RBI singles in the sixth inning for the Nationals , who have lost five of six . Trumbo 's two - run double in the eighth off Todd Coffey gave the Angels an 11 - 5 lead . Hisanori Takahashi ( 2 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up an unearned run in the sixth . Nationals starter Jason Marquis was charged with four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in five - plus innings . He struck out five and walked four . The Nationals loaded the bases with one out in the seventh against Rich Thompson , but Wilson Ramos hit into a double play . The Angels scored three runs in the eighth off Todd Coffey . Jayson Werth hit a one - out double , advanced to third on a wild pitch and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's single . The Angels tied it in the fourth when Mark Trumbo led off with a single , advanced on Hank Conger 's sacrifice and scored on Aybar 's two - out double . The Angels made it 3 - 1 in the fifth when Wells singled , Kendrick singled and Alberto Callaspo walked with one out . Mark Trumbo then hit a grounder to third baseman Callaspo , who threw wildly to home for an error , allowing Wells to score .
TORONTO ( AP ) -- The Pittsburgh Pirates are on a roll . Andrew McCutchen homered for the second straight game , Andrew McCutchen homered and the Pirates beat the Toronto Blue Jays 7 - 6 on Tuesday night , snapping a four - game losing streak . The Pirates won for the seventh time in nine games and moved a season-high 10 games over .500 . Kevin Correia ( 10 - 6 ) allowed four runs and five hits in six innings , walked one and struck out three . Joel Hanrahan worked the ninth for his 23rd save in as many chances . Jo-Jo Reyes ( 3 - 7 ) allowed six runs and nine hits in 3 2/3 innings , matching his shortest outing of the season . He walked one and struck out five . Presley hit a two - run homer off Reyes in the third , his eighth of the season and second in two days . The Blue Jays cut it to 2 - 1 in the third when Encarnacion hit a one - out homer to left , his 11th . The Pirates answered with a five - run fourth . Lyle Overbay led off with a single and scored on Diaz 's triple to center , his third hit of the game . Garrett Jones followed with an RBI single and scored on a single by Alex Presley , who had three hits . Toronto cut it to 6 - 4 in the bottom of the inning when Eric Thames led off with a triple and scored on Jose Bautista 's homer . The Blue Jays cut it to 6 - 4 in the sixth when Eric Thames led off with a triple and scored on Jose Bautista 's grounder . Adam Lind followed with a walk , but Correia got Juan Rivera to pop out and Aaron Hill to ground into a double play . The Blue Jays cut it to 7 - 6 in the bottom half when Corey Patterson hit a leadoff homer off Tony Watson and Encarnacion followed with a drive to left , his 10th . Resop walked J. P. Arencibia and Yunel Escobar doubled to put runners at second and third with no outs , but Resop escaped by striking out Eric Thames and getting Adam Lind to line into a double play .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- Brandon Phillips had a big night at the plate . Phillips had four hits and drove in two runs to lead the Cincinnati Reds to a 5 - 0 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Friday night . Phillips had a pair of doubles and two RBIs . The Reds won for the fourth time in five games . Mike Leake ( 7 - 4 ) gave up four hits over six innings , walking two and striking out three . Jeremy Hellickson ( 7 - 7 ) gave up four runs , three earned , and eight hits in six - plus innings . He struck out nine and walked one . The Rays have lost five of their last six games . Fred Lewis led off the game with a single and scored on Brandon Phillips ' double . Jay Bruce followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 . Gomes ' homer made it 3 - 0 in the fourth . The Reds added an unearned run off Cesar Ramos in the seventh . Brandon Phillips and Joey Votto singled to start the inning , and Phillips scored on a throwing error by second baseman Ben Zobrist on Scott Rolen 's grounder to second . The Rays did n't get a runner to third until Ben Zobrist 's leadoff double in the sixth . Zobrist was thrown out at the plate trying to score on Matt Joyce 's fly ball to the warning track in center field . The Rays threatened in the sixth when Ben Zobrist led off with a double and Evan Longoria walked . But Matt Joyce lined out to first and Kotchman grounded out to end the inning . The Rays had runners on first and third with no outs in the sixth , but failed to score when Matt Joyce lined out to first and Kotchman grounded out . The Rays had runners on first and third with no outs in the sixth , but failed to score when Matt Joyce lined out to first and Kotchman grounded out . The Rays threatened in the sixth when Ben Zobrist led off with a double , but Matt Joyce hit a fly ball to the warning track in center field and Kotchman grounded out to end the inning . The Rays threatened in the sixth when Ben Zobrist led off with a double and Evan Longoria walked . But Matt Joyce lined out to first and Kotchman grounded out to end the inning . The Rays threatened in the sixth when Ben Zobrist led off with a double and Evan Longoria walked . Leake then got Matt Joyce to line out to first and then got Casey Kotchman to ground out to end the inning . The Rays did n't get a runner past first base until Ben Zobrist 's leadoff double in the sixth . Evan Longoria walked to put runners on first and third with no outs , but Leake got out of the jam by getting Casey Kotchman to ground out . The Rays did n't get a runner past first base until Ben Zobrist 's leadoff double in the sixth . Evan Longoria walked to put runners on first and third with no outs , but Matt Joyce lined out to first baseman Casey Kotchman , who threw home to get Zobrist at the plate . The Rays did n't get a runner to third until Ben Zobrist led off the sixth with a double . Leake then walked Evan Longoria before Matt Joyce lined out to first base and Casey Kotchman grounded out to end the inning . Leake ( 7 - 4 ) gave up four hits , walked two and struck out three in six innings . He retired the first 10 batters he faced before Ben Zobrist led off the sixth with a double .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Ricky Romero did n't have his best stuff . Romero pitched a four - hitter for his first career complete game and drove in two runs , leading the Toronto Blue Jays to a 5 - 0 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Friday night . Romero ( 7 - 7 ) struck out five and walked two in his fourth career complete game and second this season . He threw 106 pitches , 67 for strikes . Lance Berkman singled with one out in the ninth for St. Louis , but Andrew Brown grounded into a double play to end the game . The Blue Jays chased Kyle McClellan ( 6 - 4 ) with a four - run sixth . McClellan ( 6 - 4 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Adam Lind led off the sixth with a single and went to third on a one - out single by Edwin Encarnacion . Corey Patterson hit a grounder to first baseman Lance Berkman , who threw wildly to the plate for an error that allowed Lind to score . Arencibia was intentionally walked to load the bases , and Romero followed with a two - run single to make it 4 - 0 . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Edwin Encarnacion led off with a double and scored on Corey Patterson 's groundout . The Cardinals had runners on first and third with one out in the fifth , but Romero struck out McClellan to end the threat . The Cardinals had a chance to score in the fifth when Andrew Brown hit a leadoff double and moved to third on a sacrifice bunt by Colby Rasmus . After Descalso was intentionally walked , McClellan struck out swinging to end the threat . Romero walked Pete Kozma on four pitches to start the eighth , but was thrown out trying to advance on Theriot 's fly to right .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- The Kansas City Royals are making it look easy . Chris Getz singled home the go-ahead run in the eighth inning and the Royals beat the Chicago Cubs 3 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Royals , who have the best record in the American League , have won six of their last seven games . Aramis Ramirez and Geovany Soto hit back-to-back home runs in the sixth inning for the Cubs , who have lost four straight and six of seven . The Royals loaded the bases with one out in the eighth , but reliever John Grabow struck out pinch-hitter Melky Cabrera to end the inning . Joakim Soria struck out the side in the ninth for his 12th save in 15 opportunities . Aramis Ramirez and Geovany Soto hit back-to-back home runs for the Cubs in the sixth for the Cubs , who have lost five of six . The Cubs have lost five of their last six games . The Royals scored three runs in the fifth off Carlos Zambrano to take a 2 - 0 lead . Alcides Escobar singled with one out and Jarrod Dyson walked before Hosmer and Butler drove in runs with singles . Zambrano allowed two runs and eight hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out two . Danny Duffy allowed two runs and nine hits in seven innings .
HOUSTON -- James Shields was n't going to let the game get away from him . Shields pitched a three - hitter for his second complete game of the season and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Houston Astros 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Shields ( 8 - 4 ) struck out nine and walked one in his second complete game of the season and second complete game of his career . He walked one and threw 76 of his 106 pitches for strikes . Shields retired the first 10 batters he faced before Carlos Lee lined out to right field to end the game . Sean Rodriguez singled with two outs in the third , stole second and scored on a single by Ben Zobrist to make it 1 - 0 . Longoria and Upton followed with back-to-back homers to make it 4 - 0 . Wandy Rodriguez ( 5 - 4 ) gave up five runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Sean Rodriguez singled with two outs in the third for the Rays ' first hit . He stole second and scored on Ben Zobrist 's two - out single . Longoria followed with a two - run homer to left field to make it 3 - 0 . Upton followed with a solo shot to left . Longoria 's RBI single made it 5 - 0 in the fifth . Brett Wallace singled with two outs in the seventh and scored on a double by Chris Johnson to make it 5 - 1 . Brett Wallace singled with two outs in the seventh inning before Johnson 's double to left field scored Wallace to make it 5 - 1 . The Astros had a chance to add to their lead in the eighth , but Shields struck out pinch-hitter Jason Michaels and Michael Bourn to end the inning . Aneury Rodriguez pitched a scoreless ninth for Tampa Bay .
PHILADELPHIA -- Pinch-hitter Ben Francisco 's game-winning hit was the difference . Francisco 's pinch-hit single with two outs in the ninth inning lifted the Philadelphia Phillies to a 1 - 0 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Friday night . Francisco was mobbed by his teammates in the dugout and doused with water . Fuentes ( 1 - 8 ) gave up a run and two hits in two - thirds of an inning for the loss . Shane Victorino walked to lead off the bottom of the ninth and advanced to second on Domonic Brown 's one - out single . Victorino advanced to second on Brian Schneider 's groundout and scored on Francisco 's single to right . Fuentes ( 1 - 8 ) was charged with one run and two hits in two - thirds of an inning . Michael Stutes ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth to earn the win . The A 's have been shut out in three of their last four games . Phillies starter Vance Worley allowed one hit in six shutout innings , striking out four and walking four . Oakland starter Guillermo Moscoso gave up one hit in seven shutout innings . He walked four and struck out four . Worley pitched six scoreless innings , allowing only one hit and four walks . He struck out four . The Phillies have won six of their last seven games .
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) -- The Oakland Athletics are finally starting to find a way to win . Hideki Matsui hit a go-ahead two - run single in Oakland 's four - run fifth inning and the A 's beat the San Francisco Giants 4 - 2 on Sunday to complete a three - game sweep . The A 's won their second straight following a four - game losing streak . Brad Ziegler ( 2 - 0 ) retired the only batter he faced in the fifth to earn the win . Jonathan Sanchez ( 4 - 5 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . He was replaced by Ramon Ramirez after giving up a single to Scott Sizemore leading off the fifth . Andrew Bailey pitched the ninth for his fourth save in five chances . Jonathan Sanchez ( 4 - 5 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Giants have lost three straight and six of seven . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth . Chris Stewart led off with a single and Andres Torres walked . Emmanuel Burriss followed with a sharp grounder to Moscoso , who threw to second for an error . Stewart scored on Aubrey Huff 's sacrifice fly to make it 2 - 0 . Moscoso allowed two unearned runs and three hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out one . The A 's loaded the bases with one out in the fourth on a double by Coco Crisp , a walk to Conor Jackson and a one - out walk to Conor Jackson . Suzuki then struck out swinging to end the inning . Moscoso allowed two unearned runs and three hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out one .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- Chase Headley had a big night at the plate . Headley tied a career high with four hits and drove in two runs to lead the Minnesota Twins to a 6 - 5 victory over the San Diego Padres on Friday night . Headley has been one of the most consistent hitters in the big leagues , but has been one of the most consistent hitters in the majors . Headley had four hits , including a two - run double in the seventh that gave the Padres a 5 - 2 lead . Brian Duensing ( 4 - 6 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings for the win . Matt Capps pitched a perfect ninth for his 10th save in 12 chances . Clayton Richard ( 2 - 9 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and 10 hits in five innings for the loss . The Twins jumped on Richard for five runs in the first inning . Ben Revere reached on an error by second baseman Alberto Gonzalez to start the inning . Alexi Casilla singled and moved up on a wild pitch before scoring on Mauer 's single to center . Delmon Young walked to load the bases , and Valencia drove a 2 - 0 pitch into the seats in left field for a 5 - 0 lead . Chase Headley had four hits for the Padres , including an RBI double in the third that made it 5 - 1 . Chase Headley had four hits for the Padres , including an RBI double in the fifth that scored Alberto Gonzalez , who had walked . The Padres got three runs in the seventh off Alex Burnett , who gave up a two - out single to Bartlett and a single to Chase Headley before Ludwick 's homer .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Josh Hamilton is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Hamilton had four hits , including a two - run homer in Texas ' three - run ninth inning , and the Rangers beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 2 on Wednesday night . Hamilton , who leads the majors with a .302 average , went 4 - for - 5 with three RBIs . Hamilton had four hits , including a two - run homer in the fifth , and Nelson Cruz added a two - run double . Colby Lewis ( 6 - 7 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . Josh Hamilton had four hits , including a homer , and drove in three runs , and Nelson Cruz drove in three runs with a double and three RBIs for the Rangers , who have won six of their last seven games . Randall Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs , three earned , and seven hits in four - plus innings . Lewis ( 6 - 7 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out 10 . Randall Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs , three earned , and seven hits in four innings . Freddie Freeman 's homer cut the lead to 5 - 2 in the sixth . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Michael Young led off with a double and scored on Nelson Cruz 's double . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Michael Young led off with a double and scored on Nelson Cruz 's double . McCann led off the fourth with a homer to left , his ninth .
SEATTLE -- Michael Pineda has been one of the best pitchers in the American League . Pineda won for the first time in more than a month and the Seattle Mariners beat the Philadelphia Phillies 4 - 2 on Wednesday night . Pineda ( 7 - 4 ) allowed one run and two hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . Brandon League pitched the ninth for his 20th save in 23 chances . Roy Oswalt ( 4 - 5 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . Ichiro Suzuki singled with one out in the third and scored on Brendan Ryan 's triple into the right-field corner . The Mariners added a run in the fifth . Ichiro Suzuki led off with a single and Brendan Ryan walked . Suzuki advanced to second on Adam Kennedy 's sacrifice and scored on Chase Utley 's single to right . Pineda then walked Ryan Howard before striking out Placido Polanco to end the inning . The Mariners added a run in the seventh . Suzuki doubled with one out and scored on Ryan 's single off Jose Contreras . The Mariners added a run in the seventh when Ichiro Suzuki doubled and scored on Ryan 's single off Jose Contreras . Victorino homered off Aaron Laffey in the eighth to cut it to 4 - 2 .
CHICAGO -- The Milwaukee Brewers have been waiting all season long enough to keep their winning streak alive . Jonathan Lucroy hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly in the ninth inning , and the Brewers beat the Chicago Cubs 9 - 5 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight victory . The Brewers have won four of their last five games . Chris Narveson ( 4 - 4 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . Carlos Zambrano ( 5 - 4 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . Jeff Baker hit a solo homer in the first inning for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . The Brewers took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Corey Hart 's RBI single and Jonathan Lucroy 's RBI single . The Brewers made it 5 - 1 in the fifth on McGehee 's two - run double and Corey Hart 's RBI double . The Brewers got two unearned runs off James Russell in the seventh . Blake DeWitt doubled with one out and scored on DJ LeMahieu 's single to make it 8 - 5 . The Brewers loaded the bases with no outs in the ninth against Kameron Loe , but pinch-hitter Mark Kotsay struck out to end the inning . Fielder led off the ninth with a single off Rodrigo Lopez and Casey McGehee was hit by a pitch to load the bases . Lopez then gave up a sacrifice fly to Jonathan Lucroy .
TORONTO -- Ricky Romero did n't have his best stuff . Adam Lind hit a tiebreaking , two - run homer in the seventh inning and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Romero ( 6 - 6 ) allowed one run and three hits in eight innings , walked four and struck out a season-high 12 . Juan Rivera hit a solo homer off Jake Arrieta ( 8 - 4 ) in the sixth , and the Blue Jays won for the fifth time in six games . Lind hit a two - run shot off Clay Rapada in the seventh , his eighth of the season and second in as many days . Matt Wieters added an RBI single in the ninth , but Frank Francisco got Derrek Lee to ground into a double play for his sixth save in eight chances . Arrieta ( 8 - 4 ) allowed three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out five . Escobar opened the scoring with a leadoff homer to left in the first , his eighth . Escobar opened the scoring with a leadoff homer to left in the bottom of the first , his eighth . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with two outs in the third , but Arrieta struck out Juan Rivera to end the inning . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with two outs in the third , but Arrieta struck out Juan Rivera to end the inning . The Blue Jays made it 2 - 0 in the sixth when Rivera hit a one - out drive to right , his ninth . Hill doubled with two outs and Rajai Davis singled to put runners at the corners , but Nix flied out to end the threat .
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- Vernon Wells is hitting the ball out of the park . Wells homered twice and drove in three runs to lead the Los Angeles Angels to a 6 - 3 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Friday night . Wells ' second home run of the game , a two - run shot in the seventh inning , gave the Angels a 5 - 3 lead . It was his second multihomer game of the season and second of the season . It was the second multihomer game of Wells ' career and the first time he has hit two home runs in a game this season . The Angels rallied for three runs in the seventh to take a 5 - 3 lead . Jeff Mathis led off with a double , advanced to third on a groundout and scored on Torii Hunter 's fielder 's choice grounder . Wells then hit a 2 - 1 pitch from Jason Vargas ( 4 - 4 ) into the left-field seats for his second home run of the game . Dan Haren ( 6 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter . Jordan Walden pitched the ninth for his 15th save in 18 chances . Jason Vargas ( 4 - 4 ) gave up five runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Howie Kendrick 's two - out RBI single . The Mariners answered in the bottom half . Ichiro Suzuki led off with a single , stole second and scored on Adam Kennedy 's two - out double . Wells tied it in the third with his second home run of the game . The Mariners added a run in the fifth on consecutive one - out doubles by Chone Figgins , Ichiro Suzuki and Brendan Ryan .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- Scott Baker has been one of the few bright spots for the American League . Baker pitched a five - hitter for his first career complete game and the Minnesota Twins beat the Texas Rangers 8 - 1 on Wednesday night . Baker ( 4 - 4 ) struck out seven without a walk for his first career complete game . He threw a season-high 112 pitches . Colby Lewis ( 5 - 7 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 1 1/3 innings for the Rangers , who have lost five of their last six games . Lewis ( 5 - 7 ) was charged with six runs and seven hits in 1 1/3 innings . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . Lewis ( 5 - 7 ) gave up six runs and seven hits with two walks and one strikeout in 1 1/3 innings . He also threw a wild pitch that allowed Alexi Casilla to score a run in the first inning . Delmon Young had three hits , including an RBI single in the second , and Michael Cuddyer added two hits and two RBIs for the Twins , who have won six of their last seven games . The Twins scored two runs in the fourth on Alexi Casilla 's RBI single and Michael Cuddyer 's sacrifice fly . The Twins added two runs in the fourth on Alexi Casilla 's RBI single and Young 's two - run double . The Twins added a run in the seventh on Delmon Young 's RBI double off reliever Yoshinori Tateyama . The Rangers scored in the eighth on Mike Napoli 's two - out single and Murphy 's RBI single . Kinsler led off the ninth with a single and moved to third on Hamilton 's one - out single , but Adrian Beltre grounded into a double play to end the inning .
PHILADELPHIA -- Roy Halladay was n't going to let a seven - run lead slip away . Placido Polanco hit a go-ahead grand slam in the seventh inning , and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Chicago Cubs 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Halladay ( 9 - 3 ) struck out nine and allowed six hits in seven innings . He has n't allowed an earned run in his last three starts . Placido Polanco hit a grand slam off Carlos Zambrano ( 5 - 3 ) in the seventh to give the Phillies a 7 - 0 lead . The Cubs scored four runs in the eighth off Jose Contreras , including a two - run single by Luis Montanez . Michael Stutes pitched 1 1/3 hitless innings , and Antonio Bastardo got the final out for his second save . Carlos Zambrano ( 5 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked seven and struck out five . The Phillies loaded the bases with one out in the seventh on a walk to Jimmy Rollins , a bunt single by Shane Victorino and an intentional walk to Chase Utley . James Russell came in and walked Ryan Howard to load the bases before Polanco hit a 2 - 0 pitch into the seats in right for his fifth career grand slam . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Howard 's RBI groundout . Brown gave the Phillies a 3 - 0 lead in the second when Raul Ibanez drew a leadoff walk and Brown followed with a drive to right for a 3 - 0 lead . Brown gave the Phillies a 3 - 0 lead in the second when he drove a 1 - 1 pitch into the seats in right . Victorino led off the fifth with a single and Chase Utley followed with a single . Zambrano struck out Ryan Howard and got Placido Polanco to ground into a double play .
CHICAGO -- Carlos Quentin was n't going to let the game get away from him . Quentin hit two home runs , Franklin Gutierrez drove in three runs and the Seattle Mariners beat the Chicago White Sox 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . The White Sox had a 4 - 2 lead when Quentin hit a two - run homer off Jamey Wright in the eighth . Santos ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in one inning for the loss . Brandon League pitched the 10th for his 17th save in 20 chances . Carlos Quentin hit two home runs for the White Sox , including a solo shot in the first inning . It was his fourth multihomer game of the season and first since May 7 . The Mariners scored three runs in the sixth to take a 3 - 1 lead . Brendan Ryan and Justin Smoak led off with singles and Adam Kennedy drove in Ryan with a fielder 's choice to tie it at 1 . After Miguel Olivo struck out , Carlos Peguero walked to load the bases . Gordon Beckham followed with an RBI single to cut it to 3 - 2 , but Brent Morel grounded out to end the inning . Olivo 's two - out homer off Jesse Crain in the eighth made it 4 - 2 . Gavin Floyd allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . White Sox starter Gavin Floyd gave up three runs and five hits in six innings .
HOUSTON -- The St. Louis Cardinals ' offense was n't much better . Ryan Theriot drove in the go-ahead run with a double in the ninth inning and the Cardinals beat the Houston Astros 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Cardinals won for the fourth time in five games . Westbrook ( 6 - 3 ) allowed eight hits and three runs -- two earned -- with three strikeouts in 5 1/3 innings to win his third straight start . Fernando Salas allowed a run in the ninth before striking out Jason Bourgeois for his 11th save . Brett Myers ( 2 - 5 ) allowed six hits and five runs with four strikeouts in six innings for the loss . Berkman hit a two - run homer in the first inning to give St. Louis a 2 - 0 lead . The Astros tied it in the bottom of the first on a two - run homer by Carlos Lee . The Cardinals loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth on a single by Yadier Molina , a single by Yadier Molina and an intentional walk to Daniel Descalso . Jason Motte hit Downs with a pitch to force in a run , but Motte struck out Michael Bourn and got Clint Barmes to ground into a force out to end the inning . Pujols hit a solo homer in the eighth off Enerio Del Rosario . The Cardinals added a run in the ninth on Ryan Theriot 's RBI double off Fernando Rodriguez .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- The Toronto Blue Jays finally got their offense going . Blake Wood pitched a perfect ninth inning , and the Blue Jays beat the Kansas City Royals 8 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Blue Jays have won four of their last five games . Kyle Drabek ( 4 - 4 ) gave up five runs on nine hits and three walks in 5 1/3 innings . Jon Rauch worked the ninth for his seventh save in nine opportunities . Vin Mazzaro ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs on eight hits and a walk in five innings . Lind 's two - run homer in the first inning gave Toronto a 3 - 0 lead . The Royals answered with a run in the bottom of the first on Jeff Francoeur 's RBI single . Edwin Encarnacion led off the fifth with a double and scored on Mike McCoy 's double . Lind 's sacrifice fly made it 6 - 2 . The Blue Jays scored two runs in the fifth on an RBI groundout by Jeff Francoeur and a run-scoring groundout by Billy Butler . Arencibia 's two - run homer off Tim Collins in the eighth made it 6 - 5 . The Blue Jays tacked on two more in the eighth on Arencibia 's two - run homer off Tim Collins .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting all season long . Asdrubal Cabrera homered and drove in two runs , Scott Baker pitched into the eighth inning and the Twins beat the Cleveland Indians 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Twins won for the fourth time in five games . Baker ( 3 - 4 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and nine hits over seven innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Matt Capps worked the ninth for his eighth save in 10 chances . Josh Tomlin ( 7 - 3 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in six innings . The Twins scored three times in the fifth to take a 5 - 2 lead . Luke Hughes led off with a double and scored on Drew Butera 's single . Ben Revere singled to load the bases and Alexi Casilla hit into a double play , scoring Tolbert . Luke Hughes followed with a grounder to second baseman Matt Tolbert , who threw to second for the second out . Tolbert then made a strong throw to second to get Cuddyer at the plate . Jose Mijares got Matt LaPorta on a called third strike to end the eighth . Asdrubal Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Tolbert 's two - out , two - run single tied it in the second . Cuddyer led off the second with a single , moved to second on Young 's single and scored on Tolbert 's two - out single .
MIAMI ( AP ) -- Brett Hayes has been one of the few bright spots for the Marlins . Hayes hit a tying homer in the 11th inning , and the Milwaukee Brewers rallied to beat the Florida Marlins 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Hayes ' homer came after Logan Morrison walked and scored on a double by Gaby Sanchez . Giancarlo Stanton singled to put runners at first and third with one out , but Mike Dunn ( 4 - 3 ) retired pinch-hitter Scott Cousins on a flyout to end the inning . Tim Dillard ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for his first major league win . John Axford pitched the 11th for his 16th save in 18 chances . Pinch-hitter Wes Helms led off the ninth with a single off LaTroy Hawkins . Chris Coghlan reached on a fielder 's choice and moved to second on Omar Infante 's one - out single . Logan Morrison was hit by a pitch to load the bases with one out , but Giancarlo Stanton flied out to end the inning . The Brewers scored three runs in the third off Anibal Sanchez , who allowed five runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . Josh Wilson led off the fourth with a single , moved to second on a sacrifice bunt by Narveson and scored on Weeks ' single to make it 4 - 0 . The Marlins scored three runs in the sixth to take a 5 - 0 lead . Morrison walked with one out and scored on a double by Gaby Sanchez . Giancarlo Stanton singled and Greg Dobbs walked to load the bases . Estrada struck out Emilio Bonifacio before Hayes ' homer . Sanchez allowed five runs and eight hits in five innings . Sanchez allowed five runs and eight hits in five innings .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- Adam Lind is making a habit of coming out of the All-Star break . Lind homered twice and drove in three runs to lead the Toronto Blue Jays to a 7 - 4 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Friday night . Lind went 4 - for - 4 with three RBIs and scored twice . Yunel Escobar hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning for the Blue Jays , who have won four of five . Lind hit a solo shot in the fifth to make it 6 - 2 . Reyes ( 2 - 4 ) gave up three runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . Jeremy Guthrie ( 2 - 8 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in five - plus innings . Aaron Hill hit an RBI single in the first inning for the Blue Jays , who have lost five of six . Baltimore went up 2 - 1 in the bottom half . Robert Andino led off with a single and scored on a double by Vladimir Guerrero . Derrek Lee drove in Jones with a groundout . The Blue Jays tied it in the third on a single by Corey Patterson , a walk to Jose Bautista and an RBI single by Adam Lind . Toronto made it 5 - 2 in the bottom half on a single by Edwin Encarnacion , a walk to Jose Molina and a sacrifice fly by Nick Markakis . The Orioles closed to 6 - 3 in the fifth when Tatum singled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Markakis . Lind homered off Alfredo Simon in the seventh .
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) -- The Houston Astros are starting to look like a team . Chris Johnson homered and drove in two runs , and the Astros beat the San Diego Padres 7 - 4 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Astros have won three of four . The Astros scored six runs in the third inning , including two unearned runs on a throwing error by Padres shortstop Jason Bartlett . Bud Norris ( 3 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in six innings , struck out six and walked two . Mark Melancon pitched the ninth for his fifth save in seven chances . Tim Stauffer ( 1 - 4 ) gave up seven runs , five earned , and eight hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Jeff Keppinger singled and Brett Wallace walked before Johnson drove in Keppinger with a single to center . The Astros added three runs in the third . Clint Barmes led off with a single , Hunter Pence singled and Carlos Lee hit an RBI double . Jeff Keppinger was intentionally walked to load the bases , and Brett Wallace drove in a run with a groundout . Ryan Ludwick 's RBI single made it 6 - 2 , but Norris struck out Brad Hawpe to end the inning . Johnson hit a solo homer in the fifth , his fourth . The Padres scored two runs in the seventh on Kyle Phillips ' double and pinch-hitter Chris Denorfia 's sacrifice fly .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Billy Butler 's first home run of the season was a big one . Butler hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning to lift the Kansas City Royals to a 2 - 0 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Wednesday night . The Royals , who have the best record in the American League , have won seven of their last 10 games . Butler hit a 3 - 1 pitch from Scott Downs ( 3 - 2 ) over the wall in left for his second homer of the season . Jeff Francoeur was aboard on a one - out single . Butler 's homer was his second in two games . Tim Collins ( 3 - 2 ) worked 1 1/3 scoreless innings to pick up the victory . The Angels loaded the bases with no outs in the third on a single by Alexi Amarista , an error by third baseman Mike Aviles and a bunt single by Erick Aybar . Paulino struck out Bobby Abreu and got Torii Hunter to ground into a double play . The Angels were shut out for the third time this season . The Angels loaded the bases with no outs in the third on a single by Alexi Amarista , an error by third baseman Mike Aviles and a bunt single by Erick Aybar . Paulino struck out Bobby Abreu and got Torii Hunter to ground into a double play . The Royals did n't get a runner to third base until Eric Hosmer singled with two outs in the sixth . The Royals did n't get a runner past first base until Eric Hosmer singled with two outs in the sixth . The Angels loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth against Louis Coleman , but Louis Coleman came in and retired Alberto Callaspo on a groundout .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- Gerardo Parra has been on a tear since being called up from Triple-A Reno on July 31 . Parra hit two home runs and drove in three runs , leading the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 6 - 3 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Friday night . Parra , who had been 0 - for - 12 in his previous four games , has three homers in his last four games . Joe Saunders ( 8 - 8 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in 7 2/3 innings , struck out three and did n't walk a batter . David Hernandez gave up a run in the ninth before J. J. Putz got three outs for his 24th save in 26 attempts . Rubby De La Rosa ( 4 - 5 ) gave up three runs and five hits in four innings , struck out six and walked four . Roberts and Parra hit back-to-back homers in the second inning to give Arizona a 2 - 0 lead . The Diamondbacks extended their lead to 3 - 0 in the fourth on an RBI single by Collin Cowgill . The Diamondbacks extended their lead to 4 - 1 in the fifth . Kelly Johnson led off with a double off Josh Lindblom and scored on Xavier Nady 's sacrifice fly . Parra 's two - run homer off Hong-Chih Kuo in the eighth made it 6 - 1 . The Dodgers closed to 6 - 2 in the eighth on a two - out single by Andre Ethier , a single by Kemp and an RBI single by Juan Rivera . The Dodgers closed to 6 - 2 in the eighth on a two - out single by Andre Ethier , a single by Kemp and an RBI single by Rivera .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- The Arizona Diamondbacks have n't had a winning record since the All-Star break . Justin Upton hit a three - run double and the Diamondbacks rallied for a 6 - 4 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Wednesday night . The Diamondbacks won for the fourth time in five games and remained two games behind first-place San Francisco in the NL West . Justin Upton 's three - run double capped a six - run sixth inning for the Diamondbacks , who won for the fourth time in five games . Micah Owings ( 5 - 0 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings , struck out two and walked one . J. J. Putz pitched the ninth for his 23rd save in 27 chances . Chad Billingsley ( 9 - 9 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out four and walked five . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Brandon Allen drew a leadoff walk , Ryan Roberts singled and Gerardo Parra singled to load the bases . Billingsley struck out Micah Owings before Willie Bloomquist hit a sacrifice fly to center . The Dodgers regained the lead in the third . Tony Gwynn Jr. tripled with one out and scored on Casey Blake 's sacrifice fly . Andre Ethier followed with a single and Kemp drove Billingsley 's 2 - 1 pitch into the lower seats in the left-field corner for his 17th home run , giving the Dodgers a 3 - 1 lead . The Dodgers extended their lead to 4 - 1 in the fourth . Aaron Miles led off with a double and scored on Jamey Carroll 's single to center . The Diamondbacks loaded the bases with no outs in the sixth on a single by Chris Young , a walk to Allen and a walk to Allen . Gerardo Parra walked to force in a run , and Xavier Nady hit a sacrifice fly . Matt Guerrier came in and struck out Willie Bloomquist , then walked Kelly Johnson to load the bases . Joe Paterson came in and got pinch hitter James Loney to ground out to end the threat . The Dodgers loaded the bases with no outs in the sixth against Ryan Cook on a single by Juan Rivera , a groundout by Aaron Miles and a walk to Carroll . But Joe Paterson came in and retired pinch hitter James Loney on a grounder to shortstop .
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) -- Eliezer Alfonzo is making a strong case to stay in the big leagues . Alfonzo hit a grand slam and drove in five runs to lead the Colorado Rockies to a 10 - 6 win over the San Diego Padres on Friday night . Alfonzo , who had a career-high five RBIs , hit a two - out , two - run homer off Luke Gregerson in the sixth to give Colorado a 7 - 4 lead . It was his second grand slam of the season . Alfonzo , a rookie catcher , is hitting .238 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last six games . Rogers ( 4 - 1 ) allowed one run and one hit in five innings , struck out four and walked one . Aaron Harang ( 9 - 3 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . Alfonzo , who had a career-high five RBIs , hit his first career grand slam in the sixth off Luke Gregerson to give the Rockies a 7 - 4 lead . Dexter Fowler led off the Rockies ' seventh with a double off Luke Gregerson and scored on Jesus Guzman 's single off Ernesto Frieri . The Padres scored an unearned run off Rafael Betancourt in the eighth on an RBI single by Jesus Guzman . The Padres scored four runs in the first off Ubaldo Jimenez , who gave up a two - run double to Ryan Ludwick and a two - run double to Alberto Gonzalez . Ian Stewart cut the lead to 4 - 3 with an RBI double in the fourth . The Rockies cut the lead to 4 - 3 in the fourth when Chris Nelson doubled with two outs and scored on Stewart 's double .
ARLINGTON , Texas ( AP ) -- The Texas Rangers are starting to show signs of breaking out of their offensive funk . The Rangers won for the fifth time in six games , 4 - 1 over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . The Rangers have won six of their last seven games , including three in a row for the first time this season . Matt Harrison ( 9 - 7 ) allowed one run and eight hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out two and walked one . Neftali Feliz worked a perfect ninth for his 21st save in 23 chances . Scott Baker ( 8 - 6 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Michael Young had an RBI single in the fourth for the Rangers , who have won five of their last six games . Yorvit Torrealba led off the fifth with a double and scored on Davis ' single to make it 2 - 0 . The Rangers scored two unearned runs in the eighth off Phil Dumatrait to make it 4 - 1 . Joe Mauer and Michael Cuddyer led off the sixth with singles before Jason Kubel grounded into a double play . Jim Thome followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 1 . The Twins had runners at first and second with one out in the eighth , but Yoshinori Tateyama got pinch-hitter Trevor Plouffe to fly out to center . Yoshinori Tateyama got Jason Kubel to fly out to end the inning . Hamilton tripled off Phil Dumatrait with two outs in the eighth and scored on Cruz 's grounder to third . Mitch Moreland followed with a single to make it 4 - 1 .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Andrew McCutchen is making the most of his opportunity . McCutchen homered and drove in three runs to lead the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 5 - 2 win over the Atlanta Braves on Friday night . McCutchen had three hits and drove in three runs , including a two - run homer in the ninth off George Sherrill . McCutchen went 3 - for - 5 with three RBIs . Kevin Correia ( 12 - 8 ) gave up nine hits and two runs , one earned , in 6 1/3 innings . Joel Hanrahan recorded the final four outs for his 30th save in 32 chances . Derek Lowe ( 6 - 9 ) gave up eight hits and three runs with three walks and five strikeouts in five innings . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Nate McLouth walked , moved to third on Freddie Freeman 's single and scored on Eric Hinske 's double down the right-field line . The Pirates tied it in the second . Lyle Overbay led off with a walk and moved to third on Michael McKenry 's double down the right-field line . Correia followed with an RBI single . The Pirates pushed the lead to 3 - 1 in the fifth . Xavier Paul led off with a single , Garrett Jones singled and McCutchen doubled to right . Jones scored on Pedro Alvarez 's groundout . The Braves cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the sixth . Freddie Freeman led off with a double and scored on Dan Uggla 's single to center . George Sherrill gave up a two - run homer to McCutchen in the ninth .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Justin Verlander was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Verlander struck out seven in eight innings and the Detroit Tigers beat the Chicago White Sox 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Paul Konerko and Paul Konerko hit two - run homers for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Verlander ( 14 - 5 ) gave up four runs and seven hits , struck out seven and walked one . Jose Valverde pitched a perfect ninth for his 27th save in 28 chances . Adam Dunn hit a two - run homer in the first for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . The Tigers scored three runs in the fourth to take a 2 - 0 lead . Austin Jackson led off with a single , moved to third on Magglio Ordonez 's single and scored on Miguel Cabrera 's single to left . After Carlos Guillen lined out to center , Peavy walked Alex Avila intentionally to load the bases . Peavy struck out Austin Jackson to end the inning . The White Sox tied it at 4 in the sixth on Paul Konerko 's two - run homer off Verlander . Will Ohman ( 0 - 2 ) walked Victor Martinez leading off the eighth and then struck out Jhonny Peralta . Jhonny Peralta struck out , but Dirks stole second and scored on Wilson Betemit 's single . Peavy allowed four runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Peavy gave up four runs and 10 hits in six innings .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) -- Vance Worley has been one of the few bright spots for the defending World Series champions . Worley pitched a three - hitter for his seventh career complete game and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the San Francisco Giants 7 - 2 on Wednesday night . Worley ( 7 - 1 ) allowed two runs and three hits , striking out five to win his fourth straight start . Raul Ibanez hit a three - run homer in a four - run first against Barry Zito ( 3 - 3 ) . John Mayberry Jr. also went deep for the Phillies . Zito ( 3 - 3 ) gave up six runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Andres Torres led off with a double and scored on Pablo Sandoval 's sacrifice fly . The Phillies answered with four runs in the bottom half . Chase Utley singled with two outs and Howard followed with a double down the right-field line to tie it at 1 . Shane Victorino walked and Ibanez hit a drive to left-center for a 4 - 1 lead . Mayberry hit a solo shot in the fourth to make it 5 - 1 . Mayberry hit a solo shot in the fourth to make it 5 - 1 . Utley led off the sixth with his first homer of the season to make it 5 - 1 . Aaron Rowand hit a pinch-hit homer in the eighth for the Giants . Aaron Rowand hit a pinch-hit homer in the eighth for San Francisco .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago Cubs have n't had much to celebrate . Pinch hitter Jeff Baker singled in the winning run with one out in the 10th inning , giving the Cubs a 5 - 4 victory over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . The Cubs won for the fifth time in six games and improved to 5 - 1 on their 10-game homestand . Marlon Byrd led off the eighth with a triple off David Carpenter ( 0 - 1 ) , who then intentionally walked Tony Campana and Darwin Barney to load the bases . Baker then lined a 3 - 2 pitch from Rodrigo Lopez over the head of left fielder Hunter Pence to score Byrd . Byrd led off the 10th with a triple off David Carpenter ( 0 - 1 ) and scored on Jeff Baker 's pinch-hit single . John Grabow ( 2 - 0 ) pitched the 10th for the win . Chris Johnson led off the eighth with a single against Wilton Lopez and was replaced by pinch runner Jason Bourgeois . Geovany Soto singled to put runners at the corners , and Alfonso Soriano followed with a tying single . Houston starter Jordan Lyles allowed three runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Clint Barmes gave the Astros a 1 - 0 lead with a solo homer in the first , but the Cubs responded with three in the bottom half . Marlon Byrd led off with a double and scored on Geovany Soto 's double into the left-field corner . Darwin Barney and Matt Garza added RBI singles for a 3 - 1 lead . The Astros got a run back in the fifth on an RBI groundout by Hunter Pence . The Astros got a run back in the fifth on a single by Lyles , a single by Michael Bourn and a sacrifice bunt by Barmes . Lyles scored on a groundout by Hunter Pence to cut it to 3 - 2 .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) -- Roy Halladay did n't have his best stuff . Halladay pitched eight strong innings and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the San Diego Padres 5 - 3 on Friday night . Halladay ( 12 - 4 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits . He struck out eight and walked one . Antonio Bastardo tossed a perfect ninth for his eighth save in as many chances . Carlos Ruiz hit a two - run double in the third to help Halladay ( 12 - 4 ) win his fourth straight start . Stauffer ( 6 - 7 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Cameron Maybin singled , stole second and scored on Chase Headley 's one - out single . The Phillies answered with two runs in the bottom half . Chase Utley drew a two - out walk , Ryan Howard singled and Shane Victorino singled to right to tie it at 1 . Domonic Brown followed with a single and Ruiz lined a two - run double to left . The Padres got two runs back in the fourth on Alberto Gonzalez 's RBI single and Stauffer 's sacrifice bunt . The Padres loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth , but Halladay struck out Kyle Phillips to end the inning . The Padres loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth , but Halladay struck out Kyle Phillips to end the threat .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Randy Wells is making a strong case to stay in the rotation . Wells won for the first time in more than a month and the Chicago Cubs beat the Houston Astros 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Wells ( 2 - 3 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . Angel Sanchez led off the sixth with a single and scored on Carlos Lee 's one - out single to right . Wells then struck out Chris Johnson and got Brett Wallace to ground into a fielder 's choice to end the inning . The Cubs added a run in the eighth on Starlin Castro 's RBI single off Fernando Rodriguez and Geovany Soto 's RBI single off Fernando Rodriguez . Wandy Rodriguez ( 6 - 7 ) gave up two runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Byrd put the Cubs up 1 - 0 in the second with his fourth homer of the season . Soto led off the fifth with a drive to left for his 21st of the season . Angel Sanchez led off the sixth with a single and moved to second on Hunter Pence 's groundout . Sanchez scored on Carlos Lee 's single off Jeff Samardzija , who was making his major league debut . The Astros had runners on first and second with two outs in the seventh , but Enerio Del Rosario got Bourn to fly out to end the inning . Altuve led off the ninth with a single off Sergio Escalona and was hit by a pitch to start the inning . Marmol then hit Carlos Corporan with a pitch and was replaced by Jason Michaels , who grounded into a fielder 's choice . Marmol then struck out Michael Bourn and got Angel Sanchez to fly out .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- The Kansas City Royals finally found a way to win . Eric Hosmer hit an RBI double in the 10th inning to give the Royals a 5 - 4 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Wednesday night . The Royals , who have won six of their past seven games , have the best record in the American League . The Royals tied it in the ninth on Alex Gordon 's RBI double off Kyle Farnsworth . Billy Butler led off the bottom of the 10th with a single off Brandon Gomes ( 0 - 1 ) and Hosmer followed with a double to the gap in left-center . Joakim Soria ( 5 - 3 ) worked the 10th for the win . Aaron Crow worked out of a bases-loaded jam in the 10th , striking out pinch-hitter Sam Fuld and Elliot Johnson to end the inning . The Rays have lost five of their last six games . The Rays scored their first run in the first inning when Desmond Jennings tripled and scored on Ben Zobrist 's single . The Rays added a run in the second when Elliot Johnson hit a one - out triple and scored on Desmond Jennings ' double . Tampa Bay tied it in the fourth when Billy Butler reached on an error by third baseman Evan Longoria , took second on a wild pitch and scored on Mike Moustakas ' two - run double . In the sixth , Jennings drew a two - out walk and Damon drove him home with a double to left . Hosmer led off the sixth with a single and went to third on Jeff Francoeur 's double . Mike Moustakas followed with a sacrifice fly to left .
DENVER -- Atlanta Braves manager Fredi Gonzalez is n't worried about his team 's recent success . Jason Heyward hit a three - run homer in Atlanta 's three - run seventh inning , and the Braves rallied to beat the Colorado Rockies 9 - 6 on Tuesday night . The Braves won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 0 at Coors Field this season . Tommy Hanson ( 11 - 5 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth for his 30th save in 35 chances . Matt Reynolds ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up three runs and three hits in the seventh . Tommy Hanson ( 11 - 5 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one , and the Rockies scored three times in the sixth to take a 6 - 5 lead . Carlos Gonzalez gave the Rockies a 1 - 0 lead with a leadoff homer in the bottom of the first . The Rockies made it 3 - 0 in the second . Ian Stewart singled and Chris Iannetta walked before Fowler 's triple to center made it 3 - 0 . The Braves got two runs back in the third on Heyward 's two - run homer and Alex Gonzalez 's RBI grounder . The Braves got two runs back in the third on Heyward 's two - run homer and Alex Gonzalez 's bases-loaded fielder 's choice grounder . The Braves regained the lead in the fifth on Freeman 's 21st homer and McLouth 's RBI single off Matt Belisle .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- Justin Verlander was n't going to let the game get away from him . Verlander struck out nine in eight innings and the Detroit Tigers beat the Minnesota Twins 6 - 2 on Friday night . Verlander ( 13 - 5 ) gave up one run on five hits and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Tigers manager Jim Leyland said he was n't worried about Verlander 's performance . The Twins scored an unearned run off Phil Coke in the ninth . Carl Pavano ( 6 - 7 ) gave up five runs on nine hits with one walk and two strikeouts in six innings for the loss . Brennan Boesch hit a two - run homer in the fifth for the Tigers , who have won six of their last seven games . Michael Cuddyer hit an RBI single in the sixth for the Twins , who have lost six of their last seven games . Jhonny Peralta led off the eighth with a homer off Chuck James , and Carlos Guillen added a sacrifice fly for the Tigers . Jhonny Peralta hit a solo homer off Chuck James in the eighth , and Carlos Guillen added a sacrifice fly for Detroit . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Peralta 's RBI single . The Tigers loaded the bases with one out in the fourth on a hit batter and a walk to Cabrera , a single by Martinez and an RBI single by Peralta . But Carlos Guillen grounded into a double play to end the inning .
HOUSTON ( AP ) -- Jayson Werth was n't sure if he 'd ever hit a home run in his first at-bat . He was n't sure if he 'd hit a game-winning home run in the first inning Wednesday night . Werth was n't sure if he 'd hit a home run . Werth hit a game-ending single in the 11th inning to lift the Houston Astros to a 3 - 2 win over the Washington Nationals . Werth is hitting .218 with three homers and seven RBIs in his last seven games . Humberto Quintero led off the 11th with a single off Todd Coffey ( 3 - 1 ) . He advanced on Angel Sanchez 's sacrifice and Michael Bourn singled to put runners on first and third . Michaels then lined a single to right field to score Quintero . Wilton Lopez ( 2 - 4 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Humberto Quintero led off the bottom of the 11th with a single off Todd Coffey ( 3 - 1 ) and advanced on Angel Sanchez 's sacrifice . Michael Bourn singled to put runners on first and third before Michaels lined a single to left field . Wilton Lopez ( 2 - 4 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . The Astros had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth before Carlos Lee flied out to end the game . Washington starter Livan Hernandez allowed seven hits and two runs with three strikeouts in six innings . Pence tripled with two outs in the first and scored on a single by Carlos Lee to make it 1 - 0 . Clint Barmes singled with one out in the second and scored on a double by Humberto Quintero to make it 2 - 0 . Michael Morse singled with one out in the sixth inning before Werth 's homer to left field tied it at 2 . Werth followed with a single to right .
DENVER -- Todd Helton 's first home run of the season was a big one . Helton hit a two - out , two - run homer in the ninth inning to give the Colorado Rockies a 3 - 2 win over the Atlanta Braves on Friday night . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games , including three straight at Coors Field , where they have won six of their last seven . Helton 's homer was his first in the majors since July 30 , when he hit a two - run shot in the ninth inning of a 6 - 5 win over the Chicago Cubs . Huston Street ( 1 - 3 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games , including three in a row against the Braves . The Braves tied it at 2 in the eighth on Dan Uggla 's two - out RBI single off Matt Lindstrom . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Helton 's two - run homer off Tim Hudson . The Braves got a run back in the second when Jason Heyward singled , took second on a groundout and scored on a double by David Ross . Nicasio allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Braves threatened in the sixth when Martin Prado reached on a throwing error by third baseman Martin Prado and took third on Freddie Freeman 's double . Dan Uggla hit a grounder to third baseman Martin Prado , who threw home to get Prado for the double play . Hudson gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Clayton Kershaw was n't going to let the game get away from him . Kershaw struck out a season-high 12 in eight shutout innings , and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the San Francisco Giants 1 - 0 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Kershaw ( 11 - 4 ) gave up three hits , walked one and lowered his ERA to 2.72 . Javy Guerra pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth for his sixth save in as many chances . Tim Lincecum ( 8 - 8 ) gave up one run on five hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking four . The Giants have been shut out in three of their last four games . Navarro hit his first home run of the season leading off the seventh to give Kershaw a 1 - 0 lead . Lincecum ( 8 - 8 ) gave up five hits in seven innings , struck out seven and walked four . Navarro led off the seventh with his fifth home run of the season and second in two games . He also hit a two - run shot against Lincecum on Friday night . The Dodgers have won four of their last five games , including three of four at AT & T Park . The Dodgers have won four of their last five games , including the first two of this four - game series . San Francisco has lost five of its last six games . The Giants have been shut out in three of their last four games , including a 1 - 0 loss to the Los Angeles Dodgers on Sunday . The Giants , who have the worst record in the majors , have lost five of their last six games . The Giants have been shut out in three of their last four games , including a 1 - 0 loss to the Dodgers on Sunday . The Giants , who have the worst record in the majors , have lost five of their last six games . The Giants have been shut out in three of their last four games , including a 1 - 0 loss to the Dodgers on Sunday . The Giants , who have the worst record in the majors , have lost five of their last six games . The Giants have been shut out in three of their last four games , including a 1 - 0 loss to the Dodgers on Sunday . The Giants , who have the worst record in the majors , have lost four of their last five games . The Giants have been shut out in three of their last four games , including a 1 - 0 loss to the Dodgers on Sunday . The Giants have been shut out in three of their last four games , including a 1 - 0 loss to the Dodgers on Sunday . The Giants have been shut out in three of their last four games , including a 1 - 0 loss to the Dodgers on Sunday . The Giants have been shut out in three of their last four games , including a 1 - 0 loss to the Dodgers on Sunday . The Giants have been shut out in three of their last four games , including a 1 - 0 loss to the Dodgers on Sunday . The Giants have been shut out in three of their last four games , including a 1 - 0 loss to the Dodgers on Sunday . The Giants have been shut out in three of their last four games , including a 1 - 0 loss to the Dodgers on Sunday . The Giants have been shut out in three of their last four games , including a 1 - 0 loss to the Dodgers on Sunday . The Giants have been shut out in three of their last four games , including a 1 - 0 loss to the Dodgers on Sunday . The Giants have been shut out in three of their last four games , including a 1 - 0 loss to the Dodgers on Sunday . The Giants have been shut out in three of their last four games , including a 1 - 0 loss to the Dodgers on Sunday . The Giants have been shut out in three of their last four games , including a 1 - 0 loss to the Dodgers on Sunday . The Giants have been shut out in three of their last four games , including a 1 - 0 loss to the Dodgers on Sunday . The Giants have been shut out in three of their last four games , including a 1 - 0 loss to the Dodgers on Sunday . The Giants have been shut out in three of their last four games , including a 1 - 0 loss to the Dodgers on Sunday . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Giants have been shut out in three of their last four games . They have been shut out four times this season . The Giants have been held to three runs or fewer in 10 of their last 12 games . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Giants were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the fifth time this season . The Giants were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the fifth time this season . The Giants were shut out for the fifth time this season and
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels are making a habit of themselves in the AL West race . Howie Kendrick hit a tying two - run single during a nine - run sixth inning and the Angels rallied for a 9 - 8 victory over the Texas Rangers on Friday night . The Angels , who trailed 8 - 3 after six innings , trailed 8 - 3 after five innings and trailed 8 - 3 heading into the bottom of the inning . But the Rangers ' bullpen could n't hold a 8 - 3 lead . Howie Kendrick had three hits and drove in four runs , and Mark Trumbo had an RBI single during a nine - run sixth inning for the Angels , who won for the fourth time in five games . Jordan Walden pitched the ninth for his 22nd save in 26 attempts , striking out Cruz with the potential tying run at third base after Michael Young doubled to put runners at the corners with two outs . Hisanori Takahashi ( 3 - 2 ) got the win despite giving up a two - run double to Yorvit Torrealba in the fifth that gave the Rangers an 8 - 3 lead . Angels starter Dan Haren was charged with seven runs and nine hits over 4 1/3 innings , including a two - run double by Yorvit Torrealba in the fifth that gave the Rangers an 8 - 3 lead . The Angels took a 2 - 1 lead in the first on Howie Kendrick 's two - out , two - run single after Torii Hunter drew a one - out walk and Vernon Wells singled . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Hamilton singled with two outs and scored on a double by Adrian Beltre . The Angels took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first on Howie Kendrick 's two - run single . Young singled with one out in the fourth and Murphy drove Haren 's 2 - 0 pitch into the lower seats in the left field corner to tie it at 3 .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros are on their longest winning streak in more than a month . Clint Barmes hit a two - run homer and the Astros beat the Washington Nationals 7 - 6 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight win . The Astros have won six of their last seven games and have the best record in the majors . J. A. Happ ( 4 - 11 ) allowed seven hits and five runs in 5 2/3 innings for the win . Mark Melancon pitched the ninth for his eighth save . Jordan Zimmermann ( 6 - 8 ) allowed seven hits and six runs in five innings for the loss . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Barmes ' two - run homer gave Houston a 2 - 0 lead in the second inning . The Nationals tied it at 2 in the third on a two - run homer by Michael Morse . Washington scored three runs in the fourth to make it 6 - 2 . Jerry Hairston Jr. hit a two - run homer and Ian Desmond added an RBI single off Fernando Rodriguez to cut the lead to 6 - 5 . The Nationals cut the lead to 6 - 5 in the sixth on a two - run homer by Jerry Hairston Jr. and an RBI single by Desmond . The Nationals cut the lead to 6 - 5 in the seventh on a double by Morse and a single by Jayson Werth . Morse scored on Wilson Ramos ' double-play grounder .
PITTSBURGH -- Charlie Morton is making the most of it . Morton won for the first time in more than a month and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Cincinnati Reds 2 - 0 on Wednesday night . Morton ( 8 - 5 ) gave up three hits in five shutout innings , walking two and striking out three . Joel Hanrahan worked a perfect ninth for his 27th save in 28 opportunities . Dontrelle Willis ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 4 2/3 innings , striking out five and walking one . The Reds were shut out for the second time this season and have lost five of their last six games . Willis has been one of the few bright spots for the Reds , who have lost four of five . The Pirates scored two runs in the fourth on a groundout by Andrew McCutchen and a sacrifice fly by Matt Diaz . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates scored two runs in the fourth on a groundout by Andrew McCutchen and a sacrifice fly by Matt Diaz . The Reds were shut out for the second time this season and have scored two runs or fewer in six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won four of their last five games and are a season-high 10 games over .500 .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros are on their longest winning streak of the season . Humberto Quintero singled home the go-ahead run in Houston 's three - run eighth inning and the Astros rallied for a 6 - 4 win over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Friday night . The Astros won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 0 against the Pirates this season . Hunter Pence drew a leadoff walk in the eighth and stole third before scoring on a fielder 's choice by Brett Wallace to tie it at 4 . Sergio Escalona ( 2 - 1 ) struck out two in a perfect eighth for the win . Lyle Overbay and Brandon Wood hit back-to-back homers in the sixth inning for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Houston starter Bud Norris allowed nine hits and three runs in 5 2/3 innings . He was replaced by Wilton Lopez , who yielded a single to Chase d'Arnaud to load the bases with two outs in the sixth . Jeff Keppinger hit a two - run homer in the third off Paul Maholm to give Pittsburgh a 3 - 0 lead . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Carlos Lee doubled and scored on McKenry 's passed ball . Michael Bourn led off the Houston third with a single and Angel Sanchez walked before Keppinger 's two - run shot to the Crawford Boxes in left field made it 3 - 0 . Walker 's homer cut it to 3 - 1 in the fifth . Norris allowed four runs and nine hits with five strikeouts in 5 2/3 innings .
WASHINGTON -- Jordan Zimmermann is making a strong case to stay in the rotation . Zimmermann allowed four hits over 6 1/3 scoreless innings , and the Washington Nationals beat the Colorado Rockies 2 - 0 on Friday night . Zimmermann ( 6 - 7 ) struck out six and walked none , throwing 64 of his 88 pitches for strikes . Jhoulys Chacin ( 8 - 7 ) took a no-hitter into the sixth inning before giving up a single to Ian Desmond and a run-scoring single to Roger Bernadina . Matt Lindstrom retired the only batter he faced in the eighth , and Matt Reynolds gave up a solo homer to Rick Ankiel in the eighth . Drew Storen pitched the ninth for his 23rd save in 26 chances . Chacin ( 8 - 7 ) allowed one run and four hits over seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Rockies have been shut out in consecutive games for the first time this season . The Nationals have won six of their last seven games . Ian Desmond led off the sixth with a single , moved up on Zimmermann 's sacrifice and scored on Roger Bernadina 's single to center . The Rockies were shut out for the third time this season . Ian Stewart led off the eighth with a single off Tyler Clippard and pinch-hitter Ty Wigginton walked . Pinch-hitter Jason Giambi struck out and Mark Ellis flied out to end the inning .
ANAHEIM , Calif. ( AP ) -- Dan Haren did n't have his best stuff , but he did n't need any help . Alberto Callaspo hit a tiebreaking two - run double in the eighth inning , and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Seattle Mariners 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Haren ( 10 - 5 ) gave up two runs and five hits over 8 2/3 innings , struck out eight and walked two . The right-hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.62 ERA in his last seven starts . Haren retired the first 10 batters he faced before Brendan Ryan singled with one out in the eighth . David Pauley ( 5 - 3 ) retired the first two batters in the eighth before intentionally walking Howie Kendrick . Callaspo then lined a 2 - 1 pitch to right-center for his third hit of the game . Dan Haren ( 10 - 5 ) allowed two runs and five hits over 8 2/3 innings with eight strikeouts and two walks . Jordan Walden got the final out in the ninth for his 20th save in 23 chances . Mark Trumbo hit a tying two - run homer in the fourth for the Angels , who have lost five of six . Haren gave up a one - out single to Brendan Ryan in the first inning and walked Dustin Ackley with one out , then gave up a two - run single to Adam Kennedy . Haren then struck out Greg Halman to end the inning . Trumbo 's two - run homer tied it in the fourth . Hernandez allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings , struck out six and walked one . Hernandez gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings , struck out six and walked one .
CLEVELAND -- Jose Bautista hit two home runs in a game for the first time in his career . Bautista hit his second homer of the game in the 10th inning to give the Toronto Blue Jays a 5 - 4 win over the Cleveland Indians on Friday night . The Blue Jays have won six of their last seven games . Bautista hit a 1 - 0 pitch from Chris Perez ( 2 - 4 ) over the wall in right for his second career multihomer game . Perez ( 2 - 4 ) gave up one run and two hits in one inning . Jon Rauch ( 3 - 3 ) got the win despite giving up a tying double to Travis Hafner in the bottom of the ninth . Shawn Camp worked the 10th for his first save . The Indians have lost four of five . Shawn Camp worked the 10th for his first save . Toronto starter Brandon Morrow gave up three runs and three hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Cleveland starter Josh Tomlin gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Adam Lind 's RBI single . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Matt LaPorta . Bautista hit a two - out homer in the third to put Toronto ahead 2 - 1 . Sizemore 's two - run homer tied it in the fourth . The Blue Jays regained the lead in the fifth when Eric Thames was hit by a pitch with one out and scored on Lind 's single .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Josh Hamilton is making the most of his opportunity for the Texas Rangers . Hamilton drove in four runs and the Texas Rangers beat the Oakland Athletics 6 - 0 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Rangers have won four of their last five games and are a season-best seven games over .500 . Young led off the fifth with his fourth homer of the season to make it 5 - 0 . Holland ( 7 - 4 ) struck out seven and walked two in his second shutout of the season . Rich Harden ( 1 - 1 ) gave up five runs and eight hits over five innings in his first start of the season . The right-hander struck out two and walked two . The A 's , who have lost six of their last seven games , were held to one run or fewer for the 10th time this season . Ian Kinsler led off the first with a double and scored on Josh Hamilton 's groundout . Elvis Andrus had a one - out single in the third and advanced to second on a wild pitch before scoring on Hamilton 's single to center . Mitch Moreland led off the fourth with a double and scored on Napoli 's single . Endy Chavez reached on a fielder 's choice before Hamilton drove in Chavez with a sacrifice fly . Endy Chavez led off the sixth with a single and stole second before Kinsler walked . Hamilton followed with a sacrifice fly to make it 6 - 0 . Young led off the bottom of the fifth with his fourth homer of the season to make it 5 - 0 . It was Young 's fourth of the season and second in two games .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- Travis Hafner has been a big reason why . Hafner hit a game-ending grand slam in the ninth inning to give the Cleveland Indians a 5 - 4 win over the Toronto Blue Jays on Friday night . Hafner , who had three hits , is hitting .347 with three homers and seven RBIs in his last six games . Tony Sipp ( 4 - 1 ) gave up a solo homer to Jose Bautista in the ninth but got the win . Hafner , who had three hits , drove in the winning run with a single off Frank Francisco in the ninth . Francisco blew a save for the fourth time in five chances . Tony Sipp ( 4 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up a solo homer to Jose Bautista in the top of the ninth . Francisco blew his fourth save in 10 chances . The Blue Jays scored three runs in the fourth on RBI singles by J. P. Arencibia and Rajai Davis . The Blue Jays scored three runs in the fourth on RBI singles by J. P. Arencibia and Rajai Davis . Cleveland starter Zach McAllister gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in four innings . McAllister gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in four innings .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Nate Schierholtz is making the most of his opportunity . Schierholtz hit a game-ending homer in the 14th inning to lift the San Francisco Giants to a 6 - 5 victory over the San Diego Padres on Wednesday night . It was the first game-ending homer of the season for the Giants , who won for the 10th time in 12 games . Schierholtz hit a 1 - 2 pitch from Pat Neshek ( 1 - 1 ) over the wall in left-center for his second career game-ending homer . Javier Lopez ( 4 - 1 ) pitched two perfect innings for the win . The Giants won for the fourth time in five games and handed San Diego its fifth loss in six games . Nate Schierholtz hit two home runs for San Diego , including a two - run shot in the fourth that cut San Francisco 's lead to 4 - 3 . The Padres took a 5 - 3 lead in the sixth when Orlando Hudson singled with two outs and advanced to third on catcher Chris Stewart 's throwing error . Hudson scored on Johnson 's single to put San Francisco ahead 5 - 3 . The Giants tied it in the bottom of the eighth on Andres Torres ' single and a two - run double by Pablo Sandoval . The Padres took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Ryan Ludwick 's two - run double . Andres Torres doubled leading off the bottom of the first and scored on Pablo Sandoval 's groundout . San Diego added a run in the third when Chris Denorfia doubled and scored on Chase Headley 's sacrifice fly . Maybin tripled leading off the fourth and scored on Jesus Guzman 's double .
ANAHEIM , Calif. ( AP ) -- The Detroit Tigers have been waiting all season long . Miguel Cabrera hit a tiebreaking two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Tigers rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Friday night . The Tigers have won six of their last seven games , including three of their last four . Brad Penny ( 6 - 6 ) gave up four runs and six hits over 6 1/3 innings , struck out three and walked two . Jose Valverde pitched a perfect ninth for his 21st save in as many chances , striking out Mark Trumbo to end it . Hisanori Takahashi ( 2 - 2 ) gave up a leadoff walk to Austin Jackson in the seventh and was sacrificed to second by Ramon Santiago . Dirks followed with a tying single to center , and Cabrera followed with his 15th homer of the season to put Detroit ahead 5 - 3 . Mark Trumbo hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Angels , who have lost four straight and six of seven . Mark Trumbo hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Angels , who have lost five of six . The Angels took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run-scoring double by Vernon Wells and a two - run single by Howie Kendrick . The Tigers loaded the bases with two outs in the third on a single by Don Kelly , an error by third baseman Alberto Callaspo and an error by third baseman Alberto Callaspo on Austin Jackson 's grounder to third . After Andy Dirks struck out , Miguel Cabrera walked to load the bases for Martinez , who lined a two - run single to center . The Tigers loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth on a walk to Don Kelly and a single by Santiago , but Santiago was thrown out at home trying to score on Ramon Santiago 's single to center .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) -- Clayton Richard was n't sure if he 'd be done after five innings for the first time in his career . Richard pitched five scoreless innings to win for the first time in more than a month , and the San Diego Padres beat the San Francisco Giants 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Pablo Sandoval hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Giants , who have won four of five . Richard ( 5 - 9 ) allowed two hits and three walks while striking out two . Heath Bell gave up a run in the ninth but held on for his 25th save in 26 chances . Tim Lincecum ( 6 - 7 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out four . The Padres took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Chase Headley 's sacrifice fly and Orlando Hudson 's RBI single . San Francisco added a run in the fifth when Jason Bartlett doubled and scored on Ludwick 's single to right . Sandoval 's two - run homer off Ernesto Frieri in the sixth was his first of the season and second in two games . The Padres added a run in the eighth when Cameron Maybin doubled off Ramon Ramirez and scored on Nick Hundley 's single off Javier Lopez . The Padres added a run in the eighth when Cameron Maybin doubled and scored on Hundley 's single off Javier Lopez . Venable homered off Guillermo Mota leading off the ninth .
TORONTO ( AP ) -- Roy Halladay was n't going to let the game get away . Halladay pitched a complete game and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Toronto Blue Jays 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Halladay ( 11 - 3 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in a season-high nine innings . He walked one and struck out eight . Shawn Camp got the final out of the ninth , Shawn Camp got Raul Ibanez to ground out and end the inning . Utley connected off Luis Perez ( 1 - 1 ) in the seventh , his 11th . Jimmy Rollins led off the ninth with a single off Jon Rauch , who then struck out J. P. Arencibia and Ryan Howard . Shawn Camp came on and got Raul Ibanez to ground out . The Blue Jays made it 5 - 3 in the bottom of the ninth when Edwin Encarnacion led off with a single , but Halladay struck out J. P. Arencibia and got Corey Patterson to ground into a double play . Toronto 's Carlos Villanueva gave up three runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Phillies opened the scoring in the first when Jimmy Rollins walked , stole second and scored on Howard 's single . Bautista tied it with a leadoff homer to left in the fourth , his eighth . The Blue Jays reclaimed the lead in the fifth . Corey Patterson led off with a single and advanced to third on Utley 's throwing error , then scored on John McDonald 's one - out single . Aaron Hill followed with a grounder to Bautista , who threw to second for the second out . Luis Perez ( 1 - 1 ) came on and gave up a two - run homer to Utley .
CINCINNATI -- Justin Masterson has been one of the best pitchers in the American League . The Cleveland right-hander gave up four hits in eight innings , including a solo homer by Brandon Phillips in the bottom of the ninth , and the Indians beat the Cincinnati Reds 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Masterson ( 6 - 6 ) gave up four hits , struck out five and walked one . The right-hander has allowed one run or less in each of his last four starts . Brandon Phillips homered twice for the Reds , including a solo shot in the ninth off Chad Durbin . Bronson Arroyo ( 7 - 7 ) gave up eight runs and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings , his shortest start of the season . The Reds lost for the fourth time in five games . Sizemore put the Indians up 1 - 0 in the second inning with his second homer of the season , a drive that barely cleared the wall in right field . Sizemore 's homer was his second in two games . Cabrera and Santana hit back-to-back homers in the third off Arroyo , who gave up eight runs and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings . The Indians sent nine batters to the plate in the fifth , including Santana 's RBI single and Grady Sizemore 's RBI double . Buck 's two - run single off Sam LeCure made it 8 - 1 . Phillips ' second homer made it 4 - 1 in the fourth . The Indians sent nine batters to the plate in the fifth , including Santana 's RBI single , and Buck 's two - run single off Sam LeCure made it 8 - 1 . The Indians have won six of their last seven games .
DETROIT -- The Detroit Tigers have been waiting all season to keep their playoff hopes alive . Wilson Betemit drove in the go-ahead run with a double in the eighth inning , and the Tigers rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . The Tigers took two of three from the Royals , who have lost four of five . Jackson led off the bottom of the eighth with a triple off Blake Wood ( 5 - 2 ) and scored on Ramon Santiago 's sacrifice fly . Victor Martinez tied it with an RBI double , and Wilson Betemit 's double scored Boesch to make it 5 - 4 . Jose Valverde pitched the ninth for his 40th save in as many chances . He gave up a two - out single to Chris Getz and a two - out single to Chris Getz , who stole second . Brayan Pena walked to load the bases , but Alcides Escobar flied out to end the game . The Tigers lead the AL Central by two games over the Chicago White Sox , who beat the Chicago White Sox 4 - 2 . Eric Hosmer homered twice and drove in two runs for Kansas City , which had won four of its previous five games . Eric Hosmer homered twice for the Royals , and Jeff Francoeur and Mike Moustakas had two hits apiece for Kansas City . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Austin Jackson led off with a double , took third on Ramon Santiago 's sacrifice and scored on Delmon Young 's sacrifice fly . Hosmer 's first homer tied it in the second . The Tigers took a 2 - 1 lead in the third when Austin Jackson scored on a wild pitch by Nate Adcock . Hosmer 's second homer tied it at 2 in the fourth . The Royals took a 4 - 2 lead in the sixth . Alex Gordon led off with a single and scored on Melky Cabrera 's double . Billy Butler followed with an RBI single to make it 4 - 2 .
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- Felix Hernandez did n't have his best stuff . Hernandez pitched a five - hitter for his second complete game of the season , leading the Seattle Mariners to a 2 - 1 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Wednesday night . Hernandez ( 13 - 11 ) struck out nine and walked one in his second complete game of the season and second complete game . He threw 109 pitches . Dan Haren ( 13 - 8 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . He was replaced by Scott Downs , who gave up a two - out , two - run double to Mike Carp in the eighth that gave the Mariners a 2 - 1 lead . Hernandez ( 13 - 11 ) struck out Bobby Abreu , Torii Hunter and Mark Trumbo to end the game . Dan Haren ( 13 - 8 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Angels have lost five of their last six games . Franklin Gutierrez singled with two outs in the eighth and went to third on Dustin Ackley 's single to right . Scott Downs came on to face Carp , who lined a 2 - 1 pitch into the right-field corner to score Gutierrez and Ackley . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Mike Trout led off with a single and advanced to second on Jeff Mathis ' sacrifice bunt . Trout scored on Howie Kendrick 's two - out single . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Mike Trout led off with a single and advanced to second on Jeff Mathis ' sacrifice bunt . Trout scored on Howie Kendrick 's two - out single . The Angels had a chance to take the lead in the fourth when Torii Hunter led off with a single and stole second . But Hernandez struck out Mark Trumbo and got Peter Bourjos to ground out to end the inning . The Mariners loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh on a single by Mike Carp , a single by Kyle Seager and an error by third baseman Alberto Callaspo . Casper Wells reached on an error by third baseman Alberto Callaspo , loading the bases .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- James Shields was n't going to let the game get away . Shields pitched eight shutout innings , David Murphy hit a two - out RBI single in the ninth , and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Texas Rangers 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Shields ( 13 - 10 ) allowed four hits and struck out seven . The Rays have won six of their last seven games , including the first two of this four - game series , and have won six of their last seven overall . Shields ( 13 - 10 ) struck out seven and walked one . Kyle Farnsworth gave up a run in the ninth before striking out Yorvit Torrealba with runners at first and third . The Rangers have lost four of five . Alexi Ogando ( 12 - 7 ) gave up three runs and five hits in 2 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Casey Kotchman singled with one out in the second , and Upton was hit by a pitch before John Jaso 's RBI single made it 1 - 0 . Evan Longoria led off the third with a single and scored on Joyce 's two - out single to make it 3 - 0 . Elvis Andrus had a two - out triple in the sixth before Hamilton struck out . Damon 's homer off Koji Uehara made it 4 - 0 in the seventh . Elvis Andrus had a two - out triple in the sixth and scored on a single by Josh Hamilton .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are on their longest winning streak of the season . Rod Barajas hit a two - run homer and the Dodgers beat the San Diego Padres 4 - 2 on Wednesday night for their fourth straight victory . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games , and their magic number for clinching the NL West remained at two . Ted Lilly ( 9 - 13 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out three and walked four . The left-hander is 2 - 0 with a 2.72 ERA in his last four starts . Javy Guerra pitched the ninth for his 13th save in 14 chances . Wade LeBlanc ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings , struck out three and walked one . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Justin Sellers singled and scored on Kemp 's single . The Padres tied it in the second on a two - out RBI single by Wade LeBlanc . The Dodgers extended their lead to 3 - 1 in the second when James Loney drew a leadoff walk and scored on Barajas ' homer . The Dodgers extended their lead to 4 - 1 in the fourth on a double by Casey Blake and an RBI single by James Loney . The Padres closed to 4 - 2 in the sixth on Alberto Gonzalez 's two - out RBI double . Josh Lindblom struck out Aaron Cunningham to end the inning . The Padres cut the margin to 4 - 2 in the sixth on Alberto Gonzalez 's RBI double off Josh Lindblom .
NEW YORK -- R. A. Dickey is n't going to let a lot of things bother him . Dickey won for the first time in more than a month and the New York Mets beat the Florida Marlins 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 6 - 11 ) gave up seven hits in seven innings , struck out six and walked one . Bobby Parnell gave up a solo homer to Gaby Sanchez in the ninth but held on for his second save . Anibal Sanchez ( 7 - 7 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked four . Nick Evans led off the second with a single and Josh Thole walked . Justin Turner followed with an RBI single . The Mets loaded the bases with one out in the third on a single by Lucas Duda , a walk to Jason Bay and a single by Nick Evans . Josh Thole drove in Duda with a fielder 's choice , and Justin Turner walked to load the bases before Dickey struck out . Josh Thole led off the sixth with a double and Turner walked before Dickey grounded into a double play . The Marlins had a chance to score in the seventh when Mike Cameron hit a one - out double , but Alfredo Amezaga flied out and Emilio Bonifacio grounded out to end the inning . Jason Isringhausen struck out the side in the eighth . Bobby Parnell gave up a homer to Gaby Sanchez in the ninth before getting his second save .
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- Tyler Flowers is making a strong case to stay in the big leagues . Flowers hit a grand slam and drove in four runs to lead the Chicago White Sox to a 9 - 3 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Friday night . Flowers ' grand slam in the sixth inning gave the White Sox a 7 - 0 lead . It was his fourth career grand slam and second this season . He also hit a grand slam against the White Sox on July 28 , 2007 . Flowers is hitting .273 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last 10 games . Konerko , who had three hits , singled to start the sixth and went to second on Alex Rios ' single . After Alexei Ramirez popped out , Dayan Viciedo walked to load the bases . Gavin Floyd ( 12 - 10 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked none . Josh Bard hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Matt Thornton got the final two outs of the ninth , and Matt Thornton got the last two outs of the ninth . Jason Vargas ( 7 - 12 ) gave up nine runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked two and struck out two . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . Konerko led off the fourth with a single and moved to second on Ramirez 's one - out single . Viciedo followed with a drive into the left-field seats to make it 3 - 0 . Viciedo 's two - run homer in the bottom of the inning made it 9 - 0 .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) -- Carlos Lee was n't sure what to expect when he came to the plate with the bases loaded and two outs in the 10th . Jeff Keppinger singled home the winning run in the 10th inning to give the San Francisco Giants a 2 - 1 victory over the Houston Astros on Wednesday night . The Giants won for only the second time in their last 12 home games . Mark DeRosa singled with one out in the 10th against Fernando Rodriguez ( 2 - 3 ) and stole second before Keppinger lined a 2 - 2 pitch over the head of second baseman Jeff Keppinger to score DeRosa . Jeremy Affeldt ( 3 - 2 ) recorded the final two outs of the 10th for the win . The Giants won for only the second time in their last 10 games at AT & T Park dating to last season . The Astros lost for the 10th time in 12 games and fell a season-high nine games below .500 . Jose Altuve drew a leadoff walk in the first and J. D. Martinez drew a two - out walk . Fontenot scored on Carlos Beltran 's groundout to third . The Giants tied it in the fifth when Bourgeois singled , stole second and scored on Lee 's double . San Francisco starter Eric Surkamp allowed one run and six hits in six innings , struck out four and walked three . Surkamp allowed one run and six hits in six innings , struck out four and walked three .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- The Chicago Cubs are on their longest winning streak of the season . Pinch-hitter Tyler Colvin singled home the winning run in the 10th inning and the Cubs beat the St. Louis Cardinals 5 - 4 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Cubs won for the 10th time in 12 games and moved within a half-game of NL Central-leading Cincinnati . The Cubs had a chance to win it in the ninth when Geovany Soto led off with a single off Kyle McClellan and moved to second on Marlon Byrd 's sacrifice bunt . Aramis Ramirez walked before Carlos Pena flied out to end the game . Geovany Soto led off the 10th with a single against Octavio Dotel ( 2 - 3 ) and moved to second on Marlon Byrd 's sacrifice bunt . Sean Marshall ( 6 - 5 ) pitched a perfect 10th for the win . Yadier Molina hit a two - run homer in the second off Randy Wells , and Jaime Garcia added an RBI single for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Freese hit a solo homer in the fourth off Randy Wells , who allowed four runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked three . Cardinals starter Jaime Garcia gave up three runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . Barney tripled with one out in the seventh and scored on Blake DeWitt 's triple to cut the Cardinals ' lead to 4 - 3 . But Motte struck out Starlin Castro and retired Reed Johnson on a grounder to second to end the inning . Jason Motte pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 eighth and Arthur Rhodes walked pinch-hitter Carlos Pena with one out before Arthur Rhodes came in and gave up a tying double to Geovany Soto . Soriano was hit by a pitch to load the bases before Darwin Barney flied out to end the inning . The Cubs had a chance to win it in the ninth when Tony Campana reached on second baseman Ryan Theriot 's fielding error , but Castro lined into a double play . Reed Johnson singled and Aramis Ramirez walked before Pena flied out to end the inning .
ANAHEIM , Calif. ( AP ) -- Torii Hunter has been on a tear since coming off the disabled list on July 31 . Hunter homered twice and drove in five runs , leading the Los Angeles Angels to an 8 - 3 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Friday night . Hunter has been on a tear since returning from the disabled list on July 8 after missing two games because of a sore left knee . Hunter 's two - run homer in the seventh off Willie Eyre put the Angels ahead 7 - 3 . It was his second multihomer game of the season and the first since he hit two against the Orioles on July 26 . Dan Haren ( 13 - 6 ) gave up three runs and nine hits over seven innings , striking out eight without a walk . Jo-Jo Reyes ( 6 - 10 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings , struck out six and walked three . The Angels took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on Howie Kendrick 's RBI single and Hunter 's two - run homer . The Angels increased their margin to 5 - 0 in the second when Bourjos homered into the lower seats in the right-field corner after singles by Adam Jones and Vladimir Guerrero . The Orioles closed to 5 - 1 in the third when J. J. Hardy doubled and scored on Adam Jones ' sacrifice fly . The Orioles closed to 5 - 2 in the fifth on a sacrifice fly by Adam Jones . Baltimore got a run back in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Jones . Hunter hit a two - run homer off Willie Eyre in the seventh to make it 7 - 3 .
ATLANTA -- Carlos Pena 's first homer in almost two months was a big one . Pena hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs to lead the Chicago Cubs to a 6 - 5 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Friday night . Pena 's homer off Eric O'Flaherty ( 1 - 4 ) gave the Cubs a 6 - 5 lead in the seventh . Pena , who had three hits , drove in three runs and scored a run . The Cubs trailed 4 - 0 before scoring four runs in the sixth . Darwin Barney and Aramis Ramirez singled before Carlos Pena 's sacrifice fly and Tyler Colvin 's two - run single off Scott Linebrink cut the Cubs ' lead to 4 - 3 . Pena hit a two - run homer in the seventh off Eric O'Flaherty ( 1 - 4 ) to give the Cubs a 6 - 5 lead . Carlos Marmol pitched the ninth for his 28th save in 31 chances . He gave up a walk to Michael Bourn and stole second before getting Martin Prado to pop out to end the game . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Michael Bourn led off with a single , moved to third on Jose Constanza 's single and scored on Dan Uggla 's sacrifice fly . The Braves took a 3 - 0 lead in the second . Alex Gonzalez singled , took second on Jose Constanza 's single and scored on Michael Bourn 's single . Martin Prado followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 0 . The Braves added two runs in the fourth . Jose Constanza walked , stole second and scored on Michael Bourn 's single . The Cubs scored four runs in the sixth . Darwin Barney and Aramis Ramirez singled and scored on Carlos Pena 's sacrifice fly . Marlon Byrd singled and Alfonso Soriano singled off Scott Linebrink to load the bases . Arodys Vizcaino replaced Linebrink and gave up a two - run single to Tyler Colvin to cut the lead to 4 - 3 . Arodys Vizcaino replaced Linebrink and struck out pinch-hitter Brooks Conrad and got Michael Bourn to pop out to end the inning . The Braves took a 5 - 4 lead in the sixth . Jason Heyward led off with a single , stole second and scored on Grabow 's throwing error .
TORONTO ( AP ) -- Adam Lind had a big night at the plate . Lind hit a grand slam and drove in five runs as the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Los Angeles Angels 11 - 2 on Friday night , snapping a four - game losing streak . Lind 's fifth career grand slam came in the fifth inning , when the Blue Jays sent nine batters to the plate and scored five runs in the inning . Lind went 1 - for - 4 with a homer and five RBIs . Ricky Romero ( 11 - 9 ) allowed one run and two hits in seven innings to win for the first time in four starts . He walked two and struck out three . Jered Weaver ( 14 - 6 ) allowed eight runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings , matching his shortest outing of the season . He walked two and struck out three . Lind 's fifth-inning homer gave Toronto an 8 - 1 lead , but the Blue Jays answered with three runs in the bottom half against Joel Pineiro . John McDonald led off with a single and Yunel Escobar reached on shortstop Andrew Romine 's throwing error . Eric Thames walked , Edwin Encarnacion hit an RBI single and Adam Lind followed with a sacrifice fly . Lind followed with a sacrifice fly and J. P. Arencibia followed with an RBI single . Encarnacion made it 2 - 0 with a two - out homer in the first , his 18th . The Blue Jays made it 3 - 0 in the second when Rajai Davis doubled and scored on John McDonald 's double . Alberto Callaspo cut it to 3 - 1 with a leadoff homer to left in the fifth , his 11th . The Blue Jays added three more in the sixth against Joel Pineiro . Edwin Encarnacion and J. P. Arencibia hit RBI singles .
PHILADELPHIA -- Livan Hernandez was n't going to let the game get away . Hernandez pitched 6 2/3 strong innings and drove in two runs , leading the Washington Nationals to a 4 - 2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Friday night . Hernandez ( 7 - 11 ) gave up one unearned run and four hits , striking out three . Drew Storen gave up a run in the ninth before getting Raul Ibanez to pop up for his 31st save in 35 chances . Cole Hamels ( 13 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked four . The Phillies lost for the fifth time in six games and remained a half-game behind Atlanta in the NL East . Hamels ( 13 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked four . The Nationals took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Livan Hernandez 's RBI single and Rick Ankiel 's RBI single . Ryan Howard reached on an error by second baseman Danny Espinosa leading off the fifth and scored on Wilson Valdez 's two - out single . The Nationals took a 3 - 1 lead in the fifth . Rick Ankiel led off with a single , stole second and went to third on Danny Espinosa 's single to right . Zimmerman walked to load the bases , and Werth drove in Ankiel with a groundout to second . The Nationals tacked on a run in the sixth off Kyle Kendrick . Desmond doubled with one out and scored on Livan Hernandez 's single to right . The Nationals tacked on a run in the sixth off Kyle Kendrick . Desmond doubled and scored on Hernandez 's single to right .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- The Chicago Cubs have been in first place in the NL Central since the All-Star break . The Cubs won for the seventh time in eight games , beating the Washington Nationals 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Cubs won for the seventh time in nine games and moved within a half-game of first-place Chicago in the NL Central . Rodrigo Lopez ( 3 - 3 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Carlos Marmol struck out the side in the ninth for his 25th save in 28 chances . Ross Detwiler ( 1 - 2 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked two . Soriano 's homer in the sixth off Collin Balester gave the Cubs a 4 - 2 lead . The Nationals scored an unearned run in the first when Starlin Castro misplayed Michael Morse 's grounder for an error , allowing Ryan Zimmerman to score . The Nationals got a run back in the bottom of the first when Ryan Zimmerman singled with two outs and scored on a throwing error by shortstop Starlin Castro . Soto led off the second with his fourth homer of the season to tie it at 1 . The Cubs went ahead in the fourth when Geovany Soto drew a one - out walk and scored on a two - out double by Alfonso Soriano . Soriano homered off Collin Balester in the sixth to make it 4 - 2 .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- Melky Cabrera had a big night at the plate . Cabrera hit a three - run homer and drove in five runs , leading the Tampa Bay Rays to an 8 - 7 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . Cabrera 's three - run homer off Jake McGee ( 1 - 1 ) gave the Royals a 7 - 3 lead in the top of the ninth . Melky Cabrera hit a three - run homer and drove in five runs for the AL East leaders , who have won four of five . Royals reliever Aaron Crow gave up a leadoff single to Matt Joyce in the ninth , and Joakim Soria ( 5 - 5 ) gave up a single to Johnny Damon and a run-scoring double to Evan Longoria . Casey Kotchman 's RBI single made it 6 - 6 . Soria was charged with three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . Jake McGee ( 1 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up a three - run homer to Melky Cabrera in the top of the ninth . The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth when Johnny Giavotella hit an RBI triple and Salvador Perez followed with a sacrifice fly to make it 2 - 0 . Kansas City made it 3 - 0 in the fifth when Alcides Escobar led off with a double and scored on Melky Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . The Rays loaded the bases with one out in the sixth on singles by Ben Zobrist , Casey Kotchman and B. J. Upton sandwiched around a walk to Fuld . Louis Coleman replaced Tim Collins and got Robinson Chirinos to pop out , then got Matt Joyce to pop out to end the inning . The Royals loaded the bases with one out in the seventh on a single by Salvador Perez , a walk to Escobar and Alex Gordon 's walk to load the bases . Cabrera hit a sacrifice fly off J. P. Howell to make it 4 - 2 . Tampa Bay cut it to 4 - 3 on an RBI single by pinch hitter Desmond Jennings in the eighth off Greg Holland .
NEW YORK -- The Los Angeles Angels were on their longest winning streak of the season . Bobby Abreu and the rest of the Los Angeles Angels ' lineup looked pretty good . Abreu hit two home runs , including a two - run shot off Mariano Rivera in the ninth inning , and the Angels rallied for a 6 - 4 victory over the New York Yankees on Tuesday night . Abreu became the first player in major league history to homer in his first two major league games , according to information provided by the Elias Sports Bureau . Alberto Callaspo led off the ninth with a pinch-hit single off Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) and stole second and advanced to third on a groundout by Howie Kendrick . Abreu then drove a 3 - 1 pitch into the right-field seats for his 21st home run of the season . It was Rivera 's fifth blown save in 28 chances . Scott Downs ( 6 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Jordan Walden worked the ninth for his 26th save in 31 chances . He gave up a leadoff single to Eduardo Nunez , but struck out Brett Gardner and got Curtis Granderson to ground into a fielder 's choice . Derek Jeter tied it with a two - run single off Fernando Rodney , but Hisanori Takahashi struck out Curtis Granderson to end the inning . The Yankees trailed 4 - 1 in the seventh when Russell Martin doubled with two outs and scored on Eduardo Nunez 's single off Fernando Rodney . After Vernon Wells flied out , Burnett walked Peter Bourjos to load the bases for Mathis , who hit a two - run double down the right-field line . Bourjos scored on Aybar 's wild pitch to give Los Angeles a 4 - 1 lead . Abreu led off the sixth with his second homer of the game , and Torii Hunter and Mark Trumbo drew one - out walks before Mark Trumbo walked . After Vernon Wells flied out , Burnett walked Peter Bourjos to load the bases .
PHOENIX -- The Arizona Diamondbacks have been in first place in the NL West since the All-Star break . Cody Ransom hit a go-ahead , two - run homer in the seventh inning , Ian Kennedy pitched seven effective innings and the Diamondbacks beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Diamondbacks won for the fourth time in five games and maintained a two - game lead over San Francisco in the NL West . Ransom hit a two - run homer off Clayton Kershaw ( 13 - 5 ) in the seventh inning to give Arizona a 4 - 3 lead . Ian Kennedy ( 14 - 3 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings to win his fourth straight start . J. J. Putz pitched a perfect ninth for his 26th save in 31 chances . Clayton Kershaw ( 13 - 5 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings , striking out seven and walking three . The Dodgers tied it in the sixth on Andre Ethier 's RBI double and Juan Rivera 's RBI single . Ransom hit a two - run homer off Kershaw in the seventh to put Arizona up 4 - 3 . The Diamondbacks jumped on Kershaw for two runs in the first . Ryan Roberts drew a leadoff walk , then Johnson drove a 3 - 2 pitch into the left-field seats to make it 2 - 0 . James Loney led off the fifth with a home run for the Dodgers . The Dodgers tied it at 2 in the sixth on Andre Ethier 's RBI double and Juan Rivera 's RBI single .
MIAMI ( AP ) -- The St. Louis Cardinals are making a habit of trying to stay in the playoff race . Albert Pujols homered and Matt Holliday drove in three runs , including a tiebreaking single in the ninth inning , and the Cardinals beat the Florida Marlins 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Cardinals won for the fifth time in six games and remained two games ahead of St. Louis in the NL Central . Albert Pujols homered for the second consecutive game and Matt Holliday had two hits and three RBIs for the Cardinals , who took two of three from the NL East leaders . Jon Jay had a two - run single in the sixth , and Matt Holliday had two hits and three RBIs . The Cardinals trailed 4 - 2 in the seventh when Corey Patterson reached on shortstop Emilio Bonifacio 's throwing error and scored on Ryan Theriot 's single . Holliday 's two - run single off Burke Badenhop gave St. Louis a 7 - 4 lead . Pinch-hitter Bryan Petersen hit a two - run homer in the sixth to tie the game at 4 . The Cardinals took a 4 - 2 lead in the seventh on Ryan Theriot 's RBI single and Holliday 's two - run single off Burke Badenhop . Florida starter Javier Vazquez allowed four runs -- one earned -- and three hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . The Marlins took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on an RBI groundout by Gaby Sanchez . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Javier Vazquez led off with a double , moved to third on Emilio Bonifacio 's sacrifice bunt and scored on Alfredo Amezaga 's single . Pujols homered in the fourth to tie the game at 1 . The Marlins scored their first run in the fifth on an RBI groundout by Gaby Sanchez .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Tony Campana 's first home run in almost two months was a big one . Campana hit his first major league homer and drove in two runs to lead the Chicago Cubs to a 4 - 3 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Campana was activated from the disabled list before the game . He went 3 for 5 with a homer and two RBIs . The Cubs won for the seventh time in nine games and moved within a half-game of first-place St. Louis in the NL Central . Ryan Dempster ( 9 - 8 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked six . Carlos Marmol pitched the ninth for his 24th save in 29 chances . Mike Leake ( 9 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . Campana hit a two - run homer in the first inning to give the Cubs a 2 - 0 lead . Colvin led off the second with a drive to center for his ninth homer . The Reds got two runs back in the fourth on an RBI single by Mike Leake and a wild pitch by Leake . The Cubs loaded the bases with one out in the sixth on a walk to Carlos Pena and a double by Blake DeWitt , but Leake escaped by striking out pinch-hitter Reed Johnson . The Cubs added a run in the seventh off Jose Arredondo . Castro walked and Tony Campana doubled to put runners on second and third . Wood then struck out pinch-hitter Fred Lewis and Drew Stubbs to end the threat . Hernandez led off the eighth with a homer off Kerry Wood to cut it to 4 - 3 . Alonso followed with a double , but Wood struck out Todd Frazier and Drew Stubbs to end the threat .
HOUSTON ( AP ) -- Yovani Gallardo did n't have his best stuff . Gallardo pitched eight strong innings to lead the Milwaukee Brewers to an 8 - 1 win over the Houston Astros on Friday night . Gallardo ( 13 - 7 ) allowed one run and four hits , striking out six and walking one . Ryan Braun had three hits and drove in a run , and Casey McGehee added a two - run double for the Brewers , who won for the seventh time in eight games . Corey Hart homered for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Ryan Braun had three hits and scored twice . J. A. Happ ( 4 - 14 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in four - plus innings . The Brewers jumped on Happ for three runs in the first inning . Carlos Lee and J. D. Martinez singled to start the inning . Lee advanced to third on a sacrifice bunt by Brian Bogusevic and scored on a single by Humberto Quintero to cut the lead to 3 - 1 . The Brewers added three runs in the third on RBI singles by Yuniesky Betancourt and Jonathan Lucroy . Hart led off the sixth with a homer off Aneury Rodriguez to make it 7 - 1 . Hart led off the sixth with a homer off Aneury Rodriguez to make it 7 - 1 . The Brewers added a run in the ninth off Enerio Del Rosario .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) -- Cliff Lee did n't have his best stuff . Lee threw a seven - hitter for his second shutout of the season and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the San Francisco Giants 3 - 0 on Wednesday night . Lee ( 11 - 7 ) struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . He threw 106 pitches , 76 for strikes . Lee 's only blemish was a one - out double by Carlos Beltran in the ninth . Madison Bumgarner ( 6 - 11 ) gave up two runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out nine and walked two . The Giants have been shut out in consecutive games for the first time this season . Pence and John Mayberry Jr. hit consecutive home runs in the second inning for the Phillies , who have won four of five . Shane Victorino singled off Santiago Casilla with one out in the ninth and moved to second on a groundout by Howard . Hunter Pence followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 0 . The Phillies added a run in the ninth against Santiago Casilla on Hunter Pence 's RBI single . Aubrey Huff led off the bottom of the eighth with a single and was replaced by pinch hitter Andres Torres . Pinch-hitter Andres Torres singled with one out , but Lee struck out Aaron Rowand and got Jeff Keppinger to ground out to second to end the inning . The Giants had runners on second and third with one out in the ninth but failed to score when Orlando Cabrera fouled out and Jeff Keppinger grounded out to end the inning . The Giants have been shut out in three of their last four games .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) -- The way Ryan Vogelsong has been pitching lately , it was n't easy . Vogelsong took a shutout into the seventh inning and the San Francisco Giants beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 8 - 1 on Tuesday night . Vogelsong ( 9 - 1 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings , struck out seven and walked three . Orlando Cabrera hit a two - run double in a four - run third against Jason Marquis ( 8 - 6 ) and Orlando Cabrera added a two - run double in the Giants ' three - run third . Marquis ( 8 - 6 ) was tagged for eight runs -- seven earned -- and 10 hits in four - plus innings . He walked one and struck out one . The Giants scored four runs in the third on an RBI single by Pablo Sandoval and a run-scoring groundout by Cody Ross . San Francisco added three more runs in the fifth on Orlando Cabrera 's two - run double and Ross ' two - run double off Brad Ziegler . The Diamondbacks scored their only run in the seventh on a double by Cody Ransom , a single by Henry Blanco and an RBI single by Zach Duke . Mota walked Ryan Roberts with one out in the eighth and then struck out Paul Goldschmidt , then walked Cody Ransom to put runners on first and second with two outs . Mota then struck out Henry Blanco on three pitches to end the threat . The Giants have won six of their last seven games . The Giants scored four runs in the third on an RBI single by Pablo Sandoval and a run-scoring grounder by Cody Ross . The Giants , who had lost five of their previous six games , scored three runs in the third to make it 8 - 0 . Andres Torres and Keppinger opened the inning with singles , Pablo Sandoval singled in a run and Carlos Beltran drove in a run with a single . Carlos Beltran then drove in a run with a groundout . The Giants scored three more runs in the third on an RBI groundout by Cabrera and a run-scoring grounder by Cody Ross .
DENVER ( AP ) -- The Philadelphia Phillies are going to have to wait a little longer . Shane Victorino led off the 10th inning with a home run to lift the Phillies to a 4 - 3 win over the Colorado Rockies on Friday night . The NL East-leading Phillies won for the fifth time in six games and remained two games ahead of second-place Atlanta in the NL East . Victorino led off the bottom of the ninth with a home run off Huston Street to tie it at 3 . It was the first pinch-hit homer of his career and the first by a Phillies pinch hitter this season . Victorino led off the 10th with a drive to right off Rex Brothers ( 1 - 2 ) . Ryan Madson pitched a perfect 10th for his 19th save in 21 chances . The Phillies rallied in the ninth against closer Huston Street , who blew his third save in 20 chances . Carlos Ruiz doubled with two outs and scored on Mayberry 's homer to right . The Phillies got a run back in the seventh on Raul Ibanez 's RBI double . Hamels allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Smith 's two - run homer in the second off Cole Hamels gave the Rockies a 2 - 0 lead . The Phillies got a run back in the seventh when Hunter Pence led off with a single and scored on Raul Ibanez 's double . Iannetta led off the seventh with a homer off Michael Stutes to make it 3 - 1 .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Miguel Batista did n't have his best stuff . Batista pitched a two - hitter for his second shutout of the season , and the New York Mets beat the Cincinnati Reds 3 - 0 Friday night for their fourth straight victory . Batista ( 5 - 2 ) struck out five and walked two in his fourth career complete game and second this season . He threw a season-high 123 pitches . Mike Baxter hit a two - run homer off Edinson Volquez ( 5 - 7 ) in the sixth inning , and Mike Baxter added a two - run shot in the sixth for New York . Volquez ( 5 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Josh Satin singled with one out in the sixth for the Mets ' first hit and Baxter followed with a drive into the left-field seats for his 15th homer of the season . It was Baxter 's first home run since June 19 . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Willie Harris walked , took second on David Wright 's single and scored on Nick Evans ' single . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth . Willie Harris walked with one out and advanced to second on David Wright 's single . Nick Evans singled home Harris , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Jason Pridie doubled to lead off the fifth for the Mets ' first hit . He advanced to third on Miguel Batista 's sacrifice bunt , but Batista got Justin Turner to ground out and retired Ruben Tejada on a grounder . Jason Pridie hit a leadoff double in the fifth and advanced to third on Miguel Batista 's sacrifice bunt . But Volquez got Justin Turner to ground out and retired Ruben Tejada on a grounder to end the inning . Reyes left the game with a strained left hamstring and is day to day .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- The Tampa Bay Rays keep finding ways to win . Matt Joyce hit a go-ahead , three - run homer in the seventh inning and the Rays beat the New York Yankees 5 - 3 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . The Rays remained a half-game ahead of Boston in the AL wild-card race . Russell Martin hit a two - run homer off Jeremy Hellickson in the sixth to give the Yankees a 5 - 3 lead . Joyce hit a three - run homer off Rafael Soriano ( 2 - 3 ) to put Tampa Bay up 5 - 3 in the seventh . Jake McGee ( 4 - 2 ) pitched the seventh for the win . Kyle Farnsworth pitched the ninth for his 25th save . Ben Zobrist put the Rays up 2 - 0 with a two - run homer in the second off Bartolo Colon , who allowed two runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . The Yankees loaded the bases with two outs in the third on a single by Johnny Damon , a walk to Brett Gardner and an intentional walk to Robinson Cano . Hellickson intentionally walked Robinson Cano and Alex Rodriguez to load the bases before Mark Teixeira flied out to end the inning . The Yankees tied it at 2 in the fifth when Brett Gardner led off with a single and advanced to third on Eduardo Nunez 's single . Curtis Granderson grounded into a double play , tying it at 2 . Alex Rodriguez drew a leadoff walk in the sixth and Mark Teixeira followed with a double . Nick Swisher followed with an RBI double to put the Yankees up 3 - 2 . Hellickson intentionally walked Jorge Posada to load the bases before Russell Martin lined into a double play to end the inning . Zobrist led off the sixth with a single against Cory Wade , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double .
DETROIT ( AP ) -- The Detroit Tigers had a lot to do with that . Delmon Young hit a three - run homer in Detroit 's seven - run eighth inning , and the Tigers beat the Cleveland Indians 14 - 0 on Wednesday night . The Tigers have won four of their last five games . Fister ( 11 - 13 ) gave up three hits and no walks in eight innings . He struck out nine without a walk . Delmon Young hit a three - run homer and Andy Dirks added a two - run double in the eighth for the Tigers , who have won six of their last seven games . The Indians have lost four of five . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 10 - 13 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in five - plus innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Tigers scored four runs in the third on Cabrera 's RBI single and a two - run double by Alex Avila . Martinez 's RBI double made it 5 - 0 in the fifth , and Alex Avila drove in Martinez with a single to make it 6 - 0 . The Tigers loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth against Corey Kluber , who hit Don Kelly with a pitch and then hit Delmon Young with a pitch to put runners on first and second . Kluber then hit Delmon Young with a pitch to put runners on first and second with two outs , but Cabrera grounded into a force play to end the inning . The Indians had a chance to take the lead in the eighth when Matt LaPorta singled with one out , but Fister struck out Ezequiel Carrera and got Lou Marson to line out .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- The Texas Rangers are still in first place in the AL West . Matt Harrison took a shutout into the sixth inning , Dustin Ackley had a sacrifice fly and Miguel Olivo added a sacrifice fly in the sixth to help the Rangers beat the Seattle Mariners 5 - 3 on Wednesday night . The Rangers won for only the second time in their last 12 home games . Harrison ( 14 - 9 ) gave up three runs and three hits in six innings . He struck out one and walked two . Neftali Feliz worked the ninth for his 30th save in 35 chances . Anthony Vasquez ( 1 - 5 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings . The Rangers had the bases loaded with one out in the second when Ian Kinsler hit into a double play . Hamilton hit his 21st homer in the third , a solo shot that made it 3 - 0 . Gentry made it 5 - 0 with a two - run homer in the fourth , his 14th of the season and second in two games . The Mariners scored three runs in the sixth . Alex Liddi drew a leadoff walk , took third on a single by Chris Gimenez and scored on Ichiro Suzuki 's single . Trayvon Robinson walked and Dustin Ackley hit a sacrifice fly to make it 5 - 2 . Miguel Olivo 's sacrifice fly made it 5 - 3 , but Mike Carp grounded out to end the inning . The Mariners , who have lost six of their last seven games , have lost five of their last six games . Neftali Feliz worked the ninth for his 30th save in 35 chances .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) -- Michael Morse is making a strong case to stay in the majors . Morse hit a three - run homer to help the Washington Nationals beat the Philadelphia Phillies 6 - 1 on Wednesday night . Morse , who entered the game in a 1 - for - 18 slump , hit a three - run homer in the eighth inning to help the Nationals win for the seventh time in eight games . Morse is hitting .304 with three homers and seven RBIs in his last six games . Morse 's homer was the first of his career , a three - run shot in the eighth that gave the Nationals a 6 - 0 lead . Oswalt ( 8 - 10 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Brad Peacock ( 2 - 0 ) allowed one hit in 5 2/3 scoreless innings to earn his second win in his last three starts . He struck out two and walked two . The Phillies threatened in the sixth when Roy Oswalt ( 8 - 10 ) walked Roy Oswalt and Jimmy Rollins . Tom Gorzelanny came in and retired Shane Victorino on a fly to right before Gorzelanny walked Chase Utley to load the bases . Raul Ibanez flied out to left to end the threat . Doug Slaten got the last two outs of the ninth for the Nationals . The Nationals took a 2 - 0 lead in the third . Rick Ankiel led off with a double and scored on Ian Desmond 's double . Roger Bernadina followed with a single to right to score Desmond . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . The Phillies loaded the bases with one out in the sixth , but Peacock got Shane Victorino to fly out to left and Raul Ibanez flied out .
DETROIT -- Baltimore manager Buck Showalter was n't worried about his team 's latest win . Nolan Reimold hit a tiebreaking RBI single in the sixth inning , and the Orioles beat the Detroit Tigers 6 - 5 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Orioles have won six of their last seven games . Zach Britton ( 11 - 10 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out one . Delmon Young hit a tying three - run homer in the fifth to tie the game at 5 . Kevin Gregg pitched a perfect ninth for his 21st save in 23 chances . The Orioles took a 5 - 0 lead in the fourth on Adam Jones ' two - run homer and Nolan Reimold 's sacrifice fly , but Kevin Gregg pitched a perfect ninth for his 21st save in 23 chances . Adam Jones hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Orioles , and Nolan Reimold added a sacrifice fly in the bottom of the inning . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when J. J. Hardy and Nick Markakis singled , and Vladimir Guerrero hit a sacrifice fly . The Orioles made it 2 - 0 in the third on Jones ' two - run homer , and Nolan Reimold added a sacrifice fly in the bottom of the inning . Delmon Young walked to lead off the bottom of the fourth , Miguel Cabrera walked and Victor Martinez hit into a double play .
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) -- The Texas Rangers have been waiting all season long enough to keep their playoff hopes alive . Ian Kinsler and Josh Hamilton hit consecutive home runs in the eighth inning and the Rangers beat the Oakland Athletics 3 - 2 on Tuesday night to snap a four - game losing streak . The Rangers won for the seventh time in eight games and reduced their magic number for clinching their third straight division title to six . The Rangers ' magic number to clinch the AL West remained at three . The Rangers beat the A 's for the second time in three days . Ian Kinsler and Josh Hamilton hit solo homers in the eighth for the Rangers , who won for the fifth time in six games . The A 's lost for the 10th time in 12 games and fell a season-high nine games below .500 . Neftali Feliz walked Josh Willingham leading off the ninth before retiring Scott Sizemore and Cliff Pennington for his 29th save in 31 chances . Rangers starter C. J. Wilson struck out eight in six - plus innings , allowing two runs on five hits and three walks . He retired the first 10 batters he faced before Cliff Pennington doubled with one out in the fifth and stole third . Brandon Allen singled in Pennington with the tying run , and Weeks followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 1 . The Rangers had runners on first and third with no outs in the second when Mike Napoli hit into a double play that scored Michael Young , who had singled . The A 's made it 2 - 1 in the fifth on an RBI single by Brandon Allen and an RBI single by Jemile Weeks . Adrian Beltre led off the seventh with a single and moved to second on Murphy 's one - out single , but Nelson Cruz popped out and Chavez flied out . Wilson allowed two runs and five hits in six innings , struck out eight and walked three .
MIAMI -- Randall Delgado 's first major league win was a memorable one . Delgado pitched five - hit ball for five innings , and the Atlanta Braves beat the Florida Marlins 4 - 0 on Wednesday night . Delgado ( 1 - 1 ) gave up five hits , walked two and struck out one . The Braves scored three runs in the second off Anibal Sanchez ( 8 - 9 ) . Gonzalez led off the inning with a homer and Michael Bourn added an RBI double . Martin Prado added an RBI single later in the inning . Freeman 's homer in the sixth off Brian Sanches gave the Braves a 4 - 0 lead . Anibal Sanchez ( 8 - 9 ) allowed three runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Marlins have lost five of their past six games . The Marlins loaded the bases with one out in the third on singles by Emilio Bonifacio and Omar Infante and a walk to Giancarlo Stanton . Logan Morrison lined into a double play to end the inning . The Marlins loaded the bases with one out in the third on singles by Emilio Bonifacio and Omar Infante and a walk to Giancarlo Stanton . Logan Morrison lined into a double play to end the inning . The Marlins , who have the worst record in the majors , lost for the fourth time in five games . The Braves loaded the bases with two outs in the first , but Sanchez struck out Dan Uggla and got Freddie Freeman to line out to third to end the inning . The Braves scored three runs in the second . Gonzalez led off with a homer to left , and Michael Bourn 's double scored Heyward . Martin Prado 's RBI single made it 3 - 0 .
PHILADELPHIA -- Kyle Lohse was n't going to let the game get away from him . Lohse pitched into the ninth inning for his first win in more than a month , and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Philadelphia Phillies 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Lohse ( 14 - 8 ) allowed one unearned run and seven hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . Roy Halladay ( 18 - 6 ) gave up four runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out six and walked four . The Phillies scored two runs in the ninth off Jason Motte to cut the deficit to 4 - 3 . Halladay ( 18 - 6 ) gave up four runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out six and walked four . Rafael Furcal led off the game with a double and scored on Nick Punto 's groundout . Berkman drove Halladay 's 1 - 0 pitch into the seats in left-center for a 2 - 0 lead . The Phillies cut it to 2 - 1 in the second on Carlos Ruiz 's RBI single . Lohse led off the third with a double and scored on Berkman 's two - out single to right . The Cardinals made it 3 - 1 in the third when Lohse doubled and scored on Berkman 's two - out single . The Cardinals made it 4 - 1 in the seventh when Nick Punto walked with two outs and scored on a double by Pujols . Halladay intentionally walked Lance Berkman before getting Craig to ground into a force play to end the inning . The Cardinals made it 4 - 1 in the seventh on Pujols ' RBI double .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- Erick Aybar is making a habit of coming out of the All-Star break . Aybar homered twice and drove in four runs , leading the Los Angeles Angels to an 11 - 2 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Friday night . Aybar hit a two - run drive in the fourth inning and a two - run shot in the sixth to help the Angels win for the seventh time in eight games . Aybar , who had four hits , is batting .442 ( 17 - for - 33 ) with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last six games . Wells ' two - run drive in the fourth was the first of his career , and Aybar followed with a two - run shot to make it 6 - 1 . Weaver ( 18 - 7 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked one . Alfredo Simon ( 4 - 9 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . The right-hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in his last four starts . The Angels made it 8 - 1 in the sixth against Brad Bergesen . Jeff Mathis was hit by a pitch with two outs and took second on a double by Erick Aybar . Kendrick followed with a two - run double to make it 8 - 1 . The Angels added three runs in the eighth against Jo-Jo Reyes . Erick Aybar hit an RBI double and scored on a single by Torii Hunter . The Angels got a first-inning run when Erick Aybar drew a leadoff walk and scored on a double by Abreu . Baltimore tied it in the bottom half . Nick Markakis singled with two outs and scored on a triple by Vladimir Guerrero . Aybar led off the third with his second home run of the season , a drive to left that traveled an estimated 442 feet . It was the first home run allowed by Simon in his career . Aybar put the Angels up 2 - 1 in the third with his 18th home run .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Cleveland Indians are on their longest winning streak of the season . Shelley Duncan hit a three - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Indians rallied for a 6 - 5 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Friday night . The Indians won for the 10th time in 12 games and moved within one game of first-place Detroit in the AL Central . Justin Masterson ( 12 - 10 ) gave up three runs -- one earned -- on seven hits with three strikeouts and one walk in six innings for the win . Chris Perez pitched the ninth for his 34th save in 38 chances . Carl Pavano ( 8 - 13 ) gave up four runs -- one earned -- and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Jose Mijares relieved Pavano with two outs and the bases loaded in the seventh and walked Jason Kipnis to force in a run . Jose Mijares came on and walked Carlos Santana to force in a run and then allowed a two - run double to Shelley Duncan . The Twins loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth against Tony Sipp on a double by Chris Parmelee , a double by Chris Parmelee and a walk to pinch-hitter Danny Valencia . Vinnie Pestano came on and struck out Joe Benson , but walked pinch-hitter Danny Valencia on four pitches to force in a run and make it 6 - 4 . Ben Revere then drew a bases-loaded walk from Vinnie Pestano to make it 6 - 5 , but Trevor Plouffe popped out to end the inning . The Twins have lost six of their last seven games . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Luke Hughes led off with a single and took third on a single by Brian Dinman . Hughes scored on a groundout by Joe Benson . The Twins made it 3 - 0 in the sixth . Chris Parmelee reached on shortstop Jason Donald 's throwing error and scored on Dinkelman 's single to make it 3 - 0 .
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) -- Justin Verlander was n't going to let the game get away from him . Verlander struck out six in eight shutout innings and the Detroit Tigers beat the Oakland Athletics 3 - 0 on Friday night . Verlander ( 24 - 5 ) allowed three hits and walked three . Jose Valverde pitched a perfect ninth for his major league-leading 46th save in as many chances . Guillermo Moscoso ( 8 - 9 ) gave up one hit in six innings , striking out eight and walking two . Jackson led off the sixth with his 12th home run of the season and first since July 30 . The Tigers added a run in the ninth when Alex Avila singled off Josh Outman and took third on Ryan Raburn 's double . Danny Worth flied out before Andrew Carignan came on to face Ramon Santiago , who drove in Avila with a sacrifice fly to make it 3 - 0 . Jackson hit Moscoso 's second pitch of the sixth over the wall in right for his 12th home run of the season . Brandon Inge added an RBI double in the eighth off Craig Breslow . Alex Avila singled off Josh Outman to start the ninth and moved to third on Ryan Raburn 's double down the right-field line . Outman retired Danny Worth on a fly ball to the warning track in right before Santiago 's sacrifice bunt . Jose Valverde pitched a perfect ninth for his major league-leading 46th save in as many chances . The A 's have lost three of their last four games .
WASHINGTON -- Giancarlo Stanton was n't sure what to expect when he came to the plate with the bases loaded and one out . Stanton hit an RBI double in the 13th inning , and the Florida Marlins rallied for a 4 - 1 victory over the Washington Nationals on Friday night . The Marlins won for the 10th time in 13 games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . John Buck led off the 13th with a single off Collin Balester ( 1 - 4 ) and Murphy followed with a two - run homer . Ian Desmond led off the 11th with a routine grounder to Cishek , who threw to second for an error . Desmond advanced to third on Roger Bernadina 's sacrifice bunt , and Ryan Zimmerman was intentionally walked before Michael Morse grounded into a double play . Cishek walked Ryan Zimmerman intentionally to load the bases with one out in the 11th , but he got Michael Morse to ground into a double play . Washington 's Stephen Strasburg allowed one run and four hits over six innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Washington 's Stephen Strasburg allowed one run and four hits over six innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Wilson Ramos led off the bottom of the fifth with a homer off Chris Volstad to tie the score at 1 . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Chris Volstad led off with a double , moved to third on Emilio Bonifacio 's sacrifice bunt and scored on Omar Infante 's sacrifice fly . Wilson Ramos tied it in the fifth with a leadoff homer to left . The Marlins tied it in the bottom of the inning on a groundout by Omar Infante and an RBI single by Giancarlo Stanton .
CINCINNATI -- The Cincinnati Reds had a lot to do with it . Jay Bruce hit a two - run homer in the 11th inning , and the Reds rallied for an 8 - 6 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Friday night . The Reds won for only the second time in their last 13 games overall . Pinch-hitter Tony Campana led off the ninth with a single off Francisco Cordero and scored on Alfonso Soriano 's double . Soriano advanced to third on Starlin Castro 's flyout and scored on Darwin Barney 's single off Francisco Cordero . Jay Bruce hit a two - run homer in the 11th off James Russell ( 1 - 6 ) . Nick Masset ( 3 - 5 ) pitched the 11th for the win . Pinch-hitter Tony Campana led off the ninth with a single and scored on Alfonso Soriano 's double off Francisco Cordero . Darwin Barney 's single tied it , tying it at 6 . Reds starter Homer Bailey gave up four runs and six hits in six innings , including Pena 's two - run homer in the first . Pena 's two - run homer in the first inning off Homer Bailey gave the Cubs a 4 - 0 lead , and Pena 's two - run shot later in the inning made it 4 - 0 . Brandon Phillips ' solo homer in the third inning was the first of his career . The Reds tied it in the fifth on a single by Bailey , a double by Brandon Phillips and an RBI single by Drew Stubbs . Joey Votto walked to load the bases and Yonder Alonso walked to force in a run . John Gaub came in and gave up an RBI single by Chris Heisey to make it 5 - 4 .
BALTIMORE -- Jeremy Guthrie was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Guthrie struck out 10 and allowed three hits over seven innings to lead the Baltimore Orioles to a 6 - 2 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Friday night . Guthrie ( 8 - 17 ) gave up two runs and three hits in seven innings to win for the first time in four starts since July 26 . Chris Davis hit a three - run homer in the fourth off Wade Davis ( 10 - 9 ) , and Nolan Reimold also went deep for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Guthrie ( 8 - 17 ) gave up two runs and three hits in seven innings , striking out 10 and walking three . The right-hander was pulled after walking Johnny Damon and giving up a single to Matt Joyce in the seventh . Dane De La Rosa got Mark Reynolds to ground out to end the eighth . Wade Davis ( 10 - 9 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . The Rays have lost four straight and six of seven . Nolan Reimold put the Orioles up 1 - 0 in the third inning with his 10th home run . The Rays went up 2 - 1 in the fourth when B. J. Upton drew a leadoff walk and scored on a two - out double by Matt Joyce . The Orioles went up 4 - 2 in the fourth . Vladimir Guerrero singled and took third on a double by Wieters before Davis drove a 0 - 2 pitch into the left-field seats . The Rays did n't get another runner past first base until the sixth , when Ben Zobrist struck out . Wieters hit a two - run homer off Matt Moore in the eighth .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- Roy Halladay is making a strong case to stay in the National League Cy Young Award . Halladay struck out nine in eight strong innings to lead the Philadelphia Phillies to a 5 - 3 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Wednesday night . Halladay ( 17 - 5 ) allowed one run and four hits , improving to 4 - 0 in his last four starts . The Phillies have won four of their last five games , including the first two games of the series , and have won five of their last six overall . Halladay has won three of his last four starts . Ryan Madson pitched the ninth for his 29th save in 31 chances . Ryan Howard hit a three - run homer in the first off Shaun Marcum ( 12 - 6 ) , who allowed five runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out two . Placido Polanco doubled with one out in the seventh and scored on Raul Ibanez 's single to make it 4 - 0 . Takashi Saito relieved Marcum and gave up an RBI single to Carlos Ruiz to make it 5 - 0 . The Brewers made it 5 - 1 in the seventh when Casey McGehee doubled and scored on Yuniesky Betancourt 's sacrifice fly . Marcum ( 12 - 6 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out two . The Phillies grabbed a 3 - 0 lead in the first . Shane Victorino led off with a single and took third on Hunter Pence 's one - out single . Howard then drove a 2 - 0 pitch into the left-field bleachers for his 17th home run of the season . The Phillies loaded the bases with two outs in the third , but Wilson Valdez grounded out to end the inning . The Phillies tacked on two more runs in the seventh . Placido Polanco doubled with one out and scored on Ibanez 's single to make it 4 - 0 . Takashi Saito relieved Marcum and gave up an RBI single to Carlos Ruiz to make it 5 - 0 .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- Cole Hamels did n't have his best stuff . Hamels pitched a four - hitter for his first win in more than a month , and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Milwaukee Brewers 7 - 2 on Wednesday night . Hamels ( 14 - 7 ) gave up four hits and two walks while striking out two in his second complete game of the season . Hunter Pence drove in three runs and John Mayberry Jr. had two hits and an RBI for the Phillies , who have won four of five . The Phillies scored five runs in the sixth off Brewers starter Chris Narveson ( 10 - 7 ) , capped by Hunter Pence 's two - run triple and Ben Francisco 's RBI single . The Brewers have lost six of their last eight games , including three of their last four games . Narveson ( 10 - 7 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . Corey Hart hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Corey Hart hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . The Phillies added a run in the ninth off reliever Frankie De La Cruz . Valdez singled with one out and scored on Pence 's two - out double . Betancourt homered in the fifth to give the Brewers a 1 - 0 lead . It was his fourth of the season and second in as many days . Betancourt homered in the fifth to give the Brewers a 1 - 0 lead . It was his fourth of the season and second in as many days .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are making a habit of themselves in the NL West race . Tony Gwynn Jr. hit a two - run double in the ninth inning , Dee Gordon had four hits and the Dodgers rallied for a 7 - 4 victory over the Washington Nationals on Friday night . The Dodgers , who have won six of their last eight games , increased their lead in the NL West to 1 1/2 games over idle San Francisco . The Nationals , who have lost six of their last seven , fell to 1 - 5 on a 10-game road trip . Storen ( 6 - 3 ) came on in the ninth and hit Jerry Sands with a pitch , then gave up a single to Rod Barajas . After pinch-hitter Trent Oeltjen struck out , Gwynn hit a two - run double into the left-field corner . Storen ( 6 - 3 ) was charged with three runs and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . Javy Guerra pitched the ninth for his 16th save in 18 chances . The Nationals , who have lost six of their last seven games , have lost five of six . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Dee Gordon led off with a single , took third on a double by James Loney and scored on Rivera 's double . The Dodgers made it 4 - 0 in the third on consecutive singles by Dee Gordon and James Loney and a two - run double by Rivera . The Nationals scored four runs in the third . Ian Desmond singled and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's double . Michael Morse followed with an RBI double , and Werth followed with a two - run homer to left . The Nationals scored four runs in the third . Ian Desmond singled and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's double . Michael Morse followed with an RBI double , and Werth followed with a two - run homer to left to tie it at 4 .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Andre Ethier was n't going to let the game get away from him . Ethier hit a two - run double in the ninth inning to give the Los Angeles Dodgers a 7 - 3 victory over the Washington Nationals on Wednesday night . Andre Ethier had a two - run single and drove in four runs for the NL West leaders , who have won four of five . Barajas hit a two - out , two - run double off Henry Rodriguez ( 3 - 3 ) in the eighth to give the Dodgers a 5 - 3 lead . The Nationals loaded the bases with one out in the ninth against Javy Guerra on a single by Rick Ankiel and a walk to Ian Desmond . Ryan Zimmerman singled to load the bases , but Corey Brown flied out to end the game . Washington 's Stephen Strasburg pitched five shutout innings , allowing two hits , striking out four and walking none . The Dodgers trailed 3 - 0 in the sixth before pinch-hitter Jamey Carroll and Dee Gordon singled off Doug Slaten . Brad Peacock came on and gave up an RBI single to Matt Kemp and a two - run single to Andre Ethier that tied it at 3 . Strasburg allowed two hits and struck out four in five scoreless innings . The Nationals loaded the bases with two outs in the first , but Lilly struck out Danny Espinosa to end the threat . The Nationals scored three runs in the second . Chris Marrero led off with a double and scored on Wilson Ramos ' double . Strasburg followed with a sacrifice bunt , and Strasburg scored on Jayson Werth 's groundout . The Dodgers scored twice in the sixth off Doug Slaten , who was making his major league debut . Jamey Carroll led off with a single , Dee Gordon singled and Matt Kemp hit an RBI single . Lilly allowed three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out nine .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Phil Humber has been one of the best pitchers in the majors . Humber pitched seven shutout innings and the Chicago White Sox beat the Minnesota Twins 2 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Humber ( 9 - 8 ) gave up six hits , struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Chris Sale got the last out of the ninth for his sixth save in seven chances , and Brian Dinkelman had three hits for the Twins . Chris Sale got the final out for his sixth save in seven chances . Santos was charged with one earned run and one - third of an inning . Matt Thornton pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings , and Chris Sale got the final out for his sixth save in seven chances . Anthony Swarzak ( 3 - 6 ) gave up two runs on seven hits with four strikeouts and no walks in eight innings . The Twins have lost five of their last six games . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . A. J. Pierzynski led off with a double , took third on Dayan Viciedo 's single and scored on a fielder 's choice by Alejandro De Aza . Juan Pierre singled with one out in the third and scored on a double by Ramirez , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . The Twins had runners on first and second with one out in the fourth , but Danny Valencia grounded out to third base to end the inning . The Twins were 1 for 12 with runners in scoring position .
DETROIT -- Max Scherzer was n't going to let the game get away . Scherzer allowed five hits in seven shutout innings , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Chicago White Sox 18 - 2 on Tuesday night . Scherzer ( 14 - 8 ) struck out six and walked none , improving to 5 - 0 in his last seven starts . Brent Lillibridge and Donny Lucy hit consecutive singles off Duane Below in the ninth , and Donny Lucy followed with an RBI double . Alex Rios added a sacrifice fly . Mark Buehrle ( 11 - 7 ) gave up eight runs -- seven earned -- and 10 hits in 3 1/3 innings . The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . Buehrle is 0 - 3 in his last four starts . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Austin Jackson led off with a double and scored on Victor Martinez 's single . The Tigers made it 4 - 0 in the third on RBI singles by Victor Martinez and Alex Avila . Inge led off the bottom of the inning with a single , Austin Jackson walked and Delmon Young singled to make it 5 - 0 . Cabrera followed with a two - run double , and Cabrera followed with a two - run double to make it 7 - 0 . Cabrera followed with a two - run homer to make it 16 - 0 . Andy Dirks hit a two - run homer off Will Ohman in the eighth to make it 18 - 0 . Don Kelly followed with a single , but pinch-hitter Carlos Guillen struck out and Will Rhymes lined out to end the inning . Andy Dirks hit a two - run homer off Will Ohman in the eighth to make it 18 - 0 .
ATLANTA -- Brooks Conrad was n't sure if he 'd ever hit a game-winning grand slam . The Atlanta Braves manager was n't surprised to see his team win for the eighth time in nine games . Conrad hit a two - out RBI single in the ninth inning to give the Braves a 4 - 3 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Friday night . Kemp 's homer in the third inning off Randall Delgado gave the Dodgers a 3 - 0 lead . It was Kemp 's second homer of the season and his first since July 7 . Kemp said he was n't sure if he 'd be able to play in the field . Constanza started the winning rally with a one - out single off Blake Hawksworth ( 2 - 5 ) . He advanced to second on a wild pitch and Chipper Jones was intentionally walked to bring up Prado . Craig Kimbrel ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . The Braves trailed 3 - 0 before scoring three runs in the seventh . Alex Gonzalez singled with one out and went to third on Jack Wilson 's single . Jose Constanza followed with a grounder to third baseman Aaron Miles , who bobbled the ball for an error that allowed Gonzalez to score . Kershaw allowed three runs , two earned , and eight hits in seven innings . He walked none and struck out four . The Braves trailed 3 - 0 before scoring three runs in the seventh . Alex Gonzalez started the rally with a one - out single and went to third on Jack Wilson 's single . Jose Constanza followed with a grounder to third baseman Aaron Miles , who bobbled the ball for an error that allowed Gonzalez to score . Delgado allowed three runs on four hits and three walks in five innings . The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the third . Kershaw singled with one out , moved to second on a wild pitch and moved to third on Dee Gordon 's single . Delgado struck out James Loney before Kemp 's homer .
HOUSTON -- The Milwaukee Brewers ' offense is finally starting to come alive . Craig Counsell hit a two - run homer , Craig Counsell added a two - run shot and the Brewers beat the Houston Astros 8 - 2 on Wednesday night . The Brewers have won six of their last seven games . Chris Narveson ( 10 - 6 ) allowed four hits and two runs with four strikeouts in five innings to win his third straight start . Bud Norris ( 6 - 9 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Nyjer Morgan reached on an error by Norris , stole second and scored on a groundout by Prince Fielder . George Kottaras had a solo homer in the fourth for the Brewers , who have won four of their last five games . The Brewers scored three runs in the fifth to make it 4 - 0 . Nyjer Morgan walked with one out and stole second before Lee drove a 1 - 0 pitch into the seats in right field to cut the lead to 4 - 2 . George Kottaras led off the sixth with a triple to center and Counsell followed with a home run to left field to cut the lead to 4 - 2 . The Brewers added two runs in the seventh off Aneury Rodriguez . Carlos Gomez doubled and scored on Taylor Green 's double to make it 7 - 2 . George Kottaras added an RBI single to make it 8 - 2 . The Brewers added two runs in the seventh off Aneury Rodriguez . Carlos Gomez scored on Taylor Green 's double and George Kottaras added an RBI single .
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting all season to celebrate . Ryan Zimmerman hit a two - run single with the bases loaded in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Nationals an 8 - 7 victory over the New York Mets on Wednesday night . The Nationals , who had lost four of their previous five games , moved a half-game ahead of Atlanta in the NL East . The Mets , who have lost six of their last seven games , have lost four of five . Jesus Flores led off the bottom of the ninth with a single off Bobby Parnell ( 3 - 5 ) and moved to second on a wild pitch . Jonny Gomes walked and Ian Desmond 's sacrifice bunt advanced the runners to second and third . Roger Bernadina was walked intentionally to load the bases , and Zimmerman lined a 2 - 1 pitch to right for his first career game-ending hit . Parnell ( 3 - 5 ) was charged with two runs on two hits and two walks . Sean Burnett ( 5 - 5 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . The Mets took a 6 - 6 lead in the seventh on Lucas Duda 's sacrifice fly off Tyler Clippard . The Mets took a 6 - 6 lead in the seventh when Willie Harris drew a leadoff walk from Tyler Clippard and moved to third on Justin Turner 's single to right . Angel Pagan drove in two runs with a single , and Nick Evans followed with a two - run homer to cut it to 5 - 4 . The Nationals took a 5 - 0 lead in the second when Jesus Flores doubled in Danny Espinosa , who was hit by a pitch , and Milone followed with a three - run homer . The Mets scored four runs in the fourth on a two - run single by Angel Pagan and a two - run homer by Nick Evans .
ARLINGTON , <RUNS> ( AP ) -- Albert Pujols had a career-high six RBIs . Pujols hit three home runs and drove in six runs to lead the St. Louis Cardinals to a 16 - 7 victory over the Texas Rangers on Friday night . Pujols hit his second homer of the game in the ninth inning off Darren Oliver to give St. Louis a 16 - 7 lead . It was his third three - homer game of the season and his first since April 26 . Pujols has been on a tear since coming off the disabled list last season . Pujols hit his second homer of the game in the ninth off Darren Oliver to put St. Louis ahead 15 - 7 . It was the first three - homer game for Pujols , who went 5 for 6 with three homers and six RBIs . Lance Lynn ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and three hits in 2 1/3 innings for his first major league win . Matt Harrison ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 3 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . Craig hit a solo homer in the first , his first of the season . Pujols led off the fourth with a single and scored on David Freese 's double . Berkman was thrown out at the plate trying to score on Jon Jay 's grounder to shortstop Rafael Furcal , who was charged with an error . Yadier Molina followed with a two - run double to make it 8 - 3 . The Rangers scored three runs in the fifth off Cardinals reliever Fernando Salas . Elvis Andrus and Josh Hamilton started the inning with singles before Young 's RBI double and Adrian Beltre 's run-scoring single made it 8 - 5 . Napoli 's sacrifice fly scored Young .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- David Freese was n't sure what to expect . Freese hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs , leading the St. Louis Cardinals to a 5 - 3 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Friday night . The Cardinals have won six of their last seven games , including three in a row , and have won six of their last seven overall . Freese has been one of the few bright spots for the third straight season . Edwin Jackson ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . Jason Motte pitched a perfect ninth for his second save in as many chances . Roy Oswalt ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Jimmy Rollins led off the game with a double and scored on Chase Utley 's triple . Hunter Pence followed with an RBI single for a 2 - 0 lead . Skip Schumaker singled with one out in the bottom of the first and scored when Berkman doubled off the wall in center . Freese 's two - run double in the fourth gave the Cardinals a 3 - 2 lead . Freese hit a two - run homer in the sixth to push the lead to 5 - 2 . Pinch-hitter Ross Gload led off the eighth with a single off Fernando Salas and moved to third on a groundout by Jimmy Rollins . Martinez scored on a wild pitch by Marc Rzepczynski .
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) -- Ryan Braun had a three - run homer and a two - run triple . Braun homered three times and drove in a career-high six runs to lead the Milwaukee Brewers to an 8 - 3 win over the San Diego Padres on Friday night . Braun , who had a three - run homer in his last game , also had a two - run double . The Brewers lost center fielder Carlos Gomez to a strained left hamstring when he was hit by a pitch from Joe Thatcher with one out in the ninth . He was replaced by Carlos Gomez . Randy Wolf ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs and nine hits in five innings , struck out three and walked three . Joe Wieland ( 0 - 4 ) gave up five runs , three earned , and five hits in five innings , struck out eight and walked two . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Cameron Maybin walked , stole second and scored on Yonder Alonso 's single . The Brewers scored three unearned runs off Wieland in the fourth . Braun hit a one - out homer to tie the game at 1 . Aramis Ramirez reached on a fielding error by second baseman Orlando Hudson and scored on Gonzalez 's double . The Padres cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the fourth when Orlando Hudson singled and scored on Jason Bartlett 's two - out double . Braun hit a two - run homer off Wieland in the fifth to give the Brewers a 5 - 2 lead . It was his fourth . The Padres cut the lead to 5 - 3 in the sixth when Cameron Maybin led off with a double and scored on Jason Bartlett 's double-play grounder . Braun homered off Ernesto Frieri with two outs in the seventh to give the Brewers an 8 - 3 lead . San Diego center fielder Carlos Gomez left the game in the top of the ninth with a strained right hamstring . He was hit by a pitch from Joe Thatcher and was replaced by Carlos Gomez .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) -- Matt Garza was n't going to let the game get away from him . Garza struck out 10 in seven dominant innings and struck out 10 to lead the Chicago Cubs to a 5 - 1 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Wednesday night . Garza ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one hit and one walk , lowering his ERA to 2.67 and lowering his ERA to 2.67 . Carlos Marmol walked the bases loaded with two outs in the ninth , but walked Ty Wigginton on a 3 - 2 pitch to force in a run before getting Shane Victorino to ground out to end the game . Kyle Kendrick ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . Kendrick ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Bryan LaHair led off with a double and scored on Ian Stewart 's groundout . Tony Campana led off the third with a single and moved to third on Darwin Barney 's groundout . Campana scored on Starlin Castro 's sacrifice fly to make it 2 - 0 . Mather made it 3 - 0 in the fourth with a solo shot to right . Mather , who entered the game in a 1 - for - 18 slump , hit a solo homer in the fourth . The Cubs tacked on two more runs in the eighth off David Herndon . Tony Campana led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on Darwin Barney 's sacrifice bunt . Starlin Castro hit a grounder to third baseman Ian Stewart , who threw home to get Campana at the plate , allowing Campana to score . Jeff Baker added an RBI single to make it 5 - 0 .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Boston Red Sox are still finding ways to win . Cody Ross hit two home runs , including a tiebreaking shot in the ninth inning that gave the Red Sox a 6 - 5 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Friday night . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games , including three of their last four games . Cody Ross hit two of Boston 's four homers , including a two - run shot in the seventh that tied the game at 5 . Ross hit a two - run homer off Matt Capps ( 0 - 1 ) in the top of the ninth to give Boston a 6 - 5 lead . Daniel Bard ( 1 - 2 ) got the last two outs of the eighth for the win . Alfredo Aceves pitched the ninth for his third save in four chances . The Twins trailed 3 - 0 before Joe Mauer singled with one out in the fourth and Josh Willingham walked . After Justin Morneau struck out , Ryan Doumit hit a two - run double down the right-field line to make it 3 - 2 . Danny Valencia followed with a two - run homer to give the Twins a 4 - 3 lead , but the Twins did n't get another hit until the fifth . Jarrod Saltalamacchia singled with one out in the seventh and Ross followed with his second homer of the game , tying it at 5 . The Red Sox scored in the first on a single by Mike Aviles , a single by Pedroia and a sacrifice fly by Adrian Gonzalez . Saltalamacchia 's two - run homer made it 3 - 0 in the second .
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- The Chicago White Sox have been waiting all season long enough to keep their winning streak alive . Adam Dunn hit a go-ahead , two - run triple in the ninth inning , and the White Sox rallied to beat the Seattle Mariners 7 - 4 on Wednesday night . The White Sox have won four of their last five games . John Danks ( 2 - 2 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out six . Hector Santiago pitched the ninth for his fourth save in five chances . Kevin Millwood ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . The White Sox scored three times in the sixth to take a 5 - 4 lead . Rios hit a two - run triple into the right-field corner and Kosuke Fukudome added a sacrifice fly off Charlie Furbush to give the White Sox a 5 - 4 lead . Paul Konerko led off the eighth with a double off Tom Wilhelmsen and scored on Alex Rios ' single to make it 6 - 4 . Kosuke Fukudome 's RBI single made it 7 - 4 . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the third . Brent Lillibridge singled with one out and came all the way around on a double by Alexei Ramirez . Ramirez scored on Adam Dunn 's single to center . The Mariners tied it in the bottom of the inning on an RBI single by Jesus Montero and an RBI double by Alex Liddi . The Mariners added a pair of runs in the fourth . Miguel Olivo led off with a single and Casper Wells followed with a single . Danks then struck out Chone Figgins , but Dustin Ackley hit a grounder to third baseman Brent Morel , who threw home for a forceout . Rios scored on Kosuke Fukudome 's sacrifice fly off Charlie Furbush to give the White Sox a 5 - 4 lead .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- Lance Lynn was n't sure if he 'd be able to make his next start . Lynn pitched seven strong innings and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Lynn ( 3 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits , striking out four and walking one . The Cardinals have won four of their last five games . Daniel Descalso hit a solo homer in the ninth off Pittsburgh reliever Jared Hughes . Rafael Furcal added an RBI double in the ninth . Jason Motte worked around a leadoff walk in the ninth for his third save . Charlie Morton ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in five innings with six strikeouts and three walks . The Pirates have lost four of five . Alex Presley led off the bottom of the first with his first home run of the season , and Jose Tabata followed with a single . Andrew McCutchen hit into a fielder 's choice , but Neil Walker grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Cardinals tied it in the second when Yadier Molina doubled in Carlos Beltran , who reached on an error by shortstop Clint Barmes . The Cardinals took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth when Lance Lynn led off with a single , moved to second on a groundout and scored on Beltran 's two - out single . The Cardinals took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth when Lance Lynn led off with a single and scored on Beltran 's single .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Howie Kendrick is making the most of his opportunity . Kendrick had three hits and drove in three runs , and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Howie Kendrick had three hits and drove in three runs for the AL West leaders , who won for the fourth time in five games . Howie Kendrick had three hits and three RBIs for the Angels , including an RBI double in the sixth that made it 6 - 1 . Williams ( 1 - 1 ) allowed three runs and seven hits over 6 2/3 innings , struck out six and walked one . Jordan Walden pitched the ninth for his first save . Brian Matusz ( 0 - 3 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in five - plus innings , striking out six and walking three . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Torii Hunter 's RBI double and Mark Trumbo 's RBI double . The Angels increased their margin to 3 - 0 in the second . Alberto Callaspo reached on an error by second baseman Robert Andino and scored on Howie Kendrick 's single . Nolan Reimold hit a two - run homer for the Orioles , and J. J. Hardy had an RBI single in the third for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore starter Brian Matusz ( 0 - 3 ) was charged with six runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in five - plus innings , striking out six and walking three . The right-hander was charged with six runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in five - plus innings , striking out six and walking three . The Angels loaded the bases with no outs in the sixth on a walk to Chris Iannetta , a single by Alberto Callaspo and a walk to Erick Aybar . Darren O'Day relieved Matusz and gave up a double to Kendrick that made it 6 - 1 . LaTroy Hawkins got J. J. Hardy to ground out to end the inning .
TORONTO -- Evan Longoria is starting to feel comfortable at the plate . Longoria had three hits , including a two - run homer , and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Toronto Blue Jays 9 - 4 on Tuesday night . Longoria 's third homer of the season came on the first pitch he saw from the right-hander , who allowed three runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . Desmond Jennings and Longoria hit two - run homers in the fifth off Henderson Alvarez ( 0 - 1 ) , who allowed six runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . Luke Scott added a two - run double off Jason Frasor in the ninth . Jeremy Hellickson ( 2 - 0 ) allowed three runs , two earned , and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . Henderson Alvarez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed six runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out four . Evan Longoria opened the scoring with an RBI single in the first , but the Rays answered with three in the bottom half . Matt Joyce was hit by a pitch to begin the second and moved to second on Jeff Keppinger 's groundout . Sean Rodriguez singled to right , scoring Joyce , and Rodriguez scored on Jennings ' single . The Blue Jays tied it in the fourth when Colby Rasmus hit a one - out single and scored on J. P. Arencibia 's one - out double . Yunel Escobar followed with a grounder to right , but Jose Bautista dropped the ball for an error , allowing Arencibia to score . Toronto tied it in the bottom half when Colby Rasmus hit a one - out single and scored on J. P. Arencibia 's one - out double . Yunel Escobar followed with a grounder to the right of the mound , but Jose Bautista dropped the ball for an error , allowing Arencibia to score . The Blue Jays chased Hellickson in the fifth when Jennings hit a one - out homer to left and Longoria followed with a two - run drive to left . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth but could n't score . Colby Rasmus struck out , Johnson singled off Jake McGee and Burke Badenhop came on and walked Bautista to load the bases before J. P. Howell came on and ended the threat by getting Lind to fly out . Jennings singled off Jason Frasor in the ninth and stole third and scored on Longoria 's double . Scott greeted Frasor with a two - run double .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Curtis Granderson had a big night at the plate . Granderson hit three home runs and drove in four runs , leading the New York Yankees to a 7 - 6 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Granderson , who had a pair of three - run homers in Friday night 's 7 - 6 loss , went 5 for 5 with four RBIs and scored three times . Danny Valencia had two hits and drove in two runs for the Twins , who took a 4 - 0 lead in the first against Phil Hughes ( 1 - 2 ) . Hughes ( 1 - 2 ) gave up six runs -- two earned -- and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Mariano Rivera pitched a perfect ninth for his third save . Anthony Swarzak ( 0 - 3 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 2 2/3 innings . The Twins jumped on Minnesota starter Phil Hughes ( 1 - 2 ) for four runs in the first . Ryan Doumit hit a two - run homer and Danny Valencia had a two - run double for a 4 - 0 lead . Curtis Granderson hit a solo homer in the bottom of the first and Mark Teixeira added a two - run shot later in the inning to cut it to 4 - 3 . Jeter 's RBI single tied it in the bottom of the second , and Granderson followed with a two - run homer to right . Derek Jeter had an RBI single in the bottom half , and Granderson hit a two - run homer in the fourth off Jeff Gray that made it 7 - 4 . Ryan Doumit hit a two - run homer in the sixth for Minnesota , and Danny Valencia drove in two runs .
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting all season long enough to keep their winning streak alive . Wilson Ramos hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly in the eighth inning , and the Nationals beat the Houston Astros 3 - 2 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . The Nationals have won four of their last five games . Ryan Mattheus ( 2 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up Jordan Schafer 's tiebreaking RBI single in the eighth inning . Fernando Rodriguez ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and one hit in one - third of an inning for the Astros . Henry Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth for his third save . Washington starter Jordan Zimmermann allowed one run and four hits over seven innings , walking none and striking out three . Houston starter Lucas Harrell gave up one run and four hits in 6 2/3 innings , walking three and striking out four . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth . Jordan Schafer led off with a single , stole second and moved to third on Jed Lowrie 's groundout . Schafer scored on a groundout by Travis Buck . The Nationals tied it in the seventh . Rick Ankiel doubled with one out and scored on Roger Bernadina 's double down the left-field line . The Nationals tied it in the bottom of the inning when Rick Ankiel doubled with one out and scored on Roger Bernadina 's double . The Nationals tied it in the seventh when Rick Ankiel doubled with one out and scored on Roger Bernadina 's double to right-center .
SEATTLE -- The Cleveland Indians finally found a way to win . Jason Donald drove in the tying run with a two - out single in the seventh inning , and the Indians rallied for a 9 - 8 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . The Indians won for the seventh time in nine games and improved to 6 - 1 on their 10-game homestand . Carlos Santana hit a three - run homer and Carlos Santana added a three - run shot in a five - run fifth inning for the Indians , who won for the fourth time in five games . Travis Hafner singled to start the seventh against Charlie Furbush ( 0 - 1 ) and Shelley Duncan walked . Furbush struck out Casey Kotchman , but Donald singled to right to score Hafner . Chris Perez pitched the ninth for his third save in four chances . The Mariners scored eight runs in the fourth off Masterson , who was making his second start of the season after being called up from Triple-A Tacoma earlier in the day . Jack Hannahan led off the fifth with a double , took third on a single by Jason Donald and scored on Michael Brantley 's grounder to shortstop Brendan Ryan , who was charged with an error . Jason Kipnis singled to put runners at second and third with one out , and Choo hit a two - run single to make it 8 - 4 . After Travis Hafner grounded out , Donald Duncan scored on Jason Donald 's sacrifice fly . The Mariners took a 2 - 1 lead in the top of the first on Hafner 's RBI single . Jaso 's two - run homer in the third off Masterson gave the Mariners a 2 - 1 lead . The Mariners loaded the bases with one out in the fourth on singles by Justin Smoak and Kyle Seager and a single by Michael Saunders . Brendan Ryan walked to force in a run , Chone Figgins drove in a run with a sacrifice fly and Smoak added an RBI single .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- George Kottaras has been a big pinch hitter this season . Kottaras hit a two - run double with one out in the bottom of the ninth to lift the Milwaukee Brewers to a 5 - 4 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Wednesday night . The Brewers have won five of their last six games , including three in a row , and have won six of their last seven overall . Corey Hart led off the ninth with a single off Javy Guerra ( 1 - 1 ) and stole second . Mat Gamel walked and Jonathan Lucroy struck out before Kottaras lined a 2 - 2 pitch into the gap in left-center . It was Kottaras ' second game-ending hit of the season . Jose Veras ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Andre Ethier hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . The Dodgers regained the lead in the seventh when Andre Ethier doubled and scored on James Loney 's one - out double to tie it at 2 . Ethier 's two - out , two - run homer in the eighth off Francisco Rodriguez gave the Dodgers a 4 - 3 lead . The Dodgers scored their first run in the fifth when Juan Rivera led off with a double and scored on James Loney 's single . A. J. Ellis followed with a double , but Gallardo struck out Billingsley to end the inning . The Brewers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Gamel 's one - out homer and Cesar Izturis ' RBI single . The Dodgers cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the fifth . Juan Rivera led off with a double and James Loney singled to put runners on first and third with no outs . Juan Uribe then hit a grounder to second baseman Rickie Weeks , who threw to second for an error , allowing Rivera to score .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) -- Roy Halladay did n't have his best stuff . Halladay pitched seven strong innings and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Miami Marlins 7 - 1 on Wednesday night . Halladay ( 2 - 0 ) gave up one run and five hits , striking out three . He walked one and threw 109 pitches . Freddy Galvis hit a two - run double in a five - run third inning for the Phillies , who won for the fifth time in six games . Josh Johnson ( 0 - 2 ) gave up six runs and 11 hits in 3 2/3 innings . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Omar Infante led off with a double and scored on Josh Johnson 's groundout . The Phillies went ahead 5 - 1 in the third on Placido Polanco 's RBI single and Jimmy Rollins ' RBI single . Victorino singled in Rollins in the fourth to make it 6 - 1 . Ruiz homered off Ryan Webb in the seventh to make it 7 - 1 . Carlos Ruiz hit a solo homer in the seventh off Ryan Webb . The Marlins loaded the bases with two outs in the first , but Gaby Sanchez grounded out to end the inning . Halladay escaped a bases-loaded jam in the first by getting Gaby Sanchez to ground out . The Marlins had runners on first and second with two outs in the first , but Gaby Sanchez grounded out to end the inning . Halladay escaped a bases-loaded jam in the first when Gaby Sanchez grounded out to end the inning .
HOUSTON -- Chipper Jones is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Jones hit his first home run of the season and the Atlanta Braves beat the Houston Astros 6 - 4 on Friday night . Jones , who had a two - run homer in the opener of a three - game series , is hitting .500 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last seven games . Jones , who had a two - run homer in the third inning , hit a two - run shot in the third to give the Braves a 3 - 1 lead . Hanson ( 1 - 1 ) allowed six hits and two runs with eight strikeouts in five innings for his first major league win . Craig Kimbrel allowed one hit in a scoreless ninth for his first save . Kyle Weiland ( 0 - 1 ) allowed eight hits and four runs with five strikeouts in five innings for the loss . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Marwin Gonzalez . Brian McCann singled with two outs in the third and scored on a double by Dan Uggla to tie it at 1 . Jones then drove a 1 - 0 pitch into the seats in right field to put Atlanta up 3 - 1 . Tyler Pastornicky led off the fourth with his first home run of the season to make it 4 - 1 . Jordan Schafer singled and stole second base before scoring on a two - out single by Lee to cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the fifth . Jordan Schafer singled to start the inning and stole second base before scoring on a single by Lee to cut the lead to 5 - 3 . Michael Bourn singled off Wilton Lopez to put runners on first and second , but Martin Prado grounded out to end the inning .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- The Milwaukee Brewers are finally starting to find a way to win . Alex Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in Milwaukee 's five - run first inning , Chris Narveson pitched five effective innings and the Brewers beat the Chicago Cubs 7 - 4 on Tuesday night for their first win of the season . The Brewers won for the seventh time in nine games . Narveson ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and six hits . He struck out four and walked two . Geovany Soto hit a solo homer in the ninth off Jose Veras . Francisco Rodriguez struck out David DeJesus and got Darwin Barney on a grounder for his first save . Paul Maholm ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and six hits in four innings in his first start of the season . The Cubs lost their fourth straight and sixth in seven games . The Brewers jumped on Maholm for five runs in the first inning . Rickie Weeks Jr. led off with a walk and Carlos Gomez doubled to put runners on second and third . Ryan Braun followed with a sacrifice fly and Ramirez drove in a run with a fielder 's choice . Lucroy 's homer made it 6 - 0 in the third . The Cubs scored three times in the third to cut the lead to 6 - 3 . Alfonso Soriano had a two - run single and Jeff Baker added a sacrifice fly . Lucroy 's RBI single off Rafael Dolis made it 7 - 3 in the seventh . Lucroy 's RBI single off Rafael Dolis made it 7 - 3 in the seventh .
CLEVELAND -- Carlos Santana 's first two home runs of the season put the game out of reach . Santana homered twice and drove in three runs to lead the Cleveland Indians to a 4 - 3 win over the Toronto Blue Jays on Friday night . Santana 's two - run homer off Joel Carreno ( 0 - 1 ) in the fifth inning gave the Indians a 4 - 2 lead . It was his second multihomer game of the season and first since April 26 . Santana has been one of the few bright spots in the batting order . Derek Lowe ( 1 - 0 ) gave up two unearned runs and five hits in seven innings . Chris Perez pitched the ninth for his first save . Joel Carreno ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out three . Santana hit a leadoff homer in the second off Joel Carreno ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up four runs and six hits in six innings . The right-hander walked four and struck out three . The Blue Jays tied it in the fourth on a two - out RBI double by Edwin Encarnacion and a sacrifice fly by Brett Lawrie . Santana 's second homer gave Cleveland a 4 - 2 lead in the fifth . Kelly Johnson singled off Joe Smith with one out in the eighth and moved to second on Jose Bautista 's single . Lind followed with an RBI single off Vinnie Pestano . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with two outs in the ninth on a single by Eric Thames , an error by shortstop Asdrubal Cabrera and a walk to Kelly Johnson . Pinch-hitter Ben Francisco then popped out to end the game . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with two outs in the ninth on a single by Eric Thames , an error by Cabrera at shortstop and a throwing error by shortstop Asdrubal Cabrera . Pinch-hitter Ben Francisco then hit a sharp grounder to second baseman Johnson , who threw to second for the second out . The ball bounced off the glove of second baseman Kelly Johnson for an error , loading the bases . Pinch-hitter Ben Francisco then popped out to end the game .
CINCINNATI -- Jay Bruce has been one of the most dangerous hitters in the majors . The rookie outfielder hit his first two home runs of the season and the Cincinnati Reds rallied for a 6 - 5 victory over the Miami Marlins on Friday night . Bruce has been one of the best in the majors . He 's been on the disabled list twice this season because of a strained left hamstring . Jay Bruce homered twice and drove in three runs , and Scott Rolen singled home the winning run in the ninth off Heath Bell ( 0 - 1 ) . Bell ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and four hits in one - third of an inning . Bruce led off the bottom of the ninth with a homer off Bell ( 0 - 1 ) . Drew Stubbs singled and moved to third on Ryan Hanigan 's single to right . Aroldis Chapman ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win . Marlins starter Carlos Zambrano gave up four runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Reds scored three times in the first inning . Brandon Phillips led off with a single and scored on Zack Cozart 's double . Joey Votto walked and Ryan Ludwick walked to load the bases for Jay Bruce , who drove in a run with a fielder 's choice . Votto scored on Miguel Cairo 's groundout . The Marlins cut it to 3 - 1 in the fourth on a single by Stanton , a single by Giancarlo Stanton and an RBI single by Omar Infante . Bruce added a solo homer in the sixth off Carlos Zambrano , who allowed four runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Marlins scored three times in the seventh to take a 5 - 4 lead . Chris Coghlan 's RBI double cut it to 4 - 3 , and Jose Reyes drove in a run with a groundout . Emilio Bonifacio 's single off Logan Ondrusek tied it .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- Johnny Cueto had a lot to do with it . Cueto pitched seven innings of three - hit ball in his first start of the season , and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Miami Marlins 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Cueto ( 1 - 0 ) gave up three hits , struck out four and walked two in his first start of the season . The Reds won for the fourth time in five games . The Marlins have lost six of their last seven games . Mark Buehrle ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Reds loaded the bases with one out in the first on a walk to Brandon Phillips , a single by Joey Votto and a hit by Joey Votto . Jay Bruce followed with a sacrifice fly . Ludwick 's RBI double made it 2 - 0 in the sixth . Jay Bruce led off the bottom of the eighth with a homer off Edward Mujica . Chris Heisey added an RBI double later in the inning . The Reds loaded the bases with one out in the first on a walk to Phillips , a single by Votto and a walk to Scott Rolen . Jay Bruce followed with a sacrifice fly . Reyes singled and Emilio Bonifacio walked with one out in the sixth , but Cueto struck out Hanley Ramirez on a 3 - 2 pitch to end the threat . Jay Bruce led off the eighth with a homer off Edward Mujica , and Chris Heisey added an RBI double .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- The Milwaukee Brewers have n't had a winning record since the All-Star break . Carlos Gomez hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning , and the Brewers beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 6 - 2 on Wednesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Brewers have won six of their last seven games . Zack Greinke ( 6 - 2 ) gave up one run and nine hits in six innings , struck out seven and walked one . The right-hander is 6 - 0 in his last seven starts . Tim Dillard gave up a run in the ninth on pinch-hitter James Loney 's RBI single with two outs before getting Andre Ethier to ground out . Chad Billingsley ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings , struck out eight and walked two . The Dodgers have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Weeks and a run-scoring fielder 's choice by Martin Maldonado . Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the third for a 4 - 1 lead . It was Ramirez 's fifth homer of the season and second in two games . The Dodgers got a run back in the bottom of the second when Adam Kennedy scored on Billingsley 's two - out single . Greinke then walked Elian Herrera to load the bases before Greinke struck out A. J. Ellis to end the inning . Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the third for a 4 - 1 lead . The Brewers extended their lead to 6 - 1 in the ninth on Gomez 's two - run homer off Todd Coffey .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Francisco Liriano 's first win of the season was a memorable one . Liriano struck out nine in six shutout innings , and the Minnesota Twins beat the Oakland Athletics 4 - 0 on Friday night . Liriano ( 1 - 5 ) gave up three hits and walked two . Josh Willingham hit a two - run homer in the fifth off Tyson Ross ( 2 - 6 ) to give the Twins a 4 - 0 lead . Brian Dozier added an RBI single for the Twins . Tyson Ross ( 2 - 6 ) gave up four runs on six hits with three walks and one strikeout in five innings for the loss . Denard Span led off the first with a double and scored on Josh Willingham 's single . Brian Dozier added an RBI single later in the inning for a 2 - 0 lead . Denard Span led off the fifth with a double and scored on Willingham 's two - out , two - run homer to left field that made it 4 - 0 . Denard Span led off the bottom of the first with a double and scored on Josh Willingham 's single . Brian Dozier added a two - out RBI single to make it 2 - 0 . The A 's were shut out for the fifth time this season and have scored two runs or fewer in six of their last eight games . The Twins have been waiting for Liriano to stay in the rotation . Alex Burnett pitched two scoreless innings in relief of Alex Burnett , who gave up a one - out walk to Cliff Pennington in the eighth before getting Jemile Weeks to line into a double play . Jeff Gray struck out the side in the ninth .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- Chris Sale had a lot to do with it . Sale struck out a career-high 15 in 7 1/3 innings to lead the Chicago White Sox to a 2 - 1 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Friday night . Sale ( 6 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in 7 1/3 innings . Dunn 's two - run homer off Matt Moore ( 1 - 5 ) gave the White Sox a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth . Addison Reed worked a perfect ninth for his fifth save in five opportunities . Moore ( 1 - 5 ) gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out 10 and walked one . The Rays have lost four of five . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Ben Zobrist singled with one out and stole second . He scored on Jose Lobaton 's two - out single . Dunn put the White Sox up 2 - 1 with a two - run homer in the sixth off Moore , who allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out 10 and walked one . Dunn 's homer was his second in two games . The Rays threatened in the seventh when Jose Lobaton drew a leadoff walk and went to third on Carlos Pena 's grounder . But Sale struck out Jose Molina to end the inning . The White Sox threatened in the ninth when Paul Konerko singled with one out , but Alex Rios grounded out and Dayan Viciedo grounded out .
DENVER -- Dexter Fowler had a big night at the plate . Fowler hit a game-ending RBI triple in the 10th inning to lift the Colorado Rockies to a 7 - 6 win over the Houston Astros on Wednesday night . The Rockies , who have the best record in the majors , have won six of their last eight games . Michael Cuddyer singled off Brett Myers ( 0 - 2 ) with one out in the 10th and Fowler followed with a triple into the right-field corner to score Cuddyer . Josh Roenicke ( 1 - 0 ) pitched the 10th for the win . The Astros , who have lost five of their last six games , lost for the fourth time in five games . Houston starter Jordan Lyles gave up six runs -- four earned -- and six hits in five innings , including a three - run double by Marco Scutaro in the fourth that made it 6 - 4 . Chris Snyder had an RBI single in the fifth to cut it to 6 - 5 , but the Astros could n't get anything going after that . Justin Maxwell led off the sixth with a pinch-hit home run to tie it at 6 . Fowler led off the bottom of the first with his first home run of the season to make it 1 - 0 . The Astros took a 2 - 1 lead in the third when Lyles led off with a single and moved to third on Jordan Schafer 's sacrifice . Jose Altuve grounded out before Bogusevic drove a 2 - 0 pitch into the left-field bleachers for his first home run of the season . The Rockies tied it in the bottom of the third when Fowler reached on an error by third baseman Matt Downs and scored on a groundout by Gonzalez .
CHICAGO -- Chris Sale was n't going to let the game get away from him . Sale allowed two hits over seven scoreless innings to lead the Chicago White Sox to a 6 - 0 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Friday night . Sale ( 5 - 2 ) struck out six and walked two while throwing 64 of his 97 pitches for strikes . Rios hit a two - run homer in the fourth off Scott Diamond ( 3 - 1 ) , who gave up five runs -- two earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . Diamond is 0 - 3 with a 1.78 ERA in his last four starts . Rios hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 3 - 0 . Konerko led off the sixth with a single and Alex Rios reached when right fielder Darin Mastroianni dropped his fly ball for an error . A. J. Pierzynski followed with an RBI double to make it 4 - 0 , putting runners on first and second with one out . Diamond struck out Paul Konerko and got Alex Rios to ground into a double play . Alejandro De Aza led off the bottom of the first with a single and Gordon Beckham followed with a grounder to second baseman Jamey Carroll , who threw wildly to second for an error . De Aza advanced to third on the error and scored on Adam Dunn 's single . The Twins did n't get another baserunner until Darin Mastroianni reached on an error by second baseman Gordon Beckham leading off the fourth . Sale then walked Joe Mauer , but Josh Willingham grounded into a double play and Justin Morneau struck out . The Twins threatened in the ninth against Matt Thornton , who walked Joe Mauer and Josh Willingham before getting Justin Morneau to ground into a double play and Ryan Doumit to fly out .
TORONTO -- Brandon Morrow was n't going to let the game get away from him . Morrow pitched a three - hitter for his second shutout of the season , and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the New York Mets 2 - 0 on Wednesday night . Morrow ( 5 - 2 ) struck out eight and walked one , lowering his ERA to 2.63 . He walked one and matched a season high with eight strikeouts . Morrow was perfect through the first four innings before walking Scott Hairston on four pitches to begin the ninth . Mike Baxter singled with two outs , but Morrow got Daniel Murphy to line out to second to end the inning . The Mets lost for the seventh time in nine games . Jeremy Hefner ( 0 - 1 ) allowed two runs and four hits in five innings , walked none and struck out five . Jeff Mathis singled with two outs in the fifth and scored when Kelly Johnson doubled down the right-field line . Johnson scored on Yunel Escobar 's single . Hefner said he was n't trying to get the ball out of the infield . The Mets had runners at first and second with two outs in the seventh , but Morrow struck out Ike Davis to end the inning . The Mets had runners at first and second with two outs in the seventh , but Morrow struck out Ike Davis to end the inning . The Mets had runners at first and third with two outs in the ninth , but Morrow got Daniel Murphy to line out to second to end the inning . Scott Hairston drew a leadoff walk in the ninth and Mike Baxter singled with two outs , but Morrow got Daniel Murphy to line out to right .
CLEVELAND -- The Miami Marlins have n't had a winning season . Hanley Ramirez hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly in the eighth inning , and the Marlins beat the Cleveland Indians 3 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight win . The Marlins have won six of their last seven games . Zambrano ( 2 - 2 ) gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings , walking five and striking out two . Tony Sipp ( 0 - 2 ) walked Bryan Petersen to lead off the eighth and gave up a sacrifice bunt to Jose Reyes . Joe Smith replaced Sipp and gave up a sacrifice fly to Ramirez . Heath Bell pitched the ninth for his fourth save in six chances . The Indians , who have lost five of six , fell to 1 - 5 on their 10-game homestand . Zambrano ( 2 - 2 ) gave up a two - out walk to Johnny Damon in the second and a run-scoring double to Casey Kotchman . Shin-Soo Choo 's RBI single made it 2 - 0 . Petersen walked to lead off the third and went to third on a single by Jose Reyes . Omar Infante followed with a grounder to second baseman Hanley Ramirez , who threw to second for the force . Petersen scored , but Reyes was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . The Marlins tied it in the sixth on a sacrifice fly by Greg Dobbs . The Marlins tied it in the sixth . Omar Infante walked , took third on a double by Ramirez and scored on a sacrifice fly by Greg Dobbs . Masterson allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings .
WASHINGTON -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting all season long enough to win . Nick Markakis hit a tiebreaking home run in the 11th inning , and the Orioles beat the Washington Nationals 2 - 1 on Sunday to complete a three - game sweep . The Orioles have won four of their last five games . The Nationals , who have lost six of seven , fell to 1 - 5 on their 10-game road trip . Markakis hit a 2 - 2 pitch from Ryan Mattheus ( 2 - 1 ) over the wall in center for his 12th homer . Pedro Strop worked the 11th for his third save . Washington 's Edwin Jackson gave up one run and five hits over eight innings , striking out eight and walking one . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Xavier Avery led off with a walk and moved to third on a double by Nick Markakis . Avery scored on Adam Jones ' single . The Nationals did n't get a runner to second base until Bryce Harper led off the bottom of the second with a single to center . Harper went to third on Danny Espinosa 's flyout to center and scored on catcher Jesus Flores ' throwing error . Ian Desmond tied it in the sixth with a leadoff homer to right . It was his fourth of the season and second in two games . The Nationals tied it in the sixth on Ian Desmond 's leadoff homer . Pinch-hitter Nick Johnson singled with one out in the eighth , but Xavier Avery grounded into a double play .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting all season long enough to get their offense going . J. J. Hardy hit a tiebreaking two - run single in the seventh inning , and the Orioles beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Orioles have won six of their last seven games . Brian Matusz ( 3 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings for the win . Jim Johnson worked the ninth for his 14th save in as many opportunities . Luke Hochevar ( 3 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . He walked one and struck out six . He was replaced by Aaron Crow , who walked Xavier Avery to load the bases with two outs in the seventh . Jose Mijares replaced Hochevar and gave up a two - run single to J. J. Hardy that gave Baltimore a 5 - 3 lead . Hochevar went six innings , allowing four runs and seven hits . He struck out six and walked one . Humberto Quintero drove in two runs with a double in the third inning , and Johnny Giavotella added an RBI single in the third for the Royals , who have won six of their last seven games . Jones hit a two - run homer in the fourth off Luke Hochevar ( 3 - 4 ) , who gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . The Royals have lost five of their last six games . Jones hit a two - run homer in the fourth to slice the Orioles ' lead to 3 - 2 . Humberto Quintero had a pair of hits and drove in two runs for Kansas City , which had won three of four . Luis Ayala worked the seventh , and Luis Ayala worked the ninth .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Adam LaRoche is making a habit of coming out of the All-Star break . LaRoche had three hits and drove in four runs to lead the Washington Nationals to a 7 - 4 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Friday night . LaRoche 's three - run double in the seventh off Evan Meek gave the Nationals a 7 - 3 lead . LaRoche went 3 for 4 with a homer and four RBIs . LaRoche 's three - run double in the seventh off Evan Meek gave the Nationals a 7 - 3 lead . Gonzalez ( 5 - 1 ) allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out a season-high 10 . Henry Rodriguez pitched the ninth for his ninth save in 12 chances . Erik Bedard ( 2 - 5 ) allowed four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Bryce Harper hit a one - out triple and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's groundout . Desmond led off the third with his second home run of the season . LaRoche and Nady hit back-to-back homers in the sixth to make it 4 - 1 . Josh Harrison hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . The Pirates scored a run off Tyler Clippard in the eighth . Jose Tabata led off with a single and stole second . Andrew McCutchen singled and McGehee hit a sacrifice fly .
DETROIT ( AP ) -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting all season to win . Trevor Plouffe hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning , Jamey Carroll added a two - run double and the Twins beat the Detroit Tigers 11 - 7 on Wednesday night . The Twins have won four of their last five games . The Tigers have lost six of their last seven games . Trevor Plouffe hit a two - run homer in the ninth for Detroit , and Jamey Carroll had a two - run double for the Twins , who have won six of their last seven games . Dozier 's homer was his fourth of the season and second in as many games . Prince Fielder drove in two runs and Andy Dirks had two hits and an RBI for Detroit . Duane Below ( 2 - 1 ) gave up two runs and two hits in 2 1/3 innings for the loss . The Tigers scored six runs in the second to take a 5 - 5 lead . Ramon Santiago and Austin Jackson had RBI singles , and Andy Dirks and Miguel Cabrera had RBI singles to make it 6 - 5 . The Twins added a run in the seventh on Alexi Casilla 's two - out single off Luke Putkonen . The Tigers loaded the bases with one out in the seventh , but reliever Brian Duensing struck out Alex Avila and Ryan Raburn to end the inning . The Twins took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Brian Dozier reached on an error by shortstop Ramon Komatsu and scored on Mauer 's double . Josh Willingham followed with an RBI double to make it 2 - 0 . The Twins made it 5 - 1 in the second on Ramon Santiago 's RBI single , Austin Jackson 's RBI single and Fielder 's sacrifice fly . The Tigers scored six runs in the second . Ramon Santiago and Austin Jackson had RBI singles , and Fielder 's sacrifice fly made it 6 - 5 .
ANAHEIM , Calif. ( AP ) -- The way Ervin Santana has been pitching lately , it was n't easy . Santana pitched four - hit ball into the sixth inning of his first start of the season , and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Oakland Athletics 4 - 0 on Wednesday night . Santana ( 2 - 6 ) struck out nine and allowed four hits over 7 2/3 innings , lowering his ERA to 4.36 . The right-hander has won two of his last three starts after going 0 - 2 in his previous four outings . Mike Trout had three hits , including a homer leading off the seventh inning , and Albert Pujols had three hits and two RBIs for the Angels , who have won four of five . Bartolo Colon ( 3 - 4 ) gave up four runs and a season-high 12 hits over 6 2/3 innings , struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The A 's , who have lost five of their last six games , have lost five of their last six . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on Alberto Callaspo 's RBI double and Albert Pujols ' run-scoring single . The Angels increased their margin to 3 - 0 in the fifth when Pujols drove in Mike Trout with a two - out single , and Kendrys Morales singled to put runners at the corners with two outs before Jerry Blevins came in and got Howie Kendrick to ground out . Trout led off the seventh with his ninth homer , extending his hitting streak to 12 games . Jemile Weeks singled with two outs in the sixth for the A 's first hit . Weeks stole second , Cliff Pennington walked and Josh Reddick walked to load the bases before Santana struck out Smith . The A 's loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth on a single by Collin Cowgill and a stolen base by Jemile Weeks , but Scott Downs got pinch-hitter Jonny Gomes to ground out to end the inning . The A 's loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth on a single by Collin Cowgill and a stolen base by Jemile Weeks , but Scott Downs got pinch-hitter Jonny Gomes to ground out .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Cleveland Indians found a way to win . Shin-Soo Choo 's two - out RBI single in the ninth inning gave the Indians a 5 - 4 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Friday night . The Indians have won six of their last seven games . Joe Smith ( 3 - 1 ) got the last out of the eighth inning for the win . Matt Capps ( 0 - 2 ) gave up a one - out single to Casey Kotchman and a two - out single to Choo . Chris Perez pitched a perfect ninth for his 12th save in 13 chances . Joe Smith ( 3 - 1 ) got the last out of the eighth for the win . Nick Hagadone gave up a two - run homer to Ryan Doumit that tied it at 4 . The Indians loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth , but Francisco Liriano struck out Michael Brantley with the bases loaded to end the inning . Casey Kotchman hit a two - run homer in the fifth for the Indians , who have lost four of five . The Indians took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth . Jason Kipnis led off with a single , Asdrubal Cabrera doubled and Travis Hafner drove in a run with a groundout . Carlos Santana 's sacrifice fly put the Indians up 2 - 1 . Kotchman hit a two - run homer in the fifth to make it 4 - 1 . Darin Mastroianni led off the third with a single and Jamey Carroll drew a one - out walk . Mastroianni scored when Santana threw wildly to second trying for a double play .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are going to have to make a run at the playoffs . Tony Gwynn Jr. drove in the go-ahead run with a pinch-hit single in the eighth inning , and the Dodgers beat the Colorado Rockies 2 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games , including a three - game sweep of the NL West-leading Los Angeles Angels . Harang ( 2 - 2 ) gave up one run and four hits in eight innings , struck out two and walked two . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth for his third save in four chances . Josh Outman ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss . The Rockies have lost five of their last six games . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Andre Ethier doubled and scored on Juan Uribe 's single . The Rockies tied it in the seventh on Todd Helton 's leadoff single , but Harang got Michael Cuddyer to ground into a double play and then got Wilin Rosario to ground into a double play . The Rockies tied it in the seventh on Tyler Colvin 's two - out homer that tied it at 1 . The Rockies had a chance to tie it in the eighth when Todd Helton led off with a single and went to third on a two - out single by Marco Scutaro . But Harang got out of the jam by getting pinch-hitter Jordan Pacheco to ground into a double play . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth for his third save in four chances .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Drew Hutchison is making the most of his opportunity . Hutchison won for the first time in more than a month , and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Minnesota Twins 2 - 1 on Friday night . Hutchison ( 2 - 1 ) gave up one run on three hits with four strikeouts and four walks in six innings . Jose Bautista hit a tiebreaking home run in the sixth inning for the Blue Jays , who have won six of their last seven games . Joe Mauer led off the eighth with a double against Jason Frasor , and Ryan Doumit drew a one - out walk before Perez struck out pinch hitter Alexi Casilla . Casey Janssen pitched a perfect ninth for his second save . P. J. Walters ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs on six hits with five strikeouts and no walks in six innings . The Twins have lost five of their last six games . The Twins loaded the bases with one out in the fourth on a single by Brian Dozier and a single by Joe Mauer , a walk to Ryan Doumit and a walk to Ryan Doumit . Plouffe walked to force in a run , but Chris Parmelee grounded out to end the inning . The Twins loaded the bases with one out in the fourth on singles by Brian Dozier and Joe Mauer and a walk to Ryan Doumit . Trevor Plouffe walked to force in a run , but Chris Parmelee grounded out to end the inning . Bautista 's homer in the sixth was the only run allowed by Walters , who gave up six hits and struck out five in six innings . The Twins have lost five of their last six games .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- Jose Bautista was n't sure if he 'd ever hit a home run . Bautista hit two home runs for the first time in his career and the Minnesota Twins beat the Toronto Blue Jays 7 - 6 on Wednesday night . Bautista went 2 - for - 5 with two homers and two RBIs in his return to the lineup after missing two games because of a sore left wrist . The Twins trailed 2 - 1 in the fifth when Denard Span led off with a double , took third on a wild pitch and scored on Josh Willingham 's double . Nick Blackburn ( 1 - 4 ) gave up five runs on six hits with three strikeouts and three walks in five innings for the win . Matt Capps pitched the ninth for his sixth save in six chances . Kyle Drabek ( 2 - 4 ) gave up three runs and four hits with five strikeouts and four walks in 4 1/3 innings for the loss . The Twins took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth . Denard Span led off with a double , moved to third on a wild pitch and scored on Willingham 's double to right field . Brett Lawrie followed with a single , but Alex Burnett retired the next three batters to limit the damage . Alex Burnett gave up a single to Brett Lawrie before retiring pinch-hitter Ben Francisco on a fly ball to end the inning . The Blue Jays had runners on first and second with no outs in the eighth when Colby Rasmus grounded into a double play , but Ben Francisco flied out to end the inning . The Blue Jays had runners on first and second with no outs in the eighth when Colby Rasmus grounded into a double play , but Ben Francisco flied out to end the inning . The Twins took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first on Ryan Doumit 's two - run single with the bases loaded . The Blue Jays tied it in the fourth on Colby Rasmus ' RBI single .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) -- The New York Mets have been waiting all season long . Kirk Nieuwenhuis hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly in the ninth inning and the Mets rallied for a 7 - 4 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Wednesday night . The Mets won for just the second time in eight games . The Mets scored four times in the seventh to take a 5 - 4 lead . Jordany Valdespin drew a leadoff walk and went to third on Andres Torres ' single to right . Pinch-hitter Scott Hairston popped out before Wright hit an RBI single off Chad Qualls ( 1 - 1 ) to make it 5 - 4 . Lucas Duda 's RBI single off Joe Savery made it 5 - 4 . The Mets scored three times in the seventh to take a 5 - 4 lead . Kirk Nieuwenhuis hit an RBI single and David Wright followed with an RBI single off Antonio Bastardo to make it 5 - 4 . Tim Byrdak got pinch hitter Ty Wigginton to fly out to end the eighth . Jon Rauch pitched the ninth for his first save . Philadelphia 's Joe Blanton gave up four runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . Pence gave the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead in the first with a two - run homer off Miguel Batista . The Phillies made it 4 - 0 in the second . John Mayberry Jr. reached on a two - base throwing error by shortstop Jordany Valdespin and scored on Pete Orr 's single . Duda walked with one out in the fourth and scored on Murphy 's single to right .
HOUSTON -- Carlos Zambrano did n't have his best stuff . Zambrano pitched a three - hitter for his first major league shutout and the Miami Marlins beat the Houston Astros 4 - 0 on Wednesday night . Zambrano ( 1 - 2 ) struck out nine and walked one in his second career complete game . He threw 109 pitches . Brian Bogusevic led off the ninth with a pinch-hit single , but Zambrano got Jordan Schafer to ground into a double play and struck out Jose Altuve to end the game . Wandy Rodriguez ( 3 - 3 ) gave up four runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out two and walked two . Logan Morrison walked with one out in the fourth , advanced to second on a wild pitch and scored on Stanton 's two - out homer to left . Ramirez led off the ninth with a homer to left , his fourth of the season and second in two games . Logan Morrison followed with a double , but Brandon Lyon struck out Gaby Sanchez to end the inning . Stanton hit a two - run homer in the fourth off Houston starter Wandy Rodriguez ( 3 - 3 ) , who allowed four runs and six hits in eight innings . Buck 's homer made it 3 - 0 in the fifth . The Astros did n't get a hit until Travis Buck walked with two outs in the fifth , but Zambrano struck out Chris Snyder to end the inning . Zambrano hit Jordan Schafer with a pitch with one out in the sixth , but Jose Altuve grounded into a double play to end the inning . Ramirez led off the ninth with his second homer of the season . Logan Morrison followed with a double , but Brandon Lyon struck out Gaby Sanchez .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- Jay Bruce has been on a tear since coming off the disabled list . Bruce hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs to lead the Cincinnati Reds to a 6 - 1 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Friday night . Bruce hit a three - run homer in the fourth off Marco Estrada ( 0 - 2 ) , who gave up five runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out five without walking a batter . Bruce has been on the disabled list twice this season with a strained left hamstring . Bronson Arroyo ( 2 - 1 ) gave up one run and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out nine . Marco Estrada ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Ryan Braun hit a solo homer in the first for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Cozart led off the fourth with his first home run of the season and Joey Votto and Joey Votto followed with RBI doubles to give Cincinnati a 2 - 1 lead . The Brewers loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth , but Cesar Izturis lined out to shortstop Cesar Izturis to end the threat . The Brewers had runners on first and third with two outs in the seventh , but Logan Ondrusek got Norichika Aoki to fly out . Pinch-hitter Miguel Cairo added an RBI double in the ninth off Vinnie Chulk .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- Brandon Inge is making the most of his opportunity . Inge hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs to lead the Oakland Athletics to a 9 - 5 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Friday night . Inge , who had a two - run homer among his four hits , also walked twice and drove in four runs . Inge 's homer capped a five - run third inning against Matt Moore ( 1 - 2 ) , who gave up eight runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . Michael Taylor and Yoenis Cespedes had two hits apiece for the A 's , who won for the fourth time in five games . Tommy Milone ( 4 - 2 ) allowed five runs and five hits in five innings for the win . Matt Moore ( 1 - 2 ) gave up eight runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . The right-hander walked three and struck out four . The Rays have lost four of five . The Rays loaded the bases with no outs in the first on walks to Desmond Jennings and Melvin Upton Jr. and a stolen base before Jeff Keppinger 's sacrifice fly and Sean Rodriguez 's RBI single . Matt Joyce 's two - run single made it 4 - 0 . The A 's scored four times in the third to take a 5 - 4 lead . Yoenis Cespedes had an RBI single and Jonny Gomes had a run-scoring single before Inge 's three - run homer put Oakland up 5 - 4 . B. J. Upton trimmed Oakland 's deficit to 8 - 5 with a solo homer in the fifth . The A 's added a run in the seventh on Inge 's sacrifice fly off Wade Davis .
DETROIT -- Rick Porcello did n't have his best stuff . Porcello took a no-hitter into the seventh inning , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Porcello ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out five . Jose Valverde pitched the ninth for his fifth save in seven chances . Dylan Axelrod ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Adam Dunn gave the White Sox a 1 - 0 lead in the first with his first home run of the season , but the White Sox could n't get anything going after that . Jackson led off the bottom of the first with a homer to left . Andy Dirks followed with a single , but Axelrod retired Delmon Young and Alex Avila to end the inning . Fielder 's homer made it 2 - 1 in the third . The Tigers put runners on first and third with one out in the fifth , but Will Ohman got Alex Avila to ground into a double play . The White Sox threatened in the seventh , putting runners on first and second with one out , but Dotel struck out Gordon Beckham and got De Aza to pop out to end the inning . Dirks homered off Hector Santiago in the eighth .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- Scott Rolen was n't sure what to expect . Rolen hit a sacrifice fly in the bottom of the 10th inning , rallying the Cincinnati Reds to a 4 - 3 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . The Reds won for the fourth time in five games and moved a season-high 10 games over .500 . They have won eight of their last 10 games overall . Zack Cozart led off the 10th with a single off Rafael Dolis ( 1 - 2 ) and advanced to third on a throwing error by reliever Rafael Dolis ( 1 - 2 ) . Logan Ondrusek ( 2 - 0 ) pitched the 10th for the win . The Reds scored three times in the ninth off Carlos Marmol , who walked Willie Harris and Joey Votto to start the inning . Brandon Phillips then hit a grounder to third baseman Ian Stewart , who threw wildly to second base for an error that allowed Willie Harris to score . The Cubs , who have lost six of their last seven games , fell to 0 - 5 on their nine - game road trip . Willie Harris started the rally with a walk and Joey Votto walked . Brandon Phillips then hit a grounder to third baseman Ian Stewart , who threw wildly to second base for an error that allowed Harris to score . Cubs starter Ryan Dempster allowed three hits in eight shutout innings , striking out six and walking one . Starlin Castro hit a solo homer in the first inning off Homer Bailey , who gave up nine hits and three runs with one walk and four strikeouts in six innings . Bryan LaHair led off the fourth with his first homer of the season , a solo shot that made it 2 - 0 . Soto led off the fifth with his fourth homer of the season , a solo shot that made it 3 - 0 . It was his fourth of the season and second in two games .
WASHINGTON -- The Arizona Diamondbacks have been in first place in the NL West since the All-Star break . The Diamondbacks , who have won six of their last seven games , scored a total of two runs in the first two games of the series . Trevor Cahill ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one run and six hits in 7 1/3 innings , striking out five and walking one . Jordan Zimmermann ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Nationals have lost five of their last six games . Paul Goldschmidt had three hits for the Diamondbacks , including an infield single in the fifth , and scored on John McDonald 's single . Montero 's RBI double made it 2 - 0 in the sixth . The Diamondbacks added a run in the seventh on a single by Cody Ransom , a single by Roger Bernadina and an intentional walk to Gerardo Parra . Ransom scored on a wild pitch by Ryan Mattheus and Justin Upton added a sacrifice fly to make it 4 - 0 . The Nationals added a run in the ninth when Roger Bernadina doubled off Ryan Perry and scored on Justin Upton 's two - out single . The Diamondbacks added a run in the ninth off Ryan Perry . Gerardo Parra led off with a single , stole second and scored on Justin Upton 's two - out single .
DETROIT -- The Detroit Tigers are finally starting to find a way to win . Austin Jackson had four hits and drove in two runs , and Detroit scored five runs in the first inning to beat the Kansas City Royals 9 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Tigers have won four of their last five games . Rick Porcello ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in eight innings . Luke Hochevar ( 2 - 2 ) gave up a career-high nine runs and 12 hits in four - plus innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Tigers scored five runs in the first inning . Jackson led off with a single , took third on Brennan Boesch 's single and scored on Miguel Cabrera 's double . Prince Fielder then scored on a throwing error by first baseman Eric Hosmer . Jackson added a two - run double in the third to make it 8 - 0 . Jhonny Peralta 's RBI single made it 9 - 0 in the fourth . Kansas City scored a run in the fifth on a single by Jeff Francoeur , a double by Yuniesky Betancourt and an RBI groundout by Humberto Quintero . Alex Gordon had an RBI double in the sixth for Kansas City , which finished with 14 hits . Alex Gordon 's RBI groundout in the eighth made it 9 - 3 .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Brian Matusz did n't have his best stuff . Matusz pitched into the seventh inning , Curtis Granderson homered and Derek Jeter had three hits , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the New York Yankees 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Matusz ( 1 - 3 ) gave up one run and six hits in 6 1/3 innings , striking out four and walking one . J. J. Hardy hit a two - run homer in the third off Phil Hughes ( 1 - 4 ) , and Derek Jeter had three hits for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Hughes ( 1 - 4 ) gave up four runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Derek Jeter had three hits for New York , including a leadoff single in the first , and Robinson Cano and Mark Teixeira each had a pair of hits for New York . Davis hit a solo homer in the second for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Hardy hit a two - run homer in the third off Phil Hughes ( 1 - 4 ) , who gave up four runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Derek Jeter had three hits for the Yankees , including a single in the third , and Robinson Cano was 0 for 4 with two strikeouts . The Orioles chased Hughes in the sixth . Hughes hit Matt Wieters with a pitch with two outs and was replaced by Boone Logan , who gave up an RBI single to Wilson Betemit and a two - run double to Johnson . New York loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh on a walk to Russell Martin , a single by Jeter and a hit batter . Darren O'Day then hit Curtis Granderson with a pitch to load the bases before Alex Rodriguez popped out . Davis doubled off Rafael Soriano in the eighth and scored on Johnson 's double .
MILWAUKEE -- Cody Ransom is making the most of his opportunity . Ransom hit his first career grand slam and Ryan Braun homered twice to lead the Milwaukee Brewers to a 10 - 2 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday night . Ransom hit a two - run homer off Wade Miley ( 9 - 4 ) in the fourth inning , then added a two - run shot in the eighth to give the Brewers a 10 - 0 lead . Mike Fiers ( 3 - 2 ) struck out a season-high 10 in six shutout innings , allowing two hits and three walks . Wade Miley ( 9 - 4 ) gave up eight runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The Diamondbacks have lost four straight and six of seven . Hart led off the second with a triple and scored on a wild pitch that bounced off the glove of catcher Martin Maldonado for an error . Braun hit a solo shot in the third to make it 2 - 0 . The Brewers made it 2 - 0 in the third when Braun hit a 1 - 2 pitch from Miley over the wall in right for his ninth home run of the season . The Brewers added a run in the fifth when Corey Hart walked , took second on a throwing error by second baseman Aaron Hill and scored on Cody Ransom 's single . The Diamondbacks scored in the eighth on a single by Stephen Drew , a single by Aaron Hill and a fielder 's choice by Gerardo Parra .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- The Cleveland Indians got a glimpse of what they needed . Jose Lopez matched a career high with five hits and drove in three runs , Jose Lopez had a career-high five hits and the Indians beat the Baltimore Orioles 11 - 5 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . The Indians won for the fourth time in five games . Josh Tomlin ( 4 - 5 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings . Dana Eveland ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs , six hits and two walks in 3 2/3 innings . The Indians took a 5 - 1 lead in the fourth when Marson singled and scored on a single by Asdrubal Cabrera before Jason Kipnis drove in a run with a groundout and Jose Lopez singled in a run . The Orioles closed to 5 - 4 in the fourth when Adam Jones doubled and scored on a two - out single by Shin-Soo Choo . Asdrubal Cabrera followed with a run-scoring double , and Jose Lopez capped the uprising with an RBI single . The Orioles closed to 10 - 5 in the sixth . Wilson Betemit hit a one - out double , took third on a single by Chris Davis and scored on a fielder 's choice by Matt Wieters . Baltimore got a first-inning run when Choo singled , took second on a single by Asdrubal Cabrera and scored on a single by Jose Lopez . Choo made it 2 - 0 in the second with his fourth home run . The Orioles got a run back in the bottom half when Mark Reynolds walked , took third on a single by Flaherty and scored on a sacrifice fly by Brian Roberts . Cleveland made it 5 - 1 in the fourth when Marson singled and scored on a single by Cabrera . Kipnis drove in a run with a groundout and Lopez singled in a run .
NEW YORK -- The New York Yankees have been waiting for Hiroki Kuroda to find a groove . Kuroda struck out a season-high 11 in seven shutout innings , and the Yankees beat the Chicago White Sox 4 - 0 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Kuroda ( 8 - 7 ) gave up three hits and one walk , lowering his ERA to 3.17 . He has allowed one run or fewer in five of his last six starts . The White Sox did n't get a runner past second base until the sixth , when they had a runner on second with two outs . Kevin Youkilis was hit by a pitch , advanced to second on a wild pitch and scored on a wild pitch , but Adam Dunn struck out to end the inning . Kuroda has allowed three or fewer runs in each of his last six starts . The Yankees won for the eighth time in nine games . The White Sox lost for the 10th time in 12 games . Jake Peavy ( 6 - 5 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in eight innings . He struck out 11 without walking a batter . Granderson homered in the first off Peavy to give New York a 1 - 0 lead . Nick Swisher led off the second with a single and scored on a two - out double by Dewayne Wise to make it 2 - 0 . Wise , who had three hits , made it 3 - 0 in the fifth with a drive into the second deck in right field for a 3 - 0 lead . Cano led off the sixth with a drive into the second deck in right field for his eighth homer of the season and second in two games . He also hit a two - run shot against the Yankees on June 26 . Cano connected on the first pitch he saw in the sixth , sending a drive into the second deck in right for his eighth homer of the season and second in two games . He also hit a two - run shot against Peavy in the opener of a three - game series Friday night . Cano connected on the first pitch he saw from Peavy in the sixth , sending a drive into the second deck in right for his eighth homer of the season . Cano connected on the first pitch he saw in the sixth , sending a drive into the second deck in right for his eighth homer of the season . He also hit a two - run shot off Peavy in the opener of a three - game series at Chicago on May 26 . Cano connected on the first pitch he saw in the sixth , sending a drive into the second deck in right for his eighth homer of the season . He also hit a two - run shot in the 10th inning of Tuesday night 's 4 - 3 win over the White Sox . Cano connected on the first pitch he saw from Peavy in the sixth for a 4 - 0 lead . It was his fourth of the season and second in two days . Cano connected on the first pitch he saw in the sixth , sending a drive into the second deck in right for his eighth homer of the season . Peavy ( 6 - 5 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in eight innings , striking out 11 without walking a batter . He also hit Derek Jeter with a pitch with one out in the sixth . Cano led off the sixth with a drive into the second deck in right field for his eighth homer of the season and second in two games . He also hit a two - run shot against Peavy in the opener of a three - game series Friday night . Cano connected on the first pitch he saw in the sixth , driving it into the second deck in right for his eighth homer of the season and second in two games . He also had a two - run shot in the sixth inning of a 6 - 5 win over the White Sox on Tuesday night . Cano connected on the first pitch he saw in the sixth , sending a drive into the second deck in right for his eighth homer of the season . He also hit a two - run shot in the 10th inning of Tuesday night 's 4 - 3 win over the White Sox . Peavy ( 6 - 5 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in eight innings , striking out 11 without walking a batter . He was lifted for a pinch hitter in the sixth after Cano 's homer .
MIAMI ( AP ) -- Mark Buehrle has been one of the best pitchers in the majors . Buehrle allowed two runs in seven innings to help the Miami Marlins beat the Philadelphia Phillies 3 - 2 on Friday night . Buehrle ( 7 - 8 ) allowed two runs and seven hits to win for the first time in five starts . He struck out seven , walked one and lowered his ERA to 3.48 . Hunter Pence and Hunter Pence homered for the Phillies , and Shane Victorino drove in a run with a sacrifice fly . Heath Bell pitched around a one - out double by Carlos Ruiz in the ninth for his 16th save in 18 chances . Cole Hamels ( 10 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked three . The Phillies , who have the worst record in the majors , lost for only the second time in their past nine games . Stanton hit a two - out homer in the first inning to give the Marlins a 1 - 0 lead . The Marlins went ahead 2 - 1 in the third when Reyes doubled and scored on a two - out single by Stanton . The Marlins loaded the bases with one out in the fifth on a single by Jose Reyes , an intentional walk to Stanton and a double steal . Ruggiano hit a sacrifice fly to center to make it 3 - 1 . Hunter Pence hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Phillies . The Marlins threatened in the eighth , loading the bases with one out , but Michael Schwimer retired Gaby Sanchez on a popup and John Buck on a fielder 's choice .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) -- Vance Worley is making a strong case to stay in the rotation . The right-hander pitched six strong innings to lead the Philadelphia Phillies to a 5 - 4 win over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Friday night . Worley ( 4 - 4 ) allowed three runs and six hits , striking out five . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his 18th save in 20 chances . Erik Bedard ( 4 - 8 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in six innings . Wigginton , who had three hits , drove a 3 - 2 pitch into the seats in right for a 4 - 1 lead in the third . The Pirates cut it to 4 - 2 in the sixth . Andrew McCutchen hit a one - out double and scored on Casey McGehee 's two - out single to cut it to 4 - 2 . The Pirates cut it to 4 - 3 in the seventh on Drew Sutton 's RBI double and pinch-hitter Drew Sutton 's RBI double off Juan Cruz . But Hector Luna grounded into a double play to end the inning . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Hunter Pence tripled and scored on Ruiz 's single . The Phillies got a run back in the bottom of the inning when Mike Fontenot singled and scored on Polanco 's single to right . The Phillies got a run back in the second when Mike Fontenot singled and scored on Polanco 's two - out single .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Luke Hochevar has been on a roll since returning from the disabled list . Hochevar pitched a seven - hitter for his second shutout of the season and the Kansas City Royals beat the Tampa Bay Rays 8 - 0 on Wednesday night . Hochevar ( 5 - 7 ) struck out eight and walked one in his second shutout of the season . He threw 113 pitches , 73 for strikes . Alex Cobb ( 3 - 4 ) gave up eight runs and 13 hits in eight innings . Yuniesky Betancourt drove in three runs and Alcides Escobar had three hits and scored twice for the Royals , who have won six of their last seven games . Cobb , who had won his previous four decisions , gave up eight runs and 13 hits in eight innings . He did not walk a batter and struck out one . Alex Gordon opened the Royals ' first with a double and scored on Mike Moustakas ' double . The Royals sent 10 men to the plate in a three - run third that included Yuniesky Betancourt 's two - run single and a run-scoring single by Salvador Perez . The Royals added a run in the fourth when Alcides Escobar doubled and scored on Betancourt 's sacrifice fly . Hosmer added a solo shot in the eighth for the Royals , who have won four of their last five games . The Rays did n't get a runner to second base until Ben Zobrist 's two - out single in the fourth , but Rodriguez flied out to end the inning . The Rays have been shut out four times this season .
ARLINGTON , Texas ( AP ) -- Nelson Cruz is n't going to let the Texas Rangers do it again . Cruz homered twice and drove in four runs to lead the Colorado Rockies to an 11 - 7 victory over the Texas Rangers on Tuesday night . Cruz , who had a two - run homer in the opener of a three - game series , is hitting .264 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last six games . Adrian Beltre had three hits , including an RBI single in a five - run fifth that gave the Rangers an 11 - 1 lead . Chris Nelson had three hits , including a two - run double in the fifth , and Wil Nieves hit a two - run homer in the Rockies ' three - run fifth . Rex Brothers ( 3 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Colby Lewis ( 6 - 6 ) gave up eight runs , seven earned , and 12 hits in four - plus innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jonathan Herrera led off with a single , stole second and scored on Giambi 's two - out single . The Rockies took a 5 - 0 lead in the third on Colvin 's two - run single and Chris Nelson 's two - run single . Fowler led off the fourth with a single and scored on Herrera 's double . Jordan Pacheco singled and stole second before Cuddyer hit a two - run double to make it 8 - 0 . Nieves ' two - run homer in the fifth off Michael Kirkman made it 10 - 1 . Fowler followed with a homer off Michael Kirkman .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Adrian Beltre and the rest of the Texas Rangers ' lineup looked pretty good at the plate . Beltre hit a two - run homer in his return to the lineup , and the Rangers beat the Colorado Rockies 4 - 1 on Wednesday night to avoid a three - game sweep . Beltre hit a two - run homer in the first off Christian Friedrich ( 4 - 4 ) , who allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . It was Beltre 's fourth homer in his last six games and No . 2 for his career . He is the first player in major league history to homer in his first two major league games . Oswalt ( 1 - 0 ) struck out six and walked one in 6 2/3 innings . Joe Nathan worked a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 18 chances . Christian Friedrich ( 4 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Rockies , who have the worst record in the majors , lost for the fifth time in six games . Beltre hit a two - run homer in the first off Friedrich , who allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . The right-hander struck out four and walked one . Nelson Cruz had an RBI double in the fourth and Mike Napoli followed with a solo homer to make it 4 - 0 . The Rockies got a run back in the seventh when Dexter Fowler tripled and scored on Marco Scutaro 's double . Robbie Ross relieved and got Carlos Gonzalez to ground out to end the inning . The Rockies had runners at first and second with two outs in the eighth before Mike Adams got Wilin Rosario to ground out .
BOSTON ( AP ) -- Will Middlebrooks had a big night at the plate . Middlebrooks hit a tying two - run homer in the eighth inning and the Boston Red Sox rallied from a three - run deficit to beat the Miami Marlins 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Red Sox , who had lost five of their previous six games , took a 5 - 3 lead in the bottom of the inning . Jarrod Saltalamacchia led off the eighth with a double off Randy Choate and scored on Middlebrooks ' two - run homer off Edward Mujica ( 0 - 3 ) . Ryan Kalish singled and scored on Daniel Nava 's single . Mujica ( 0 - 3 ) gave up two runs on three hits and two walks in two - thirds of an inning . Alfredo Aceves pitched a perfect ninth for his 18th save in 20 opportunities . The Marlins scored three runs in the first off Daisuke Matsuzaka , who allowed four runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . The Marlins took a 5 - 3 lead in the sixth on Stanton 's solo homer and Omar Infante 's RBI double off Andrew Miller . Jose Reyes led off the game with a single , stole second and scored on Greg Dobbs ' two - run single . Dobbs stole second and scored on Omar Infante 's single . The Red Sox tied it in the fourth on Will Middlebrooks ' RBI single and Mike Aviles ' sacrifice fly . The Red Sox tied it in the fifth when Adrian Gonzalez walked , Cody Ross singled and Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit into a fielder 's choice . Middlebrooks then lined a single to center to tie it at 3 . Stanton 's homer made it 4 - 3 in the sixth , and Infante 's double made it 5 - 3 .
PITTSBURGH -- The way James McDonald has been pitching lately , it was n't easy . McDonald pitched a six - hitter for his second complete game of the season and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Minnesota Twins 9 - 1 on Wednesday night . McDonald ( 6 - 3 ) struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . He threw 120 pitches , 76 for strikes , and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Pirates won for the fifth time in six games and improved to 6 - 1 on their 10-game homestand . Liam Hendriks ( 0 - 4 ) gave up six runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in five - plus innings with three strikeouts and no walks . McCutchen tripled with two outs in the first and scored on Garrett Jones ' single . McCutchen 's two - out double in the second inning scored James McDonald and Alex Presley , who had singled , to make it 4 - 0 . Trevor Plouffe doubled with two outs in the fourth and scored on Ryan Doumit 's single to make it 4 - 1 . Barajas hit a two - run homer in the sixth off Jeff Manship , who was making his major league debut . Andrew McCutchen had three hits and three RBIs for the Pirates , including a two - run homer off Jeff Manship in the seventh that made it 9 - 1 . The Twins ' only run came in the fourth when Trevor Plouffe doubled and scored on Doumit 's single . McCutchen led off the seventh with a single and Jones followed with a two - run homer off Jeff Manship . Alvarez added a solo shot off Jeff Manship .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Jered Weaver has been one of the best pitchers in the American League . Weaver pitched two - hit ball over six innings and struck out three , leading the Los Angeles Angels to a 6 - 0 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Friday night . Weaver ( 7 - 1 ) has allowed two runs or fewer in six of his last seven starts , and has won his last four decisions . Alberto Callaspo hit a solo homer in the second inning for the Angels , who have won four of five . Ryan Vogelsong ( 6 - 3 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings , struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the second time in his last four starts . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Callaspo drove a 3 - 1 pitch into the lower seats in the left-field corner for his fourth homer . The Angels increased their margin to 3 - 0 in the fifth . Howie Kendrick hit a one - out double and scored on Aybar 's single to center . Bobby Wilson was hit by a pitch to load the bases before Trout 's RBI single made it 3 - 0 . The Angels increased their margin to 6 - 0 in the eighth on Morales ' homer off Shane Loux , and Bobby Wilson added an RBI double later in the inning . Brandon Belt singled with two outs in the fifth for San Francisco 's first hit and Nate Schierholtz walked before Brandon Crawford popped out to end the inning . Buster Posey led off the seventh with a single against Jason Isringhausen , but Isringhausen struck out Angel Pagan , Pablo Sandoval and Brandon Belt to end the inning . The Angels increased their margin to 6 - 0 in the eighth on Morales ' homer off Shane Loux and Bobby Wilson 's RBI double . Ryan Theriot led off the ninth with a single , but Walden struck out Melky Cabrera and got Angel Pagan to ground out .
DETROIT -- Max Scherzer has been on a roll since coming off the disabled list . The Detroit Tigers ' ace has been one of the best pitchers in the American League . Scherzer struck out a season-high 12 in eight shutout innings , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Colorado Rockies 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Scherzer ( 6 - 4 ) allowed seven hits , walked none and lowered his ERA to 5.17 . Brayan Villarreal pitched a perfect ninth in a non-save situation . The Tigers have won four of their last five games . The Rockies have lost five of six . Jeremy Guthrie ( 3 - 6 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in three innings . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Don Kelly singled with two outs and scored on Gerald Laird 's double . The Tigers made it 4 - 0 in the third on Prince Fielder 's RBI double and Ramon Santiago 's two - run single . The Rockies made it 5 - 0 in the fourth on a two - out double by Tyler Colvin . Jordan Pacheco singled to put runners at the corners , but Chris Nelson grounded into a double play . The Tigers made it 5 - 0 in the sixth off Josh Roenicke . Austin Jackson and Quintin Berry hit consecutive one - out singles , and Cabrera followed with an RBI double to make it 5 - 0 .
DETROIT -- Miguel Cabrera is making a strong case to stay in the AL batting race . Cabrera homered for the first time in more than a year , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Colorado Rockies 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Cabrera 's homer was his fourth of the season and second in two games . The Tigers have won five of their last six games . Fister ( 1 - 3 ) allowed three hits and a walk in six shutout innings . He struck out six and walked one . Christian Friedrich ( 4 - 3 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out four . Cabrera , who had three hits , hit a solo homer in the first inning to give the Tigers a 1 - 0 lead . Delmon Young led off the Detroit fifth with a single , and Jhonny Peralta and Ryan Raburn singled with one out . Gerald Laird flied out before Ramon Santiago was hit by a pitch to load the bases . Adam Ottavino replaced Friedrich and gave up a sacrifice fly to Fielder that made it 3 - 0 . The Rockies added a run in the eighth on Carlos Gonzalez 's double and Michael Cuddyer 's groundout . The Rockies scored an unearned run off Joaquin Benoit in the ninth . Carlos Gonzalez led off with a double and scored on Michael Cuddyer 's groundout .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- The Chicago Cubs have been in first place in the NL Central since the All-Star break . Jhonny Peralta 's throwing error in the eighth inning allowed the go-ahead run to score , and the Cubs rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . The Cubs won for the seventh time in nine games and moved within a half-game of first-place Boston in the NL Central . The Tigers scored three times in the seventh to tie it at 3 . Delmon Young led off with a double and scored on Ramon Santiago 's pinch-hit single off Casey Coleman . With runners on first and second and two outs , Starlin Castro hit a grounder to shortstop Jhonny Peralta , who threw wildly to the plate for an error that allowed Barney to score . Shawn Camp pitched a perfect ninth for his first save in three chances . Delmon Young led off the seventh with a double and Jhonny Peralta walked before Gerald Laird flied out . Casey Coleman replaced Coleman and gave up an RBI single to Ramon Santiago and a two - run single to Ramon Santiago . Scherzer allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked five . Cubs starter Paul Maholm gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Barney 's two - out , two - run double in the sixth off Tigers starter Max Scherzer gave the Cubs a 3 - 0 lead . Bryan LaHair drew a leadoff walk in the second and moved to second on Steve Clevenger 's single . After a wild pitch , LaHair scored on Darwin Barney 's groundout to second . Scherzer walked Ian Stewart to load the bases before Scherzer struck out Maholm and got Tony Campana to ground out .
ATLANTA -- Ivan Nova was n't going to let the game slip away . Nova pitched seven scoreless innings and the New York Yankees beat the Atlanta Braves 3 - 0 on Wednesday night . Nova ( 8 - 2 ) gave up five hits , struck out six and walked one . The Yankees won for only the second time in eight games . The Braves have lost five of six . Randall Delgado ( 4 - 6 ) gave up three runs , five hits and six walks in five innings . He struck out five . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Alex Rodriguez doubled and scored on Robinson Cano 's single . Raul Ibanez led off the second with his ninth homer . The Yankees added two runs in the third . Rodriguez scored on a wild pitch and Robinson Cano singled in a run . The Braves had runners on first and second with one out in the fifth , but Nova struck out pinch-hitter Juan Francisco to end the inning . The Yankees loaded the bases with one out in the seventh , but Russell Martin hit into a double play . Nova walked Dan Uggla to open the seventh , but Chipper Jones popped out and Jason Heyward grounded out .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Kyle Lohse was n't going to let the game get away . Lohse pitched three - hit ball for 7 2/3 innings , and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Cleveland Indians 2 - 0 on Friday night . Lohse ( 6 - 1 ) struck out four and walked two . He has allowed two or fewer runs in each of his last four starts . Jason Motte pitched a perfect ninth for his 11th save in 12 chances . Justin Masterson ( 2 - 6 ) gave up one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked none . Shane Robinson led off the eighth with a double off Jeremy Accardo and scored on Rafael Furcal 's sacrifice fly . Beltran doubled and Yadier Molina was intentionally walked to load the bases for Allen Craig , who flied out to end the inning . The Indians were shut out for the sixth time this season and have scored two or fewer runs in seven of their last 10 games . Beltran 's homer in the third was the only run allowed by Lohse , who gave up one run on five hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Carlos Beltran hit a solo homer in the third for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . The Indians had a chance to score in the fourth when Carlos Santana drew a one - out walk and took second on Michael Brantley 's single . But Johnny Damon popped out and Casey Kotchman grounded out to end the inning . The Indians had a chance to add to their lead in the fourth when they loaded the bases with one out , but Lohse got Johnny Damon to pop out and Casey Kotchman to ground out . Shane Robinson led off the eighth with a double off Jeremy Accardo and scored on Rafael Furcal 's sacrifice fly .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Francisco Giants ' offense is starting to come alive . Brandon Belt singled home the go-ahead run in the ninth inning and the Giants beat the San Diego Padres 8 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Giants won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 1 on their 10-game homestand . Cain ( 7 - 2 ) allowed three unearned runs and seven hits in seven innings , struck out nine and walked one . Santiago Casilla got the last four outs for his 15th save in 16 chances . Jason Marquis ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Giants jumped on Marquis for two runs in the first inning . Buster Posey singled in Ryan Theriot , who reached on a one - out single . Theriot then stole second and scored on Theriot 's single to center . Posey led off the third with a homer to left , his fourth . The Padres scored three runs in the third . Marquis singled and Cameron Maybin reached on a fielding error by Pagan to start the inning . Yonder Alonso hit a grounder to Theriot , who threw wildly to home , allowing Marquis to score . Pagan hit a two - run homer off Brad Brach in the seventh to give San Francisco a 6 - 3 lead . The Padres loaded the bases with no outs in the sixth on a single by Melky Cabrera , a single by Logan Forsythe and a single by Everth Cabrera . But pinch-hitter Mark Kotsay flied out and Cameron Maybin grounded into a double play . Blanco homered off Alex Hinshaw in the eighth .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Mark Trumbo is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Trumbo homered twice and drove in four runs , leading the Los Angeles Angels to a 6 - 1 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Friday night . The Angels have won five of their last six games , including three of their last four . Trumbo is hitting .337 with four homers and 11 RBIs in his last 10 games . Trumbo 's two - run homer in the fifth inning was his fourth of the season and second in two games . Richards ( 1 - 0 ) gave up one run and four hits in seven innings , struck out eight and walked two . Blake Beavan ( 3 - 5 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in five innings , struck out two and walked none . Trumbo and Hunter homered on consecutive pitches in the second inning to give the Angels a 2 - 0 lead . Michael Saunders led off the third with a homer for the Mariners , who have lost five of their last six games . The Angels increased their margin to 4 - 1 in the third on Pujols ' RBI single and Trumbo 's RBI single . Trumbo 's two - run homer in the fifth made it 6 - 1 , and the Angels increased their margin to 6 - 1 in the bottom half when Pujols doubled and scored on Trumbo 's two - out homer . The Mariners loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh , but Richards retired Brendan Ryan on a fly to center .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are going to have to find a way to win . Elian Herrera 's two - run double in the eighth inning lifted the Dodgers to a 2 - 1 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Friday night . The Dodgers won for the fifth time in six games . Billingsley ( 3 - 4 ) allowed one run and six hits , striking out three in seven innings . Kenley Jansen tossed a scoreless ninth for his eighth save in 10 chances . Cliff Lee ( 0 - 3 ) struck out a career-high 12 in 7 2/3 innings . He allowed two runs and six hits , but fell to 0 - 3 in his last four starts . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . The Dodgers took a 2 - 1 lead in the eighth when Matt Treanor led off with a double and pinch-hitter Bobby Abreu singled , pinch-hitter Bobby Abreu singled , pinch-hitter Bobby Abreu singled and Dee Gordon reached on an infield single . Herrera then lined a 2 - 2 pitch into the right-field corner to score Abreu and Gordon . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jimmy Rollins led off with a double and scored on Hunter Pence 's single . Jimmy Rollins led off the bottom of the first with a double and scored on Pence 's single to right . The Phillies have lost four of five .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros have n't had a winning season so far this season . Adron Chambers hit a two - run triple and Rafael Furcal followed with a two - run homer in the ninth inning , lifting the Astros to a 9 - 8 win over the St. Louis Cardinals on Wednesday night . The Astros have won six of their last seven games and have the best record in the majors . Lucas Harrell ( 5 - 4 ) allowed eight hits and four runs -- three earned -- in six innings for the win . Brett Myers allowed a two - run homer to Rafael Furcal in the ninth before retiring Allen Craig on a grounder for his 14th save . Jaime Garcia ( 3 - 4 ) gave up six runs and five hits in two innings for the loss . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Rafael Furcal hit a leadoff double and scored on a groundout by Matt Holliday . Jose Altuve led off the Houston first with a double and scored on J. D. Martinez 's two - out single . Garcia walked Chris Johnson and Brett Wallace to load the bases before Martinez scored on a wild pitch by Martinez . Chris Johnson walked to load the bases and Martinez scored on a wild pitch before Chris Snyder 's two - run single made it 4 - 1 . Maxwell 's two - run homer made it 6 - 1 in the second . The Cardinals got a run back in the third on a two - out , two - run homer by Adams . Bogusevic 's homer to the Crawford Boxes in left field made it 7 - 4 in the fourth . Brett Wallace added an RBI double off Victor Marte in the seventh .
HOUSTON ( AP ) -- The Houston Astros are finally starting to feel good about themselves . Justin Maxwell hit a tiebreaking , two - run homer in the seventh inning and the Astros beat the Cincinnati Reds 5 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Astros have won six of their last seven games , including four straight at home . Lyles ( 1 - 1 ) allowed five hits and two runs with three strikeouts in seven innings . Brett Myers pitched a perfect ninth for his 13th save . Bronson Arroyo ( 2 - 4 ) allowed eight hits and five runs with four strikeouts in 6 1/3 innings for the loss . The Astros trailed 2 - 1 in the fifth when Brett Wallace singled and scored on a single by Marwin Gonzalez to tie it at 2 . Castro advanced to third on a sacrifice bunt by Lyles and scored on a sacrifice fly by Jordan Schafer to put Houston up 3 - 2 . Maxwell 's homer to the Crawford Boxes in left field came after Marwin Gonzalez singled with one out in the seventh . Todd Frazier led off the Houston eighth with a double off Wilton Lopez and moved to third on Zack Cozart 's single to right . Lopez struck out Drew Stubbs before Votto hit a fly ball to the warning track in left field . Johnson scored on the sacrifice fly to put Cincinnati up 1 - 0 . Cozart 's two - run homer in the third inning gave Houston a 2 - 1 lead . Brett Wallace led off the Houston fifth with a single and Jason Castro reached on an infield single . Gonzalez followed with an RBI single to tie it at 2 - 2 . Castro scored on a sacrifice fly by Schafer to put Houston up 3 - 2 .
PHILADELPHIA -- Carlos Zambrano 's first career home run was a big one . Zambrano took a no-hitter into the eighth inning and hit his first career home run , leading the Miami Marlins to a 5 - 1 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Friday night . Zambrano ( 4 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Jose Reyes hit a two - run double off Joe Blanton ( 4 - 6 ) in the seventh and Hanley Ramirez homered for the Marlins , who have won four of five . Zambrano ( 4 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits , striking out seven in 7 2/3 innings . He did n't allow a hit until Brian Schneider 's leadoff single in the eighth . Steve Cishek relieved Steve Cishek with one out in the eighth and gave up a single to Shane Victorino and a single to Placido Polanco . Freddy Galvis grounded into a fielder 's choice , but Bell got Brian Schneider to ground out to end the game . Joe Blanton ( 4 - 6 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in six - plus innings . The Phillies have lost four of five . Zambrano gave up a solo homer to Zambrano in the third inning to give the Marlins a 1 - 0 lead . Ramirez led off the fourth with a drive to right for his eighth homer . The Marlins tacked on two more runs in the seventh . Reyes hit a two - run double and Zambrano scored on a wild pitch by Chad Qualls to make it 5 - 0 . Pierre hit a one - out double in the sixth , but Zambrano struck out Hunter Pence and then fanned Hector Luna .
DETROIT -- Phil Hughes did n't have his best stuff . Hughes pitched a four - hitter for his second complete game of the season , and the New York Yankees beat the Detroit Tigers 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Hughes ( 5 - 5 ) struck out eight and walked three in his second complete game of the season . He threw 123 pitches , 82 for strikes . Hughes did n't allow a hit until Delmon Young 's two - out single in the ninth . Justin Verlander ( 5 - 4 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out four . Jeter led off the game with a homer to left . Curtis Granderson walked and Alex Rodriguez walked before Mark Teixeira hit a sacrifice fly . Rodriguez made it 3 - 0 with a solo homer in the third . Fielder led off the bottom of the fourth with a homer to left , but the Yankees could n't get anything going against Hughes . The Yankees made it 5 - 1 in the fifth when Curtis Granderson hit a one - out double , then scored when second baseman Danny Worth could n't handle Robinson Cano 's two - out triple . The Yankees made it 5 - 1 in the fifth when Curtis Granderson hit a one - out double and scored when second baseman Danny Worth could n't handle Robinson Cano 's two - out triple . The Yankees loaded the bases with one out in the seventh on a single by Jeter , a single by Jeter and a one - out single by Rodriguez . Duane Below replaced Verlander and got Mark Teixeira to fly out to end the inning . Jeter led off the seventh with a single and moved to second on Rodriguez 's one - out single , but Duane Below got Cano to ground out to first and Teixeira flied out to end the inning . Jeter led off the seventh with a single and moved to second on Rodriguez 's one - out single , but Below got Cano to ground out and Duane Below got Mark Teixeira to fly out to end the inning . Jeter led off the seventh with a single and moved to second on Rodriguez 's one - out single , but Duane Below got Cano to ground out to first and Teixeira flied out to end the inning . Jeter led off the seventh with a single and moved to second on Rodriguez 's one - out single , but Duane Below got Cano to ground out to first and Teixeira flied out to end the inning . Jeter led off the seventh with a single and moved to second on Rodriguez 's one - out single . But Below got Cano to ground out and Duane Below got Mark Teixeira to fly out to end the inning . Jeter led off the seventh with a single and moved to second on Rodriguez 's one - out single , but Duane Below got Cano to ground out to first and Teixeira flied out to end the inning . Jeter led off the seventh with a single and moved to second on Rodriguez 's one - out single , but Duane Below got Cano to ground out to first and Teixeira flied out to end the inning . Jeter led off the seventh with a single and moved to second on Rodriguez 's one - out single , but Duane Below got Cano to ground out to first and Teixeira flied out to end the inning . Jeter led off the seventh with a single and moved to second on Rodriguez 's one - out single , but Duane Below got Cano to ground out to first and Teixeira flied out to end the inning . Jeter led off the seventh with a single and moved to second on Rodriguez 's one - out single , but Duane Below got Cano to ground out to first and Teixeira flied out to end the inning . Jeter led off the seventh with a single and moved to second on Rodriguez 's one - out single , but Duane Below got Cano to ground out to first and Teixeira flied out to end the inning . Jeter led off the seventh with a single and moved to second on Rodriguez 's one - out single , but Duane Below got Cano to ground out to first and Teixeira flied out to end the inning . Jeter led off the seventh with a single and moved to second on Rodriguez 's one - out single , but Duane Below got Cano to ground out to first and Teixeira flied out to end the inning . Jeter led off the seventh with a single and moved to second on Rodriguez 's one - out single , but Duane Below got Cano to ground out to first and Teixeira flied out to end the inning . Jeter led off the seventh with a single and moved to second on Rodriguez 's one - out single , but Duane Below got Cano to ground out to first and Teixeira flied out to end the inning . Jeter led off the seventh with a single and moved to second on Rodriguez 's one - out single , but Duane Below got Cano to ground out to first and Teixeira flied out to end the inning . Jeter led off the seventh with a single and moved to second on Rodriguez 's one - out single , but Duane Below got Cano to ground out to first and Teixeira flied out to end the inning
CHICAGO -- Ichiro Suzuki was n't surprised to see his first home run of the season . Suzuki hit a tiebreaking double in the 12th inning , and the Seattle Mariners rallied for a 10 - 8 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . The Mariners won for the 10th time in 12 games and improved to a season-high 10 games over .500 . They have won six of their last seven games . The Mariners had 15 hits , including two apiece by John Jaso and Chone Figgins in the 12th . Tom Wilhelmsen ( 2 - 1 ) pitched three scoreless innings of relief for the win . Hisashi Iwakuma pitched the 12th for his second save . Brendan Ryan hit a tying , two - run double in the eighth off Jesse Crain , and Brendan Ryan drove in two runs with a double in the eighth to give the Mariners a 7 - 7 lead . The Mariners scored three runs in the eighth off White Sox reliever Jesse Crain to take a 7 - 5 lead . Ichiro Suzuki led off the game with a homer for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Pierzynski 's two - run homer in the second off Hector Noesi tied it at 2 . Suzuki led off the third with his second home run of the game , a shot to left that gave the Mariners a 3 - 2 lead . It was his third multihomer game of the season and second of his career . Saunders hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Mariners a 5 - 3 lead . Rios led off the fourth with a homer to cut it to 5 - 4 .
ARLINGTON , <RUNS> ( AP ) -- Albert Pujols is n't the only player in major league history to hit two home runs in a game . Pujols hit two home runs for the second straight game , and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Texas Rangers 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Pujols , who had a two - run shot in the sixth inning of the Angels ' 4 - 2 victory over the Rangers on Friday night , hit a two - run shot in the sixth to put the Angels up 4 - 0 . Pujols ' first multihomer game of the season was his first at home this season . Trout 's two - run shot in the sixth off Derek Holland ( 7 - 6 ) gave the Angels a 3 - 0 lead . Jered Weaver ( 14 - 1 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . David Murphy had a two - run double in the seventh for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Hunter 's double in the seventh off Derek Holland ( 7 - 6 ) scored Maicer Izturis and Mike Trout for a 6 - 0 lead . Pujols hit a solo homer in the fourth for the first multihomer game of his career . Hunter greeted Tanner Scheppers with a two - run double in the seventh to make it 6 - 0 . David Murphy had a two - run double for Texas in the seventh , but Kevin Jepsen got Mike Napoli to ground out and Mitch Moreland to fly out . Holland allowed six runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four .
BOSTON ( AP ) -- The Boston Red Sox are on their longest winning streak of the season . Pedro Ciriaco and Carl Crawford hit RBI singles in a four - run fourth inning and the Red Sox beat the Detroit Tigers 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . The Red Sox won for the fourth time in five games and moved two games ahead of the New York Yankees in the AL East . The Red Sox won for the fourth time in five games and moved two games ahead of Boston in the AL wild-card race . The Red Sox beat the Chicago White Sox 4 - 2 . Verlander ( 11 - 7 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked four . Verlander ( 11 - 7 ) gave up four runs , three earned , and six hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked four . The Tigers , who had won four of their previous five games , lost for the fourth time in five games . Clayton Mortensen ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 2 2/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . Josh Beckett gave up a run in the third on Miguel Cabrera 's bases-loaded walk . Clayton Mortensen ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 2 2/3 innings of one - hit relief for the win . The Red Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the first , but Jarrod Saltalamacchia struck out to end the inning . The Red Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the bottom of the first on a single by Jacoby Ellsbury , a groundout by Carl Crawford and a walk to Adrian Gonzalez . Ellsbury stole third and scored when Miguel Cabrera walked on a 3 - 2 pitch to force in the game 's first run . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a bases-loaded walk to Miguel Cabrera .
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting for Wei-Yin Chen to find a way to win . Chen struck out a career-high 12 in 5 2/3 innings , and the Orioles beat the Oakland Athletics 6 - 1 on Friday night for their fifth straight victory . Chen ( 9 - 6 ) gave up one unearned run and three hits , walking four and striking out a season-high 12 . The Taiwanese left-hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts . Omar Quintanilla homered for the second straight game and Yoenis Cespedes added an RBI double in the sixth for the Orioles , who have won six of their last seven games . Chen allowed one unearned run and three hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out a season-high 12 . Wieters hit a three - run homer in a four - run third inning off Travis Blackley ( 3 - 3 ) , who gave up five runs and six hits in five innings . The Orioles made it 5 - 0 in the fifth when J. J. Hardy scored on a throwing error by first baseman Chris Carter . Travis Blackley ( 3 - 3 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out one . The A 's made it 5 - 1 in the sixth when Jemile Weeks drew a leadoff walk and Jonny Gomes reached on an error by Quintanilla at second base . Yoenis Cespedes singled in a run off Darren O'Day , but Darren O'Day got Derek Norris to pop out to end the inning . Quintanilla homered off Jim Miller in the sixth . The A 's loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh before Troy Patton got Josh Reddick to pop up to end the threat . Eric Sogard doubled with one out in the ninth but was stranded when Jemile Weeks grounded out and Brandon Moss struck out .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- The Chicago Cubs are on a roll . Anthony Rizzo hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the 10th inning to give the Cubs a 4 - 2 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Wednesday night . The Cubs won for the eighth time in nine games and moved within a half-game of NL Central-leading Cincinnati . Beltran 's homer off Shawn Camp in the eighth tied it at 2 . Starlin Castro led off the 10th with a single off St. Louis reliever Trevor Rosenthal ( 0 - 1 ) and Rizzo followed with a drive into the left-field bleachers for his fifth homer of the season . James Russell ( 5 - 0 ) pitched the 10th for the win . Carlos Beltran hit a tying homer off Shawn Camp in the eighth for St. Louis . St. Louis starter Adam Wainwright allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when David DeJesus led off with a triple and scored on Starlin Castro 's groundout . The Cubs added a run in the second when Darwin Barney hit a leadoff double and scored on a throwing error by shortstop Daniel Descalso . The Cardinals cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the seventh on Tyler Greene 's sacrifice fly and a bases-loaded walk to Daniel Descalso . Manny Corpas came in and retired Allen Craig on a fly ball to end the inning . Wainwright allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one .
ATLANTA -- Mike Minor has been one of the few bright spots for the NL East leaders . Minor pitched eight strong innings and the Atlanta Braves beat the Philadelphia Phillies 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Minor ( 6 - 7 ) gave up four hits and one run with no walks and nine strikeouts . He has allowed one earned run or less in four of his last five starts . The Braves have won four straight and six of seven . Minor has allowed one run or less in six of his last seven starts . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth for his 30th save in 32 chances . Joe Blanton ( 8 - 9 ) gave up four hits and two runs in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Michael Bourn led off with a single and scored on Chipper Jones ' fly ball to center . Michael Bourn led off the third with a single and moved to second on Martin Prado 's groundout . He scored on Heyward 's single to right . Chase Utley 's homer cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the fourth . Blanton gave up four hits and two runs in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Phillies , who have lost four straight and six of seven , fell to 1 - 5 on their 10-game homestand . The Braves have won six of their last seven games , including three straight at Turner Field . The Braves have won six of their last seven games . The Braves have won six of their last seven games . The Braves have won six of their last seven games . The Braves have won six of their last seven games . The Braves have won six of their last seven games . They have won six of their last seven overall . The Braves have won six of their last seven games .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Curtis Granderson was n't sure what to expect . Granderson hit his first career grand slam and drove in four runs , leading the New York Yankees to a 10 - 3 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night . Granderson hit a two - out , two - run homer off Mark Melancon in the eighth to give the Yankees a 10 - 3 lead . It was his third homer of the season and second in two days . Granderson had three hits and drove in four runs , raising his average to .253 . Curtis Granderson hit a grand slam off Mark Melancon in the eighth to give the Yankees a 10 - 3 lead . Phil Hughes ( 10 - 8 ) gave up three runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Aaron Cook ( 2 - 4 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in four - plus innings . Dustin Pedroia homered in the first for the Red Sox , who lost for the fifth time in six games . Curtis Granderson doubled with one out in the first and scored on Mark Teixeira 's fielder 's choice . Ibanez followed with a two - run shot into the second deck in right field for a 3 - 1 lead . The Red Sox cut it to 3 - 2 in the third on Carl Crawford 's first home run of the season , a solo shot . Derek Jeter and Curtis Granderson singled to start the bottom of the third , and Teixeira followed with a sacrifice fly . Martin hit a two - run homer in the fourth for a 6 - 3 lead .
ST. LOUIS -- Rafael Furcal has been one of the best in the National League . Furcal singled in the winning run with two outs in the 12th inning to give the St. Louis Cardinals a 3 - 2 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Wednesday night . The Cardinals won for the 10th time in 12 games . Lance Berkman walked with one out in the 12th against Jamey Wright ( 4 - 3 ) and moved to second on a two - out single by Matt Carpenter . Furcal then lined a 2 - 0 pitch into left field to score Kelly without a throw . Fernando Salas ( 1 - 3 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Dodgers starter Aaron Harang gave up two runs and two hits in 7 1/3 innings , striking out eight and walking four . Dodgers starter Aaron Harang gave up two runs and two hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked four . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Hanley Ramirez tripled and scored on James Loney 's sacrifice fly . The Cardinals tied it in the second when Allen Craig walked , took third on Yadier Molina 's single and scored when David Freese grounded into a double play . The Cardinals took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth when Freese doubled and scored on Lohse 's sacrifice fly . The Dodgers tied it in the sixth when Mark Ellis doubled and scored on Ramirez 's two - out single . The Cardinals loaded the bases with one out in the eighth on a walk to Skip Schumaker , a sacrifice bunt by pinch-hitter Daniel Descalso and a walk to Jon Jay . Scott Elbert came in and got Matt Holliday to line into a double play to end the threat .
PITTSBURGH -- Anthony Rizzo 's first home run in more than a month . Rizzo hit a two - run homer and drove in two runs to lead the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 3 - 2 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Rizzo , who had a two - run homer in the top of the sixth , hit a two - out RBI double off Ryan Dempster ( 5 - 5 ) to give the Pirates a 3 - 2 lead . He hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the inning to give the Pirates a 3 - 2 lead . Rizzo is hitting .323 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his past 10 games . Kevin Correia ( 8 - 6 ) gave up two runs and four hits in six innings , walking two and striking out four . Joel Hanrahan worked a perfect ninth for his 29th save in 31 opportunities . Ryan Dempster ( 5 - 5 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings , striking out six without a walk . The Cubs ' Anthony Rizzo hit a solo home run in the first inning , his eighth of the season and second in as many games . Neil Walker hit a solo homer in the bottom of the first for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . The Cubs took a 2 - 1 lead in the third when David DeJesus doubled and scored on Rizzo 's two - out single . McKenry tied it with a two - out homer in the fifth . The Pirates regained the lead in the sixth . Alex Presley singled with one out and took third on Andrew McCutchen 's two - out single . Jones then doubled to right to score Presley .
HOUSTON -- The Cincinnati Reds had a season-high 17 hits . Todd Frazier had three hits and drove in two runs , Todd Frazier had three hits and two RBIs and the Reds beat the Houston Astros 8 - 3 on Wednesday night . The Reds won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to a season-high 10 games over .500 . Mat Latos ( 8 - 3 ) allowed eight hits and two runs in five innings for the win . Wandy Rodriguez ( 7 - 9 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead on an RBI single by Todd Frazier in the first inning . Drew Stubbs singled to start the third and stole second base before scoring on a double by Ryan Ludwick . Ludwick later scored on a single by Chris Heisey to make it 3 - 0 . The Astros loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth on a single by Jose Altuve , a double by Marwin Gonzalez and an intentional walk to Chris Snyder . Latos escaped by striking out Ben Francisco and getting Chris Snyder to pop out to end the inning . The Reds added three runs in the seventh off Wilton Lopez , who was making his major league debut . Frazier singled with one out and scored on a double by Scott Rolen to make it 4 - 2 . Frazier scored on a single by Jay Bruce to make it 8 - 2 . Chris Snyder singled with one out in the eighth before LeCure walked Brian Bogusevic and Jose Altuve to load the bases . Snyder scored on a fielder 's choice by Marwin Gonzalez to cut the lead to 8 - 3 . Sean Marshall came on and got Matt Downs to fly out to end the inning . Chris Snyder singled with one out in the eighth inning and Brian Bogusevic walked before Jose Altuve walked to load the bases . Sean Marshall came on and got pinch-hitter Matt Downs to fly out to end the inning . The Astros loaded the bases with one out in the eighth against Sam LeCure on a single by Chris Snyder , a walk to Bogusevic and a walk to Altuve . Snyder scored on a fielder 's choice by Marwin Gonzalez to cut the lead to 8 - 3 .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are starting to look like themselves . Juan Uribe hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning , Juan Uribe added a two - run shot and the Dodgers beat the New York Mets 8 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Dodgers won for the 10th time in 13 games and moved within a half-game of first-place San Francisco in the NL West . Chris Capuano ( 10 - 5 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Kenley Jansen worked the ninth for his 18th save in 20 chances , striking out Scott Hairston with the bases loaded to end it . Miguel Batista ( 1 - 3 ) gave up four runs and five hits in three - plus innings . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on James Loney 's RBI single . The Dodgers made it 4 - 0 in the third on a two - run double by Uribe and an RBI single by Luis Cruz . Pinch hitter Jordany Valdespin led off the bottom of the third with a single and Ruben Tejada followed with a single . Andres Torres struck out and David Wright popped out before Scott Hairston and Jason Bay hit consecutive RBI singles . Juan Uribe drew a one - out walk in the fifth and scored on a two - out double by Matt Treanor to make it 6 - 2 . Ronny Cedeno hit a solo homer in the sixth for New York . Pinch-hitter Daniel Murphy had an RBI triple off Ronald Belisario in the eighth and Nieuwenhuis drove in a run with a groundout . Uribe hit a two - run homer off R. A. Dickey in the ninth .
WASHINGTON -- The Atlanta Braves have been waiting all season to celebrate . Paul Janish singled home the go-ahead run in the 11th inning and the Braves held on for an 11 - 10 victory over the Washington Nationals on Friday night . The Braves won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . They have won six of their last seven overall . Atlanta scored two runs in the ninth off Nationals closer Tyler Clippard , who blew his third save in 19 chances . Dan Uggla led off the 11th with a single off Tom Gorzelanny ( 2 - 2 ) and moved to second on a throwing error by third baseman Ryan Zimmerman . Janish followed with a single to right , and Tyler Pastornicky pinch hit for Jason Heyward , who was hit by a pitch to load the bases . Atlanta 's Danny Espinosa homered for the second straight game , and Michael Morse added a two - run shot for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . The Braves scored four runs in the eighth off Drew Storen , who struck out pinch-hitter Juan Francisco and Michael Bourn before walking Martin Prado to load the bases . Jones followed with a two - run single , and Freddie Freeman singled in a run before Brian McCann grounded out to end the inning . Danny Espinosa hit a one - out homer in the ninth for Washington , but it was n't enough to prevent the Nationals from losing for the seventh time in nine games . Morse 's three - run homer in the first off Tommy Hanson gave the Nationals a 3 - 0 lead . The Nationals scored three runs in the fourth on a two - run homer by Zimmerman , who had three hits and three RBIs . The Nationals broke it open with three runs in the fifth off Tommy Hanson . Morse led off with a single and McCann hit a two - run homer off Tommy Hanson . Dan Uggla singled and moved to third on Eric Hinske 's one - out double , but Michael Gonzalez struck out Michael Bourn before Prado hit a two - run double .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting all season to win . Ryan Flaherty hit a three - run homer in Baltimore 's five - run third inning , and the Orioles beat the Cleveland Indians 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Orioles won for only the second time in eight games . Miguel Gonzalez ( 2 - 1 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings to win his second straight start . Derek Lowe ( 8 - 8 ) gave up nine runs and seven hits in three - plus innings . The right-hander is 0 - 3 with a 5.04 ERA in his last four starts . Thome led off the third with a double and scored on a fielder 's choice by Matt Wieters . Flaherty followed with a three - run homer to make it 7 - 1 . Adam Jones led off the sixth with a double off Esmil Rogers and scored on Wilson Betemit 's groundout . Jack Hannahan hit a solo homer in the seventh for Cleveland , which has lost four of five . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when J. J. Hardy doubled and scored on a wild pitch by Derek Lowe ( 8 - 8 ) . The Indians loaded the bases with two outs in the first , but Gonzalez got Johnny Damon to ground out to end the inning . The Indians loaded the bases with two outs in the first , but failed to score . Johnny Damon grounded out to end the inning . Thome led off the fourth with his 16th homer , a 422-foot blast to center . Adam Jones then walked and Wilson Betemit walked to load the bases .
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) -- Edinson Volquez was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Volquez pitched a one - hitter for his first major league complete game and the San Diego Padres beat the Houston Astros 1 - 0 on Wednesday night . Volquez ( 6 - 7 ) struck out five and walked three . He threw 117 pitches , 75 for strikes . Volquez retired Scott Moore on a fly ball to end the game , then got Scott Moore to fly out to right field to end the game . The Astros , who have the worst record in the majors , have lost four straight and six of seven . Lucas Harrell ( 7 - 7 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings , struck out six and walked one . The Padres scored in the first when Alexi Amarista doubled and scored on Logan Forsythe 's single . The Astros had a chance to take the lead in the second when J. D. Martinez drew a leadoff walk and Matt Downs reached on third baseman Chase Headley 's throwing error . Justin Maxwell lined into a double play and Jordan Schafer grounded out to end the inning . The Astros , who have the worst record in the majors , have lost six of their last seven games . Volquez walked J. D. Martinez leading off the second and Matt Downs reached on an error by third baseman Chase Headley . Volquez got out of the jam by getting Justin Maxwell to ground out . The Astros had a chance to add on in the fourth when J. D. Martinez drew a two - out walk and Matt Downs singled . But Volquez got Justin Maxwell to ground out to end the threat .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- Brandon Phillips had a lot to do with it . Phillips hit a two - run homer and drove in five runs Friday night , leading the Cincinnati Reds to a 7 - 6 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks . The NL Central leaders overcame a 6 - 0 deficit and won for only the fourth time in their last 13 games at Great American Ball Park . The Reds have won eight of their last 10 games overall . Phillips ' homer was his second in two games . Phillips ' two - run double tied it in the seventh , when the Reds scored three times off Bryan Shaw ( 1 - 4 ) . Alfredo Simon ( 2 - 1 ) got the win with 1 2/3 innings of scoreless relief . Aroldis Chapman pitched the ninth for his 15th save in 18 chances . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . Henry Blanco hit a two - run homer in the sixth off Joe Saunders , who gave up three runs and four hits in six innings . Alfredo Simon ( 2 - 1 ) got the win with 1 2/3 innings of scoreless relief . Brandon Phillips hit a three - run homer in the sixth for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Bryan Shaw ( 1 - 4 ) walked Xavier Paul and Drew Stubbs with one out in the seventh . Wilson Valdez hit a grounder to first baseman Paul Goldschmidt , who threw wildly to the plate for an error that allowed Paul to score . Paul Goldschmidt 's RBI single made it 2 - 0 . The Diamondbacks made it 2 - 0 in the third . Willie Bloomquist led off with a double and scored on Aaron Hill 's single to make it 2 - 0 . Hill 's homer made it 3 - 0 in the fifth . The Diamondbacks made it 6 - 0 in the sixth on Justin Upton 's double and Chris Young 's RBI double . Blanco 's two - run homer made it 6 - 0 .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Jesus Montero had a big night at the plate . Montero homered and drove in four runs to lead the Seattle Mariners to a 6 - 1 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Friday night . The Mariners have won four of their last five games , including three of their last four games . Montero had three hits and drove in four runs . Felix Hernandez ( 8 - 5 ) gave up one run and eight hits in eight innings . He struck out three and walked one . Will Smith ( 1 - 3 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Montero led off the second inning with his first home run of the season , and Michael Saunders and Brendan Ryan each drove in a run with a sacrifice fly . Suzuki doubled in the fifth and scored on Jesus Montero 's single to make it 4 - 0 . The Royals got a run back in the fifth when Eric Hosmer led off the inning with a double and scored on Chris Getz 's one - out single . The Mariners padded their lead in the seventh . Salvador Perez led off the inning with a single off Louis Coleman and scored on Montero 's double . The Royals loaded the bases with one out in the eighth , but Hernandez struck out Alcides Escobar and got Billy Butler to ground into a fielder 's choice to end the inning . The Mariners tacked on a run in the ninth on Dustin Ackley 's single and Montero 's sacrifice fly .
BOSTON ( AP ) -- Cody Ross is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Ross homered twice and drove in six runs to lead the Boston Red Sox to a 10 - 1 win over the Chicago White Sox on Friday night . Ross has been one of the most consistent hitters in the majors . He has been one of the most consistent hitters in the majors . Ross hit a three - run homer in the fourth off Pedro Hernandez ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up eight runs and 12 hits in four - plus innings . Felix Doubront ( 10 - 4 ) gave up one run and four hits in six innings , walking three and striking out two . Pedro Hernandez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up eight runs and 12 hits in four innings . Ross and Gonzalez hit back-to-back homers in the fourth off Hernandez . Gonzalez added a two - run single in the sixth off Hector Santiago . The White Sox had grabbed a 1 - 0 lead in the first on consecutive singles by Alejandro De Aza , Kevin Youkilis and Paul Konerko . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom of the inning when Ellsbury doubled and scored on Gonzalez 's two - out single . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom of the inning when Ellsbury led off with a double and scored on a two - out single by Gonzalez . Ross put Boston ahead 4 - 1 with a three - run homer in the third .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals have been waiting all season long enough to keep their winning streak alive . Billy Butler led off the ninth inning with a home run and the Royals beat the Seattle Mariners 8 - 7 on Wednesday night for their fifth straight victory . It was the first time in franchise history that the Royals had scored at least seven runs in a game . Jesus Montero hit a two - run single off Royals reliever Jose Mijares in the seventh , and Kyle Seager added an RBI double off Aaron Crow to tie it at 7 . Butler led off the bottom of the ninth with a homer off Josh Kinney ( 0 - 1 ) . Greg Holland ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the victory . Kyle Seager hit a two - run homer in the second for the Mariners , who have lost three straight and six of seven . The Royals took a 3 - 1 lead in the second when Mike Moustakas hit an RBI double and scored on Brayan Pena 's groundout . Chris Getz 's RBI single made it 3 - 1 . Casper Wells tied it in the bottom half with a two - run homer off Bruce Chen , who allowed seven runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . Alex Gordon had three hits , including a two - run double in the fourth that gave the Royals a 5 - 3 lead . Cain hit a two - run homer in the fifth off Kevin Millwood , who gave up seven runs and 10 hits in five - plus innings . Cain 's two - run homer in the fifth off Jose Mijares pulled Kansas City to 7 - 6 , but the Mariners tied it in the bottom half on Cain 's two - out , two - run homer off Jose Mijares .
CHICAGO -- Carlos Lee 's first grand slam was a big one . Lee hit a grand slam and drove in four runs to lead the Miami Marlins to a 9 - 5 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Lee 's fifth-inning grand slam off Travis Wood ( 4 - 4 ) gave Miami a 7 - 0 lead , and he added an RBI single in the eighth to help the Marlins win for the fifth time in six games . Lee is hitting .287 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last 10 games . Lee 's grand slam in the fifth inning was the first of his career . He also hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning of the Marlins ' 5 - 4 win over the Cubs on June 12 . Anibal Sanchez ( 5 - 6 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Travis Wood ( 4 - 4 ) gave up eight runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Marlins scored three times in the fourth to take a 3 - 0 lead . Austin Kearns had a two - out RBI single and Infante followed with a two - run homer to make it 3 - 0 . Jeff Baker hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Starlin Castro and Anthony Rizzo had two hits apiece for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . The Cubs scored three unearned runs in the sixth to make it 8 - 2 . Geovany Soto hit a two - out double and scored when Joe Mather reached on an error by Ramirez at third base . Valbuena moved to third on a wild pitch and scored on Jeff Baker 's single to make it 9 - 5 , but Randy Choate got Anthony Rizzo to ground into a double play to end the inning . The Cubs added three runs in the eighth against Chad Gaudin . Geovany Soto led off with a walk , Steve Clevenger singled and Valbuena hit a two - run double . Valbuena moved up on a wild pitch and scored on Jeff Baker 's single . Valbuena advanced to third on a wild pitch and scored on Jeff Baker 's single .
BOSTON -- Adrian Gonzalez has been a big reason why . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the eighth inning , Pedro Ciriaco had three hits and the Boston Red Sox beat the Chicago White Sox 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . The Red Sox won for the seventh time in nine games and improved to a season-high 10 games over .500 . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the eighth to give the Red Sox a 4 - 1 lead , and the Red Sox won for the fifth time in six games . Gonzalez , who had been 0 - for - 7 in his first two games , hit a two - run homer and a double . Vicente Padilla ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . White Sox starter Dylan Axelrod allowed one run and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings , striking out eight without a walk . White Sox starter Dylan Axelrod gave up one run and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings , striking out eight without a walk . Kevin Youkilis had three hits for the White Sox , including a single in the first . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom of the first when Carl Crawford singled , took third on a single by David Ortiz and scored on a single by Adrian Gonzalez . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom of the first on a single by Carl Crawford , a single by Ortiz and an RBI single by Gonzalez . The Red Sox tied it in the seventh when Pedro Ciriaco singled with two outs , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Leyson Septimo o came in and struck out Jacoby Ellsbury . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with two outs in the seventh , but Leyson Sepo o Sepo ( 0 - 1 ) retired Jacoby Ellsbury on a fly to left .
SEATTLE -- Matt Harrison was n't sure what to expect when he took the mound . Harrison pitched a five - hitter for his first career shutout and the Texas Rangers beat the Seattle Mariners 4 - 0 on Friday night . Harrison ( 12 - 4 ) struck out three , walked four and threw a season-high 114 pitches . He threw a season-high 114 pitches . Harrison threw a season-high 114 pitches , the most in the majors this season , and the only hit he allowed was a leadoff walk to Miguel Olivo in the ninth . Ian Kinsler added a solo homer in the fifth , and Adrian Beltre had three hits and two RBIs for the Rangers . Hisashi Iwakuma ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out none . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Ian Kinsler drew a leadoff walk and moved to second on a groundout by Elvis Andrus . Kinsler scored on a groundout by Josh Hamilton . The Rangers added a run in the third on a single by Craig Gentry , a double by Elvis Andrus and a two - run single by Adrian Beltre . Kinsler led off the fifth with his seventh home run of the season to make it 4 - 0 . The Mariners threatened in the fifth , putting runners on first and second with two outs , but Harrison got Casper Wells to fly out to end the threat . Michael Saunders led off the fifth with a single , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Brendan Ryan followed with a double and Ichiro Suzuki walked before Casper Wells flied out to end the inning . Michael Saunders singled with one out in the seventh and Chone Figgins walked before Brendan Ryan grounded into a double play .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Chicago White Sox had a season-high 17 hits . Gordon Beckham 's two - out double in the 12th inning scored Jordan Danks , and the White Sox beat the Kansas City Royals 9 - 8 on Wednesday night . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . Gordon Beckham walked with one out in the 14th off Royals reliever Everett Teaford ( 1 - 3 ) and moved to third on Alejandro De Aza 's single to right . Youkilis then lofted a fly ball to the warning track in left field , scoring Beckham with the go-ahead run . A. J. Pierzynski had four hits for the White Sox , including an RBI double in the 12th . Dylan Axelrod ( 1 - 2 ) worked two scoreless innings for his first major league win . Jeff Francoeur led off the 12th with a double off White Sox closer Addison Reed and moved to third on Lorenzo Cain 's one - out single . Alex Gordon followed with a grounder to shortstop Alcides Escobar , who threw to first for the out . The Royals tied it in the bottom of the ninth when Billy Butler led off with a single and scored on a throwing error by reliever Leyson Septimo . Adam Dunn hit a two - run homer in the first off Bruce Chen and Alex Rios added a solo shot for the White Sox . The Royals scored three runs in the second on a solo homer by Moustakas and an RBI single by Alex Gordon . The Royals answered with three runs in the bottom half . Francoeur hit a one - out homer , Alex Gordon singled and Alcides Escobar hit a two - out single to score Cain . Viciedo hit a three - run homer in the fifth to put the White Sox up 6 - 5 .
PHOENIX -- The Arizona Diamondbacks have been in first place in the NL West since the All-Star break . The NL West leaders won their fourth straight game , 5 - 3 over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Friday night . The Diamondbacks won for the seventh time in eight games . Trevor Cahill ( 7 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings , striking out six and walking one . J. J. Putz pitched the ninth for his 16th save in 18 tries . Chad Billingsley ( 4 - 9 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings , striking out five without a walk . Jerry Hairston Jr. hit a two - run homer in the first for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Jason Kubel hit a solo homer off Josh Lindblom in the eighth for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . The Diamondbacks scored three runs in the fifth to take a 3 - 2 lead . Miguel Montero led off with a double , took third on Blum 's single and scored on Paul Goldschmidt 's sacrifice fly . Upton led off the sixth with a double and scored on Paul Goldschmidt 's sacrifice fly to give the D-backs a 4 - 2 lead . Ellis , who had three hits , led off the seventh with a home run off Cahill . Kubel 's two - out homer in the eighth off Josh Lindblom made it 5 - 3 .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- The Chicago Cubs finally got a big hit . Pinch-hitter Ike Davis hit a tying two - run single with the bases loaded in the ninth inning , and the Cubs rallied to beat the New York Mets 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . The Cubs won for only the second time in eight games . Travis Wood ( 4 - 3 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out three . Carlos Marmol gave up a ninth-inning homer to pinch hitter Jordany Valdespin before walking Ruben Tejada and giving up a two - run single to pinch-hitter Ike Davis that cut it to 8 - 7 . Johan Santana ( 6 - 5 ) gave up seven runs and 13 hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out six without a walk . Johnson and Darwin Barney hit consecutive singles off Santana to start the fifth , and Rizzo followed with a drive into the left-field seats for his first home run of the season . Geovany Soto followed with a single and Mike Nickeas hit a sacrifice fly to cut it to 7 - 3 . But Batista struck out pinch-hitter Bryan LaHair and got Geovany Soto to fly out to center to end the inning . Johnson led off the first with a drive to right for his first home run since June 30 , 2007 , against Kansas City . The Mets tied it in the bottom of the inning on a solo homer by Lucas Duda , who had four hits . Ruben Tejada drew a one - out walk in the third and scored on Ronny Cedeno 's double off the wall in left .
ANAHEIM , Calif. ( AP ) -- Matt Wieters got his first hit in the major leagues . Wieters hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs , leading the Los Angeles Angels to a 9 - 7 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Friday night . Wieters hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning for the Orioles , who have lost three straight and six of seven . Wieters hit a three - run homer in his return to the lineup after missing two games because of tightness in his left hamstring . The Angels trailed 7 - 3 in the fourth when Baltimore starter Jake Arrieta gave up six runs , five hits and three walks in 3 2/3 innings . The right-hander was replaced by Luis Ayala ( 2 - 2 ) , who gave up four hits and three walks in 1 1/3 innings . Trout drew a leadoff walk in the sixth , stole second and scored when Mark Trumbo 's throw to third sailed into center field for an error . Ernesto Frieri pitched the ninth for his 11th save in as many chances , striking out Thome with runners at second and third to end it . Ryan Flaherty , Ryan Flaherty and Ryan Flaherty homered for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Reynolds and Ryan Flaherty hit consecutive homers in the second inning for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Xavier Avery led off with a walk and scored on a two - out single by Jim Thome . The Orioles increased their margin to 4 - 1 in the second when Reynolds and Flaherty hit back-to-back homers , and Matt Wieters added an RBI groundout later in the inning . The Angels closed to 4 - 3 in the second on Aybar 's RBI single and Trout 's sacrifice fly .
PHOENIX ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are going to have to wait a little longer . Elian Herrera hit a tiebreaking home run in the seventh inning and the Dodgers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 4 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight victory . The Dodgers won for the seventh time in nine games and moved within one game of first-place San Francisco in the NL West . Los Angeles beat the Diamondbacks 4 - 3 in 10 innings . The Dodgers ' magic number for clinching the NL West remained at three . Nathan Eovaldi ( 1 - 5 ) gave up one run and five hits in six innings , striking out three and walking three . Kenley Jansen struck out the side in the ninth for his 15th save in 18 chances . Wade Miley ( 9 - 5 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Dodgers jumped on Miley for two runs in the first inning . Mark Ellis doubled down the right-field line and Jerry Hairston Jr. singled to put runners on first and third with one out . Juan Rivera followed with a double down the left-field line to score Ellis . Cruz 's RBI single made it 2 - 0 . The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the second on Stephen Drew 's RBI single . Van Slyke made it 3 - 1 with a two - out homer in the fourth , his eighth of the season and second in two games . Van Slyke made it 3 - 1 with a two - out homer in the fourth , his ninth of the season and second in two games . Van Slyke made it 3 - 1 in the fourth with a two - out homer to right , his ninth of the season and second in two games . The Dodgers put runners at first and second with no outs in the seventh , but pinch-hitter Juan Uribe grounded into a double play and Brad Ziegler relieved .
NEW YORK -- For the first time in more than a week , the New York Yankees are on a roll . Robinson Cano hit a go-ahead , two - run homer in the first inning , Robinson Cano added a two - run shot and New York beat the Chicago White Sox 4 - 2 on Tuesday night for its fifth straight victory . The Yankees won for the fourth time in five games and remained two games behind Boston in the AL wild-card race . Hughes ( 9 - 6 ) gave up two runs and six hits in eight innings , striking out eight and walking one . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth for his 18th save in 19 chances . Gavin Floyd ( 6 - 8 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out three . The White Sox had a chance to take the lead in the first when Alejandro De Aza doubled and scored on Kevin Youkilis ' single . Alex Rios drove in Youkilis with a single . Raul Ibanez led off the second with a single and Chavez drove a 2 - 2 pitch into the Yankees ' bullpen in right-center . Cano 's two - run shot in the third off Gavin Floyd ( 6 - 8 ) gave New York a 4 - 2 lead . Cano 's homer was his first since June 26 . Cano 's two - run shot in the third off Gavin Floyd ( 6 - 8 ) gave New York a 4 - 2 lead . The Yankees loaded the bases with no outs in the first on singles by Jeter and Granderson and a walk to Mark Teixeira . Floyd struck out Nick Swisher to end the inning .
SAN DIEGO -- Kris Medlen is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Medlen struck out nine in eight dominant innings and the Atlanta Braves beat the San Diego Padres 2 - 0 on Wednesday night . Medlen ( 6 - 1 ) allowed five hits , walked none and lowered his ERA to 1.71 . Craig Kimbrel struck out the side in the ninth for his 32nd save in 34 chances . Dan Uggla hit a leadoff homer in the fifth off Andrew Werner ( 1 - 1 ) to give the Braves a 2 - 0 lead . Werner allowed two runs and four hits in six innings , struck out seven and walked none . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Martin Prado singled , stole third and scored on Chipper Jones ' two - out double . The Padres were shut out for the third time this season . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Martin Prado singled with one out and scored on Jones ' two - out double . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the third , but Medlen struck out Jason Heyward and got Chipper Jones to ground into a fielder 's choice to end the inning . Uggla led off the fifth with a homer to left , his fourth . Pinch-hitter Alexi Amarista singled leading off the sixth and was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . He was thrown out trying to stretch a single into a double .
PHILADELPHIA -- Ryan Howard 's first grand slam was a big one . Howard hit a go-ahead , two - run homer in the 10th inning and the New York Mets beat the Philadelphia Phillies 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Howard is hitting .244 with four homers and 11 RBIs in his last 10 games . B. J. Rosenberg ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs and four hits in one inning . Bobby Parnell ( 4 - 3 ) tossed two scoreless innings to earn the win . B. J. Rosenberg ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss . Rosenberg ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs and four hits in one inning . Bobby Parnell ( 4 - 3 ) tossed two scoreless innings to earn the win . Ryan Howard gave the Phillies a 4 - 1 lead in the first with a grand slam off Chris Young . Chase Utley hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . David Wright drew a leadoff walk in the eighth and scored on Kelly Shoppach 's two - out double off Antonio Bastardo to tie it at 5 . Mets starter Chris Young gave up five runs and four hits in 4 1/3 innings . Phillies starter Vance Worley gave up four runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Wright 's RBI single . Jimmy Rollins drew a leadoff walk in the bottom of the first and Kevin Frandsen was hit by a pitch . Chase Utley then walked to load the bases . Howard then ripped a 1 - 2 pitch into the seats in right for a 4 - 1 lead . Baxter 's two - run shot cut it to 4 - 3 in the fourth . Tejada doubled to lead off the fifth and scored on Wright 's sacrifice fly to tie it at 4 .
BOSTON -- Daisuke Matsuzaka 's first win of the season was a memorable one . Matsuzaka pitched seven strong innings for his first win of the season , and the Boston Red Sox beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 1 on Wednesday night . Matsuzaka ( 1 - 3 ) gave up an unearned run and five hits , striking out six and walking two . Cody Ross hit a two - run single in the third off Luke Hochevar ( 7 - 12 ) , who gave up five runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in eight innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Red Sox added a run in the sixth when Jacoby Ellsbury doubled and scored on Ross ' double . James Loney added an RBI single to make it 5 - 1 . Hochevar , who had won his last three starts , gave up five runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in eight innings . He walked one and struck out six . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jarrod Dyson drew a leadoff walk , stole second and went to third on a throwing error by second baseman Dustin Pedroia . Dyson scored on Alex Gordon 's sacrifice fly . Ellsbury 's homer tied it in the bottom of the first . The Red Sox took a 3 - 1 lead in the third when Scott Podsednik singled , took second on Dustin Pedroia 's single and scored on Ross ' single . The Royals loaded the bases with one out in the sixth on a double by Alex Gordon , a walk to Billy Butler and a walk to Billy Butler . Matsuzaka then struck out Mike Moustakas to end the inning . The Red Sox made it 5 - 1 in the sixth when Jacoby Ellsbury doubled and scored on Ross ' double . James Loney 's RBI single made it 5 - 1 . Gordon and Butler hit consecutive singles off Clayton Mortensen in the eighth , but Vicente Padilla got Perez to ground into a double play .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The last time Felix Hernandez was on the mound , he did n't have his best stuff . Hernandez pitched a five - hitter for his fourth complete game of the season and the Seattle Mariners beat the Minnesota Twins 1 - 0 on Friday night . Hernandez ( 13 - 5 ) struck out five and walked one in his fourth complete game of the season and second shutout of his career . He threw 100 pitches and lowered his ERA to 2.43 . Hernandez did n't allow a hit until Josh Willingham 's one - out single in the ninth . Eric Thames led off the eighth with a home run off Liam Hendriks ( 0 - 7 ) to break a scoreless tie . Hernandez did n't allow a hit until Josh Willingham 's one - out single in the ninth . Liam Hendriks ( 0 - 7 ) gave up one run on three hits with six strikeouts and three walks in his second career complete game . The Twins have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Twins did n't get a runner past first base until Justin Morneau led off the seventh with a triple into the right-field corner . Trevor Plouffe then grounded out to second base to end the inning . The Twins did n't get a runner past first base until Justin Morneau led off the seventh with a triple into the right-field corner . But Ryan Doumit grounded out to second and Trevor Plouffe grounded out to second . The Twins have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners have won six of their last seven games , including three of their last four games .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- Mark Buehrle was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Buehrle pitched into the seventh inning , and the Miami Marlins beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 6 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Buehrle ( 12 - 11 ) gave up one run and six hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out four and walked three . The left-hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in his last four starts . The Dodgers loaded the bases with one out in the eighth against Heath Bell on a single by Mark Ellis and a single by Shane Victorino . Bell then walked Matt Kemp on a 3 - 2 pitch to load the bases before Adrian Gonzalez flied out to end the inning . Jose Reyes and Carlos Lee hit consecutive homers in the ninth for the Marlins , who have won four of five . Cishek walked Hanley Ramirez to lead off the ninth , then hit pinch-hitter Adam Kennedy with a pitch before Mark Ellis lined out to second to end the game . Aaron Harang ( 9 - 8 ) gave up three runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out four and walked one . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Adrian Gonzalez 's RBI single after Nick Punto walked and Matt Kemp singled . Stanton tied it in the fourth with his 17th homer , driving the first pitch from Harang into the lower seats in the left-field corner . The Marlins extended their lead to 3 - 1 in the fifth when Donovan Solano led off with a single and scored on Brantly 's homer . The Dodgers extended their lead to 3 - 2 in the seventh on Andre Ethier 's RBI single off Mike Dunn . The Marlins extended their lead to 4 - 2 in the eighth when Greg Dobbs doubled off Ronald Belisario and scored on Ramirez 's throwing error on Bryan Petersen 's bases-loaded grounder .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- The Baltimore Orioles found a way to win . J. J. Hardy hit a tiebreaking two - run homer in the sixth inning and the Orioles beat the Toronto Blue Jays 8 - 2 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . The Orioles have won six of their last seven games . Steve Johnson ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings , striking out seven and walking two . Brandon Morrow ( 7 - 5 ) gave up four runs , two earned , and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Orioles took a 4 - 2 lead in the fifth when Jones hit a two - run single off Aaron Loup after Nick Markakis and J. J. Hardy doubled . Hardy hit a two - run drive in the sixth off Chad Jenkins , and Matt Wieters added an RBI single later in the inning to make it 7 - 2 . Toronto made it 8 - 2 in the bottom half . Reynolds led off with a single and Jose Bautista drew a two - out walk before Encarnacion hit a 2 - 2 pitch into the left-field seats . The Orioles went up 2 - 0 in the third on a single by Markakis , a single by Mike McCoy and a two - out walk to Jose Bautista . The Orioles tied it in the bottom half when Markakis singled , took second on a single by J. J. Hardy and scored when Escobar misplayed Adam Jones ' grounder . Matt Wieters followed with a sacrifice fly . Baltimore went up 4 - 2 in the fifth when Markakis singled , took third on a double by Hardy and scored on a single by Jones .
CLEVELAND -- Michael Brantley is making a habit of staying positive . Brantley hit a three - run homer to help the Cleveland Indians beat the New York Yankees 3 - 1 on Wednesday night . Brantley 's homer in the first inning off Hiroki Kuroda ( 12 - 9 ) gave the Indians a 3 - 0 lead . Brantley is hitting .292 with three homers and seven RBIs in his last seven games . Justin Masterson ( 10 - 11 ) allowed one run and seven hits over 6 2/3 innings to win his third straight start . The right-hander struck out six and walked two . Chris Perez pitched a perfect ninth for his 33rd save in 35 chances . Hiroki Kuroda ( 12 - 9 ) gave up three runs and four hits over eight innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Yankees have lost four of five . Kuroda hit Jason Kipnis with a pitch to open the first and then walked Shin-Soo Choo before striking out Carlos Santana . Kuroda then struck out Carlos Santana , but Brantley drove a first-pitch fastball into the seats in right for his 12th homer . Derek Jeter led off the sixth with a single and Nick Swisher walked before Robinson Cano singled to load the bases . Mark Teixeira hit a sacrifice fly and Curtis Granderson walked to load the bases . Vinnie Pestano came on and got Mark Teixeira to pop out to first to end the inning . Derek Jeter singled with two outs in the seventh for New York 's first hit and Nick Swisher singled with two outs . Vinnie Pestano came on and walked Robinson Cano to load the bases before getting Mark Teixeira to pop out .
PHOENIX -- The San Diego Padres ' playoff hopes are n't going to happen . Chase Headley homered and drove in two runs , Chase Headley homered for the second straight game and the Padres beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 9 - 3 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . San Diego , which had lost four of its previous five games , stayed 1 1/2 games ahead of San Francisco in the NL West . Clayton Richard ( 11 - 12 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in eight innings to win his third straight start . Ian Kennedy ( 11 - 11 ) gave up six runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked four . Headley put the Padres up 1 - 0 with a two - out homer in the first inning . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 1 lead on Justin Upton 's two - run homer in the second . The Padres tied it at 2 in the fifth on Alonso 's homer . The Padres broke it open with three runs in the sixth . Everth Cabrera walked , took second on Will Venable 's sacrifice bunt and scored on Chase Headley 's sacrifice fly . Carlos Quentin and Yasmani Grandal singled and Yonder Alonso walked to load the bases . Brad Ziegler came in and walked Cameron Maybin to force in a run , then walked Cameron Maybin to force in a run . Alexi Amarista 's sacrifice fly made it 9 - 2 . D-backs shortstop Jake Elmore left the game in the eighth inning after being hit in the head by a pitch from Richard . X-rays were negative and Elmore is day-to-day .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Ian Kinsler and the rest of the Texas Rangers ' lineup is starting to come alive . Kinsler had three hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in four runs to lead the Rangers to a 9 - 3 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Friday night . Kinsler , who had a career-high four RBIs , had three hits and drove in four runs . The Rangers won for the seventh time in nine games and moved within a half-game of first-place Boston in the AL West . Ryan Dempster ( 8 - 6 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Brian Duensing ( 3 - 9 ) gave up nine runs and 10 hits in 2 1/3 innings . The Twins have lost five of their last six games . Kinsler led off the bottom of the first with his ninth homer , and Nelson Cruz had an RBI double for a 2 - 0 lead . Moreland 's homer made it 5 - 0 in the second . The Rangers stretched their lead to 9 - 0 in the third . Nelson Cruz doubled and scored on Soto 's single to make it 6 - 0 . Craig Gentry walked to load the bases before Kinsler 's bases-clearing triple made it 9 - 0 . Justin Morneau had four hits , including a solo homer in the fourth , and Joe Mauer had an RBI double for the Twins , who have lost four of five . The Twins got a run back in the fifth when Jamey Carroll led off with a double and scored on Pedro Florimon 's single . Denard Span followed with a single , but Dempster struck out Joe Mauer and Josh Willingham to end the inning .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- Andre Ethier has been on a tear since coming off the disabled list on July 31 . Ethier had four hits , including a homer , and drove in four runs , leading the Los Angeles Dodgers to an 11 - 4 victory over the Miami Marlins on Friday night . Ethier , who leads the majors with a .284 average , went 4 - for - 4 with four RBIs and scored three times . Hanley Ramirez hit a two - run homer and Juan Rivera also went deep for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Jamey Wright ( 5 - 3 ) gave up one run and three hits in 1 2/3 innings for the win . Nathan Eovaldi ( 4 - 9 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in three innings , struck out three and walked two . Jose Reyes hit a two - run homer in the first inning for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Ethier gave the Dodgers a 3 - 2 lead in the first with his 18th homer after Mark Ellis walked and Matt Kemp singled . Rivera made it 4 - 3 in the second when he led off the inning with a drive into the lower seats in the left field corner . It was his 10th homer of the season and second in two games . Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the third to make it 6 - 3 , but the Dodgers increased their lead to 6 - 3 in the bottom half . Carlos Lee singled with two outs and scored on a two - out homer by Stanton that cut the Dodgers ' lead to 6 - 4 . The Dodgers extended their lead to 11 - 4 in the seventh on an RBI single by Kemp , Andre Ethier 's RBI single and Andre Ethier 's RBI single off Ryan Webb .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Adam Wainwright had a lot to do with it . Wainwright struck out 12 in a five - hitter and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Houston Astros 7 - 0 on Wednesday night . Skip Schumaker hit a two - run single in a four - run first against Lucas Harrell ( 10 - 9 ) , and Skip Schumaker had a two - run single in the Cardinals ' four - run first . Wainwright ( 12 - 10 ) struck out 12 in his second shutout of the season . He threw 105 pitches , 71 for strikes . Wainwright was working on a shutout before Justin Maxwell and Jason Castro singled with two outs in the ninth . Wainwright struck out Ben Francisco to end the game . Jon Jay had three hits and an RBI for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Skip Schumaker had a two - run single in a four - run first inning . Allen Craig walked and scored on Yadier Molina 's single in the third . Lucas Harrell ( 10 - 9 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . He struck out three and walked three . The Cardinals made it 7 - 0 in the sixth on Jon Jay 's RBI single off C. J. Fick , who was making his major league debut . Rafael Furcal led off the sixth with a double off C. J. Fick and scored on Jay 's single to make it 7 - 0 . Fick walked Carpenter and Allen Craig to load the bases before Rhiner Cruz retired David Freese on a grounder to end the inning . The Astros did n't get a runner past first base until the eighth , when Jose Altuve grounded out with two on to end the inning . Justin Maxwell and Jason Castro hit consecutive two - out singles in the ninth for Houston , but Ben Francisco struck out .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- Tim Lincecum was n't going to let the game get away . Lincecum won for the first time in more than a month and the San Francisco Giants beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 4 - 1 on Wednesday night . Lincecum ( 7 - 13 ) gave up one run and five hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out four and walked one . The two - time NL Cy Young Award winner is 2 - 0 with a 0.38 ERA in his last four starts . Lincecum was lifted after walking A. J. Ellis leading off the sixth and giving up a single to Juan Rivera that loaded the bases with one out . Lincecum then gave up a single to Adam Kennedy and a sacrifice fly to Matt Kemp before striking out Andre Ethier to end the inning . Javier Lopez got Andre Ethier to ground into a game-ending double play for his third save . Joe Blanton ( 8 - 12 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out six and walked two . The Dodgers have lost four of their last five . Buster Posey hit a two - run single in the first inning for the Giants , who have won four of five . The Giants extended their lead to 4 - 0 in the fourth on Crawford 's RBI single and Angel Pagan 's RBI double . The Dodgers scored their first run in the sixth on Matt Kemp 's sacrifice fly after Juan Rivera singled and Adam Kennedy singled to load the bases with one out . Jose Mijares came on and got Andre Ethier on a called third strike to end the inning . The Dodgers have lost five of their last six games . The Dodgers ' best scoring chance came in the fifth , when Hanley Ramirez doubled with one out and moved to third on James Loney 's groundout . But Luis Cruz grounded out to end the inning .
SEATTLE -- Michael Saunders is making the most of his opportunity . Saunders hit his first home run of the season and the Seattle Mariners beat the Minnesota Twins 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Saunders hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning off Jeff Gray and Michael Saunders added a two - run shot in the seventh to help the Mariners win for the seventh time in eight games . Saunders , who had been 0 - for - 5 in his first two major league games , hit his first home run of the season . Saunders hit a two - run homer off Jeff Gray in the seventh to give Seattle a 4 - 1 lead . Beavan ( 8 - 7 ) gave up one run and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out three . Josh Kinney pitched 2 1/3 innings of hitless relief for his first save . Samuel Deduno ( 4 - 1 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He walked six and struck out two . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Josh Willingham led off with a double and scored on Trevor Plouffe 's sacrifice fly . The Mariners loaded the bases with no outs in the third on a walk to Dustin Ackley , a single by Michael Saunders and a walk to Kyle Seager . Jaso walked to force in a run , and Saunders scored when Jesus Montero grounded into a double play . The Twins loaded the bases with one out in the sixth on singles by Justin Morneau and Ryan Doumit and a walk to Plouffe . Carter Capps came in and struck out Carson , but Capps got Pedro Florimon to fly out to center to end the threat . The Twins loaded the bases with one out in the sixth on singles by Justin Morneau and Ryan Doumit and a walk to Trevor Plouffe . Carter Capps came on and struck out Carson and got Pedro Florimon to fly out to right .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Tampa Bay Rays manager Joe Maddon is n't worried about his team 's recent success . Carlos Pena hit a tiebreaking two - run double in the ninth inning , and the Rays beat the Los Angeles Angels 8 - 3 on Wednesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Rays , who have won six of their last eight games , increased their lead in the AL wild-card race to 1 1/2 games over Boston , which lost to Boston . Matt Moore ( 10 - 7 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings , struck out five and walked two . Zack Greinke ( 10 - 5 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in six - plus innings , striking out eight and walking four . The Angels have lost five of their last six games . The Rays loaded the bases with one out in the second on a single by Ryan Roberts , a single by Sean Rodriguez and a walk to Jose Molina . Greinke then hit Johnson with a pitch to force in a run , and Matt Joyce 's two - run single made it 4 - 0 . Trout led off the fourth with his 21st homer , but the Angels did n't get another runner past first base until the fourth , when Trout homered to left-center on a 1 - 1 pitch . Roberts made it 6 - 1 in the fifth with a two - run homer off Greinke , who gave up six runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out eight and walked four . Pujols hit his 21st homer of the season in the sixth , and Torii Hunter extended his hitting streak to 12 games with a single in the ninth for the Angels , who have lost five of six . Jerome Williams replaced Downs and gave up a double to Melvin Upton Jr. and a walk to Evan Longoria and an RBI single to Erick Aybar that made it 8 - 2 . The Angels added a run in the ninth on Erick Aybar 's RBI single .
WASHINGTON -- Bryce Harper is making a strong case to stay in the majors . Harper homered and drove in two runs to lead the Washington Nationals to a 5 - 2 victory over the New York Mets on Friday night . Bryce Harper also homered for the NL East leaders , who have won six of their last seven games . The Nationals have won six of their last seven games . Gonzalez ( 16 - 6 ) allowed one run and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Tyler Clippard worked the ninth for his 27th save in 31 chances . Jeremy Hefner ( 2 - 5 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . Espinosa 's two - run homer in the second inning gave Washington a 2 - 0 lead . The Nationals added two runs in the third . Jayson Werth led off with a single and scored on Harper 's triple into the right-field corner . Ryan Zimmerman followed with an RBI single to make it 4 - 0 . Harper led off the fifth with a homer to left , his 16th of the season and second in two games . Harper led off the bottom of the fifth with a shot to left , his 16th of the season . The Mets got one back in the eighth when Ronny Cedeno doubled and scored on Kelly Shoppach 's single off Michael Gonzalez .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- The Philadelphia Phillies are on their longest winning streak of the season . Domonic Brown drove in four runs , Domonic Brown drove in four runs and the Phillies beat the Milwaukee Brewers 8 - 0 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . The NL East-leading Phillies won for the fifth time in six games and moved two games over .500 for the first time this season . Kyle Kendrick ( 6 - 9 ) gave up three hits in eight innings , striking out seven and walking one . The Brewers loaded the bases with one out in the ninth , but Michael Schwimer struck out Carlos Gomez and Cody Ransom to end the game . Randy Wolf ( 3 - 10 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . Martinez hit a two - run homer in the second inning to give the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead . It was his fourth of the season and second in as many days . Brown added a three - run double in the third to make it 5 - 0 . Brown hit a three - run double in the third to make it 5 - 0 . Brian Schneider 's two - run double off Mike McClendon in the eighth made it 7 - 0 . The Phillies added a run in the ninth off John Axford . Mayberry singled with one out , moved to second on a wild pitch and scored on Brown 's single to make it 8 - 0 .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- Cole Hamels did n't have his best stuff . The right-hander struck out 10 in 7 2/3 innings and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Milwaukee Brewers 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Hamels ( 14 - 6 ) gave up three runs and eight hits , improving to 5 - 0 in his last seven starts . The Phillies have won four of their last five , including the first two of this four - game series , and have won four of their last five overall . Hamels has allowed three runs or fewer in six of his last seven starts . Ryan Braun hit a two - run homer in the eighth for Philadelphia , but Jonathan Papelbon got the final four outs for his 27th save in 31 chances . Jonathan Papelbon struck out the side in the ninth for his 27th save in 31 chances . Mike Fiers ( 6 - 6 ) gave up four runs and five hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out five . John Mayberry Jr. hit a two - run homer in the second , and Erik Kratz added a solo shot for the Phillies , who have won four of five . The Phillies extended their lead to 4 - 1 in the third . Chase Utley led off with a single and scored on Howard 's double to make it 4 - 1 . The Phillies added a run in the third when Chase Utley led off with a single and scored on Howard 's double . Howard doubled with one out in the fifth , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . The Brewers cut it to 4 - 3 in the eighth on Ryan Braun 's two - run homer off Hamels .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Tampa Bay Rays are on their longest winning streak in nearly a month . Carlos Pena hit a go-ahead , two - run homer in the eighth inning and the Rays beat the Los Angeles Angels 10 - 8 on Wednesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Rays , who have won six of their last eight games , increased their lead in the AL wild-card race to 2 1/2 games over Boston . Ben Zobrist hit a three - run double during Tampa Bay 's five - run fifth inning , and Evan Longoria capped it with a two - run homer off Jason Isringhausen . Jeff Keppinger led off the eighth with a single against Kevin Jepsen ( 2 - 2 ) and Pena followed with his 21st homer of the season . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 38th save in 41 chances . Tampa Bay 's Alex Cobb gave up eight runs and 12 hits in 2 2/3 innings , struck out one and walked none . The right-hander is 0 - 3 with a 9.91 ERA in his last four starts . The Angels took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a leadoff homer by Trout , a single by Torii Hunter and a single by Albert Pujols . Kendrys Morales and Mark Trumbo followed with RBI singles . The Angels increased their margin to 7 - 0 in the second after Erick Aybar led off with a single , stole second and scored on Mike Trout 's single . Torii Hunter added an RBI double and Pujols followed with a two - run homer . The Angels increased their margin to 8 - 0 in the third on a two - out RBI single by Mike Trout , who had three hits . The Rays scored four runs in the fifth off Angels starter C. J. Wilson , who was charged with seven runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . Ryan Roberts doubled off Jason Isringhausen with one out in the sixth and scored on Lobaton 's sacrifice fly .
ATLANTA -- Kris Medlen was n't going to let the game get away . Medlen pitched a five - hitter for his first career complete game and the Atlanta Braves beat the San Diego Padres 6 - 0 on Friday night . Medlen ( 4 - 1 ) gave up five hits and no walks in his second complete game of the season . He struck out six , walked none and lowered his ERA to 2.03 . Jones ' homer in the first inning off Jason Marquis ( 8 - 11 ) drove in Michael Bourn , who led off with a double . Heyward and Jones hit back-to-back homers in the fifth , and Paul Janish added a two - run single off Brad Boxberger . Jason Marquis ( 8 - 11 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out four . Jones ' homer gave Atlanta a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Michael Bourn led off with a double , moved to second on Martin Prado 's flyout and scored on Jones ' 20th homer . Jones ' second homer gave the Braves a 2 - 0 lead . Heyward and Jones hit back-to-back homers in the fifth , and Paul Janish added a two - run single off Brad Boxberger . San Diego 's Chase Headley singled with two outs in the sixth , but Medlen retired Carlos Quentin on a popup to end the inning . The Padres had runners on first and second with two outs in the eighth , but pinch-hitter Alexi Amarista grounded out and Everth Cabrera grounded out to end the inning . The Padres threatened in the ninth when Logan Forsythe singled with two outs , but Medlen got Everth Cabrera to ground out to end the inning . The Padres threatened in the ninth , putting runners on first and second with one out . But Medlen retired pinch-hitter Alexi Amarista and Yonder Alonso to end the inning . The Padres threatened in the ninth when Logan Forsythe singled with two outs , but Medlen retired the next two batters to end the inning . The Padres threatened in the ninth , putting runners on first and second with one out . But Medlen retired pinch-hitter Alexi Amarista and Yonder Alonso on groundouts to end the game . The Padres had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth , but Medlen retired pinch hitter Alexi Amarista and Yonder Alonso to end the inning . The Padres threatened in the ninth when Logan Forsythe singled with two outs , but Medlen retired the next two batters to end the inning . San Diego 's Yonder Alonso hit a two - out single in the ninth .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- Corey Hart had no idea what to expect . Hart hit a tiebreaking grand slam in the eighth inning to lift the Milwaukee Brewers to a 7 - 4 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Wednesday night . Cliff Lee struck out 12 in 7 2/3 innings , giving up four runs , three earned , and five hits . He walked none and struck out one . Hart 's homer off Josh Lindblom ( 2 - 3 ) gave the Brewers a 7 - 4 lead in the eighth . It was Hart 's fourth career grand slam and second this season . Hart said he was n't trying to hit the ball out of the park . Livan Hernandez ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . The Phillies loaded the bases with one out in the ninth against Manny Parra on a single by Ryan Howard and a single by Domonic Brown . Jim Henderson came on and struck out pinch-hitter Ty Wigginton and got Erik Kratz to ground out for his third save in four chances . The Phillies have lost five of six . Braun and Ramirez hit back-to-back homers in the first for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . The Phillies scored an unearned run in the third on a single by Jimmy Rollins , who stole second and third and scored on Jean Segura 's throwing error . The Phillies regained the lead in the fifth on a two - out , two - run double by Frandsen . Estrada gave up four runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out one .
SEATTLE -- Felix Hernandez was dominant in his first career complete game . Hernandez struck out a career-high 12 in his second no-hitter of the season , leading the Seattle Mariners to a 1 - 0 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Wednesday night . Hernandez ( 11 - 5 ) retired pinch-hitter Desmond Jennings on a grounder to start the ninth and retired pinch hitter Jeff Keppinger on a grounder to shortstop before striking out pinch hitter Desmond Jennings and Sean Rodriguez . Hernandez ( 11 - 5 ) struck out a season-high 12 , walked none and allowed only one runner to reach second base . He threw 77 of his 113 pitches for strikes and lowered his ERA to 2.60 . Hernandez struck out Desmond Jennings to start the ninth and retired pinch hitter Jeff Keppinger on a grounder to shortstop . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Brendan Ryan led off with a single and advanced to third on a wild pitch by Jeremy Hellickson ( 7 - 8 ) . Ryan scored on Jesus Montero 's single to center . Hellickson gave up five hits , struck out one and walked one in seven innings . The Rays have been shut out in consecutive games for the first time this season . The Mariners have won six of their last seven games . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Brendan Ryan led off with a single , advanced on a wild pitch and scored on Jesus Montero 's two - out single to center . Hernandez struck out Evan Longoria to start the eighth , then struck out Ben Zobrist and Carlos Pena to end the inning . Hernandez struck out Ben Zobrist and Carlos Pena to end the eighth .
DENVER ( AP ) -- The Colorado Rockies ' offense finally came through . Tyler Colvin hit a two - run double in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the Rockies to a 7 - 6 win over the Milwaukee Brewers on Friday night . The Rockies won for the 10th time in 12 games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . Nyjer Morgan had two hits , including a two - run double in the seventh that gave the Brewers a 6 - 5 lead . Wilin Rosario singled with one out in the ninth off Brewers reliever Jim Henderson ( 0 - 2 ) and went to third on Eric Young Jr. 's single to right . Colvin then lined a double to right to score Rosario . Will Harris ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two perfect innings for his first major league win . Milwaukee starter Mark Rogers gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings . Brewers starter Mark Rogers gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Rockies took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on RBI singles by Ramon Hernandez and Ramon Hernandez and a two - run single by Chris Nelson . Eric Young Jr. added a solo homer in the second to make it 4 - 0 . The Brewers scored three times in the fifth to take a 5 - 4 lead . Carlos Gomez walked and scored on Rickie Weeks Jr. 's double down the right-field line . Aramis Ramirez singled and Jonathan Lucroy was hit by a pitch to load the bases before Carlos Torres came in and gave up a two - run single to Nyjer Morgan . Jean Segura 's sacrifice fly made it 5 - 4 . The Rockies tied it in the bottom of the sixth on Chris Nelson 's two - out RBI single that tied it at 5 .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins are starting to look like a team that has n't been in first place since the All-Star break . Darin Mastroianni homered and drove in three runs , and the Twins beat the Detroit Tigers 9 - 3 on Friday night for their fourth straight victory . The Twins have won six of their last seven games , including three straight at home against the White Sox . Darin Mastroianni homered and drove in three runs , Jamey Carroll had three hits and Darin Mastroianni had a two - run homer among his three hits for the Twins , who took two of three from the AL Central-leading Tigers . Joe Mauer had three hits and scored twice for the Twins , who have won six of their last seven games . Samuel Deduno ( 4 - 0 ) gave up three runs on five hits with five walks and six strikeouts in seven innings . Anibal Sanchez ( 6 - 10 ) gave up five runs and 12 hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Tigers , who have lost five of their last six games . The Tigers have lost five of their last six games . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out single by Joe Mauer , a single by Josh Willingham and an RBI single by Morneau . The Tigers tied it in the fifth when Brennan Boesch led off with a walk and scored on Jhonny Peralta 's double . Omar Infante followed with a single to put runners at the corners , but Deduno struck out Austin Jackson and got Andy Dirks to line into a double play to end the inning . Doumit led off the sixth with a single and went to second on a wild pitch before Jamey Carroll 's single put runners on first and third with one out . Robertson replaced Deduno and gave up an RBI single to Miguel Cabrera that made it 8 - 2 . After Prince Fielder lined out , Delmon Young hit an RBI single to make it 8 - 3 .
BALTIMORE -- Manny Machado has been on a tear since coming off the disabled list . The Baltimore Orioles third baseman is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Machado hit a two - run homer in his return to the lineup , and the Orioles beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 3 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Machado gave the Orioles a 2 - 0 lead in the second inning when he connected on a 2 - 2 pitch from Bruce Chen ( 8 - 10 ) , who gave up four runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . It was Machado 's first home run since June 25 , when he was with the New York Yankees . Machado put the Orioles up 2 - 0 in the second inning with a drive into the left-field seats . It was his eighth homer of the season and second in two games . The Royals tied it in the fourth on a solo homer by Mike Moustakas and a sacrifice fly by Brayan Pena . Markakis tied it in the fifth with a drive to right , his second homer in two games . The Orioles went up 4 - 3 in the sixth when Adam Jones walked , took second on a walk and scored on Reynolds ' single off Louis Coleman . The Orioles added a run in the eighth when Nate McLouth scored on a passed ball by Pena . Jim Johnson worked a perfect ninth for his 34th save . Chen ( 8 - 10 ) gave up four runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three .
HOUSTON ( AP ) -- The Houston Astros have n't had a winning season so far this season . Brian Bogusevic singled home the winning run in the ninth inning to give the Astros a 4 - 3 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Wednesday night . The Astros won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to a season-high 10 games over .500 . Carlos Corporan led off the eighth with a home run off Francisco Rodriguez to cut Houston 's lead to 3 - 2 . Brett Wallace drew a leadoff walk in the ninth and advanced to third on a wild pitch by John Axford ( 4 - 7 ) . Pearce followed with a single to right field to tie it . Pearce advanced to third on Scott Moore 's flyout to center and scored on Brian Bogusevic 's single to left . Wilton Lopez ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Milwaukee starter Mark Rogers allowed three hits and one run in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Nyjer Morgan reached on an error by center fielder Carlos Gomez and scored on a double by Ryan Braun . Weeks Jr. and Jonathan Lucroy led off the second with consecutive doubles to put the Brewers up 1 - 0 . Scott Moore singled with one out in the fifth before Brian Bogusevic singled with one out . Moore scored on a single by Carlos Corporan to cut the lead to 2 - 1 . Rickie Weeks Jr. doubled to lead off the seventh and scored on a single by Jean Segura to push the lead to 3 - 1 . Carlos Corporan hit a solo homer in the eighth off Francisco Rodriguez .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Tyler Chatwood was n't sure if he 'd be done after throwing only 71 pitches in five innings . Chatwood pitched out of a bases-loaded , one - out jam in the seventh inning and the Colorado Rockies beat the San Francisco Giants 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Chatwood ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three hits , struck out two and walked two in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained left oblique . He was activated from the disabled list before the game . Rafael Betancourt pitched the ninth for his 20th save in 23 chances . Tim Lincecum ( 6 - 12 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Giants lost for the fourth time in five games and fell a season-high nine games below .500 . Lincecum has been one of the few bright spots for the defending World Series champions , who have lost five of six . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Dexter Fowler 's RBI single . Rosario doubled with one out in the fourth and scored on Colvin 's single to make it 2 - 0 . The Rockies added a run in the seventh on a single by Tyler Colvin and a sacrifice fly by Chris Nelson . The Giants did n't get another baserunner until Melky Cabrera reached on a two - out error by third baseman Chris Nelson in the sixth . The Giants loaded the bases with one out in the seventh , but Adam Ottavino struck out Brandon Crawford and got Buster Posey to fly out .
ARLINGTON , Prince Fielder is starting to feel comfortable at the plate . Fielder hit a three - run homer and the Detroit Tigers beat the Texas Rangers 6 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Fielder 's homer came after Andy Dirks singled with two outs in the sixth and Miguel Cabrera reached on an infield single . Robbie Ross relieved and gave up a three - run shot to Fielder . Fielder 's homer was his 23rd of the season and second in two games . Delmon Young added an RBI double in the sixth for the Tigers , who have won six of their last seven games . Fielder 's homer was his 23rd of the season and second in two games . Scherzer ( 11 - 6 ) struck out eight and allowed two runs and eight hits over six innings . Scott Feldman ( 6 - 7 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . The right-hander struck out two and walked one . The Rangers , who have lost five of their last six games , have scored two runs or less in six of their last seven games . Josh Hamilton 's homer in the first was the only hit allowed by Scherzer , who gave up two runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Ian Kinsler led off the Texas third with a double and scored on Elvis Andrus ' single to make it 2 - 0 . Jackson led off the fourth with a triple and scored on Miguel Cabrera 's single .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- Matt Wieters had a big night at the plate . Wieters tied a career high with five RBIs and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Seattle Mariners 9 - 2 on Wednesday night . Mark Reynolds and Nick Markakis also homered for the Orioles , who took two of three from the Mariners . Matt Wieters drove in five runs , including a two - run double in the seventh that gave the Orioles a 9 - 2 lead . Steve Johnson ( 1 - 0 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings , striking out nine and walking two . Kevin Millwood ( 4 - 10 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . The Orioles went up 2 - 0 in the first inning when J. J. Hardy singled and scored on a two - out double by Wieters . The Orioles made it 4 - 0 in the third . Markakis tripled and scored on a single by Hardy , who went to third on a double by Adam Jones . Markakis hit a two - run drive in the fourth to make it 7 - 0 . Kyle Seager hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Wieters hit a two - run double off Josh Kinney in the seventh to make it 9 - 2 . The Mariners loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth against Miguel Socolovich , but Trayvon Robinson flied out to end the threat .
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) -- Jered Weaver is making a strong bid for his first major league complete game . Weaver pitched a four - hitter for his second shutout of the season and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Oakland Athletics 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Weaver ( 15 - 1 ) struck out nine and did n't walk a batter in his 15th career complete game and second shutout . He retired Josh Reddick on a liner to center with the potential tying run on second in the ninth inning . Weaver has been one of the few bright spots for the AL West leaders , who won for the fourth time in five games following a five - game losing streak . Weaver retired Josh Reddick on a line drive to right field with the potential tying run at second base in the ninth . Jarrod Parker ( 7 - 6 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings , striking out six and walking one . Pat Neshek came on with runners on first and second and two outs in the seventh and retired Albert Pujols on a fly ball . Parker allowed four runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Erick Aybar , who had three hits , singled with one out in the seventh and scored on Hunter 's two - out single to make it 4 - 0 . Kendrys Morales led off the second with a double and scored on Aybar 's two - out single . Chris Iannetta singled and scored on Trout 's single to make it 2 - 0 . Angels manager Mike Scioscia was impressed with Weaver 's performance . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Aybar 's RBI single and Trout 's run-scoring single . The A 's lost for only the second time in their last eight games .
DETROIT -- Justin Verlander was n't about to let the game get away from him . Verlander struck out a career-high 14 in eight innings , and the Detroit Tigers beat the New York Yankees 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Derek Jeter had two hits , including an RBI single in the fifth , and Robinson Cano added an RBI single for the Yankees . Verlander ( 12 - 7 ) allowed two unearned runs and nine hits . He walked one and struck out a season-high 14 . The Yankees have lost four of five . Ivan Nova ( 10 - 6 ) gave up seven runs and 11 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five without a walk . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth on Omar Infante 's RBI single , Austin Jackson 's RBI single and Andy Dirks ' sacrifice fly later in the inning . The Tigers added a run in the sixth on Alex Avila 's RBI single and Jhonny Peralta 's RBI single off Joba Chamberlain . Fielder led off the bottom of the second with a homer to left , his 12th of the season and second in as many games . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on Andy Dirks ' sacrifice fly , but Cabrera 's homer in the bottom of the inning made it 2 - 0 . Eric Chavez led off the bottom of the fifth with a double and took third on a two - out error by Verlander at first base . Derek Jeter followed with an RBI single , and Robinson Cano tied it with a single to right .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox are going to make a run at the playoffs . Gordon Beckham and Kevin Youkilis hit consecutive RBI doubles in the eighth inning , and the White Sox beat the Kansas City Royals 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . The White Sox won for the seventh time in nine games . Sale ( 13 - 3 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in eight innings . He struck out seven without a walk . The Royals had runners on first and third with no outs in the eighth but failed to score . Addison Reed got Eric Hosmer to ground into a game-ending double play for his 20th save in 23 chances . Luis Mendoza ( 5 - 8 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Alex Rios tripled and scored on A. J. Pierzynski 's double . The Royals tied it in the fifth on Jeff Francoeur 's two - out homer to right . Butler led off the seventh with a homer to left , his fourth of the season and second in two games . Butler 's homer leading off the seventh put the Royals ahead 2 - 1 . Konerko tied it at 2 with a leadoff homer in the seventh off Luis Mendoza ( 5 - 8 ) .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- A. J. Pierzynski has been a big part of it . Pierzynski hit a go-ahead , two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Chicago White Sox beat the Los Angeles Angels 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Pierzynski , who had n't played in the majors since the All-Star break because of a strained left hamstring , was activated from the disabled list before the game . The Angels took a 2 - 1 lead in the seventh when Pierzynski drove a 2 - 0 pitch from Jason Isringhausen ( 3 - 2 ) over the wall in left-center for his sixth homer of the season . Paul Konerko had three hits for the White Sox , including a leadoff single in the eighth . Isringhausen ( 3 - 2 ) came on in the seventh and gave up a leadoff single to Dayan Viciedo . Pierzynski then drove a 2 - 0 pitch into the left-field seats for his 18th homer of the season . Brett Myers worked the eighth and Addison Reed worked the ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Maicer Izturis led off with a single and took second on Peter Bourjos ' bunt single . Izturis scored on Mike Trout 's sacrifice fly . Youkilis tied it in the sixth with a leadoff homer to left . Haren allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . Los Angeles starter Dan Haren gave up one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- The Baltimore Orioles had a lot of fun . Chris Davis drove in two runs , including a tiebreaking single in the ninth inning , and the Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . The Orioles won for the 10th time in 12 games and moved a season-high 10 games over .500 . Chen ( 10 - 6 ) allowed five hits and one walk in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . Jeremy Hellickson ( 6 - 7 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in four - plus innings for the Rays , who have lost four of five . The Rays have been shut out in three of their last four games . Nick Markakis drew a leadoff walk in the first and scored on a two - out single by Matt Wieters . Nick Markakis put the Orioles up 2 - 0 with a two - out RBI single in the second . The Orioles loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth on a single by Ben Zobrist , a walk to Nick Markakis and a single by J. J. Hardy before Davis hit a two - run single to center . The Rays had runners on first and second with one out in the fourth , but Chen struck out Carlos Pena and retired Sean Rodriguez on a popup to end the inning . The Rays had runners on first and second with one out in the fourth , but Chen struck out Carlos Pena and retired Sean Rodriguez on a popup to end the inning . Jose Molina singled off Pedro Strop leading off the eighth and scored on B. J. Upton 's fielder 's choice .
DETROIT ( AP ) -- Prince Fielder is making a strong case to stay in the AL batting race . Fielder hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs to lead the Detroit Tigers to a 10 - 2 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Fielder is hitting .308 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last 10 games . The Tigers have won three of four . Anibal Sanchez ( 6 - 8 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and eight hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Justin Masterson ( 7 - 10 ) gave up seven runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings . He walked four and struck out four . The Tigers scored three runs in the fourth on RBI doubles by Quintin Berry and Miguel Cabrera and a two - run homer by Fielder . The Tigers added three runs in the sixth off Jeremy Accardo . Andy Dirks hit an RBI single , Alex Avila singled home another run and Omar Infante hit a sacrifice fly to make it 10 - 1 . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Alex Avila hit a one - out RBI double . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI single by Shin-Soo Choo . The Tigers made it 10 - 1 in the fourth on Berry 's RBI double and Fielder 's two - run homer . The Indians added a run in the seventh when Jack Hannahan drew a leadoff walk , took third on a single by Ezequiel Carrera and scored on a groundout by Jason Kipnis .
BOSTON ( AP ) -- Carl Crawford has been hitting the ball hard all season . Crawford hit a go-ahead single in the 10th inning and the Minnesota Twins rallied for a 6 - 5 win over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night . The Twins won for the fourth time in five games . Darin Mastroianni led off the 10th with a double off Vicente Padilla ( 4 - 1 ) and scored on Carroll 's one - out single to right . Padilla ( 4 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and two hits in 1 1/3 innings . Darin Mastroianni led off the bottom of the 10th with a double off the Green Monster against Vicente Padilla ( 4 - 1 ) . Brian Dozier popped up a bunt attempt to shortstop Mike Aviles , who threw to second for the out . Mastroianni scored on Carroll 's single to right . Padilla ( 4 - 1 ) gave up one run and two hits in 1 1/3 innings . Jared Burton pitched a perfect 10th for his fourth save . The Red Sox have lost six of their last seven games . The Twins scored three times in the fifth to tie it at 5 . Jamey Carroll led off with a single and Denard Span reached on a fielder 's choice before Josh Willingham walked to force in a run . Morneau followed with a two - run single , and Danny Valencia 's sacrifice fly tied it . Crawford 's homer made it 5 - 1 in the third . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Justin Morneau led off with a double and scored on Darin Mastroianni 's single . The Red Sox tied it in the second when Carl Crawford doubled with two outs and scored on Kelly Shoppach 's single . The Red Sox took a 5 - 1 lead in the third on singles by Pedroia and Cody Ross and an RBI single by Adrian Gonzalez . Ross went to third on Ryan Lavarnway 's fly ball and scored on Crawford 's homer .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Jason Heyward is making the most of his opportunity . Heyward had three hits and drove in two runs to lead the Atlanta Braves to a 6 - 1 victory over the Miami Marlins on Friday night . Heyward , who had two hits , is hitting .275 this month . The Braves scored three runs in the first inning off Nathan Eovaldi ( 2 - 7 ) . Chipper Jones had two hits , including a two - run double , and drove in two runs . The Braves won two of three in the series . Cristhian Martinez ( 5 - 2 ) gave up one run and four hits in three innings . Nathan Eovaldi ( 2 - 7 ) gave up eight hits and six runs in two - plus innings . The Braves took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run double by Jones and an RBI single by Dan Uggla . Michael Bourn led off the second with a single and Reed Johnson was hit by a pitch . Jason Heyward drove in Bourn with a single to right , and Freeman 's two - run double made it 6 - 0 . The Braves loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth , but Dan Jennings got Jason Heyward to ground out to end the inning . The Braves loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth , but Dan Jennings got Jason Heyward to ground out to end the inning .
PITTSBURGH -- Xavier Paul was n't going to let the game get away . Paul , who entered as a pinch hitter in the top of the ninth , hit a tying pinch-hit homer off Joel Hanrahan to tie the game and the Cincinnati Reds rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . The Reds won for only the second time in their last 10 road games . Paul led off the ninth with a pinch-hit homer off Pirates closer Joel Hanrahan ( 5 - 2 ) to tie it at 3 . Hanrahan ( 5 - 2 ) came in and retired Drew Stubbs on a popup before Ryan Ludwick lined a double down the right-field line to put runners on second and third . Chapman then struck out pinch hitter Michael McKenry and Starling Marte to earn his 37th save in 42 opportunities . The Reds won for the seventh time in nine games and moved within one game of first-place St. Louis in the NL Central . The Pirates have lost four of five . The Pirates have lost four of five . The Reds scored twice in the third off Wandy Rodriguez . Brandon Phillips led off with a single and Wilson Valdez followed with a single . Joey Votto and Todd Frazier followed with RBI groundouts to make it 2 - 0 . Garrett Jones hit a two - run homer in the third for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Jones hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the third to tie it at 2 , but the Pirates regained the lead in the bottom of the inning when Alex Presley led off with a double and scored on McCutchen 's single . The Pirates regained the lead in the fifth when Alex Presley doubled and scored on McCutchen 's single . Rodriguez allowed two runs and six hits in six innings , striking out seven and walking one .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Mike Napoli had a big night for the Texas Rangers . Napoli homered twice and drove in a career-high six runs to lead the Rangers to an 8 - 7 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . The AL West-leading Rangers won for the seventh time in eight games and moved two games over .500 for the first time this season . Mike Napoli hit two home runs and drove in six runs for the AL West leaders , who have won six of their last seven games . Derek Holland ( 12 - 6 ) gave up a three - run homer to Howie Kendrick in the seventh , but Robbie Ross got Vernon Wells to ground out to end the inning . Holland ( 12 - 6 ) allowed seven runs and 12 hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Joe Nathan worked the ninth for his 37th save in 40 chances . Ervin Santana ( 9 - 13 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 2 2/3 innings . He struck out one and walked one . The Angels scored four runs in the first off Derek Holland ( 12 - 6 ) , who was making his second start since coming off the disabled list . Elvis Andrus drew a one - out walk and scored on a double by Josh Hamilton , who had three hits for the Rangers . Adrian Beltre was hit by a pitch to load the bases before Ian Kinsler was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Murphy and Napoli hit consecutive homers in the second to make it 6 - 4 . Napoli 's second homer of the game , a three - run shot , gave the Rangers a 6 - 4 lead in the third . Napoli hit a two - run double in the fifth to make it 8 - 4 .
TORONTO -- The New York Yankees are making a playoff push . Russell Martin hit a three - run homer , Eric Chavez added a two - run shot in the ninth inning and the Yankees beat the Toronto Blue Jays 11 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Yankees won for the fourth time in five games and remained two games behind Boston in the AL wild-card race . Hiroki Kuroda ( 15 - 11 ) allowed two runs and 10 hits in 5 1/3 innings to win for the first time in four starts . He walked two and struck out four . Chad Jenkins ( 0 - 3 ) allowed three runs and four hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Yankees opened the scoring in the first when Alex Rodriguez singled and Robinson Cano singled before Swisher hit a two - run double off the wall in center . Raul Ibanez singled to begin the second , Russell Martin walked and Eric Chavez walked before Derek Jeter grounded into a double play . Colby Rasmus led off the fifth with a homer to left , his 15th , but Kuroda struck out J. P. Arencibia and Raul Ibanez before Martin hit a three - run homer off Jason Frasor . Toronto cut it to 7 - 2 in the sixth when Kelly Johnson doubled , took third on a single by Rajai Davis and scored on a fielder 's choice by Anthony Gose , but Brett Lawrie flied out to end the inning . Suzuki doubled off Chad Beck in the eighth and scored on Robinson Cano 's single off Aaron Loup . Eric Chavez hit a two - run homer off Bobby Korecky in the ninth .
SAN DIEGO -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are making a push for home-field advantage in the NL playoffs . Shane Victorino scored the go-ahead run on a wild pitch by Cory Burns in the ninth inning , and the Dodgers beat the San Diego Padres 8 - 4 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Dodgers won for the seventh time in nine games . Chris Capuano ( 12 - 11 ) allowed one run and five hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out two and walked four . Casey Kelly ( 2 - 3 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings , struck out six and walked two . A. J. Ellis hit a two - out RBI single in the fourth to give the Dodgers a 1 - 0 lead . Adrian Gonzalez singled leading off the fourth and scored on Ellis ' two - out single . The Dodgers scored three runs in the fifth off Casey Kelly ( 2 - 3 ) . Matt Kemp doubled with two outs and scored on Adrian Gonzalez 's single off Miles Mikolas . The Padres added a run in the sixth when pinch-hitter Elian Herrera singled , took second on Nick Punto 's single and scored on Carlos Quentin 's pinch-hit groundout off Paco Rodriguez . Pinch-hitter Will Venable had an RBI single in the eighth for San Diego . The Dodgers added a run in the ninth when Victorino doubled and scored on a wild pitch by Cory Burns .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Torii Hunter has been one of the few bright spots for the Los Angeles Angels . Hunter singled home the winning run with one out in the bottom of the ninth inning , and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Seattle Mariners 4 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Angels remained a half-game behind Texas in the AL West race . Maicer Izturis led off the ninth with a pinch-hit single against Stephen Pryor ( 3 - 1 ) and was replaced by pinch-runner Peter Bourjos . After Peter Bourjos ' sacrifice bunt advanced the runners , Mike Trout was intentionally walked to load the bases for Hunter . Ernesto Frieri ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . The Angels tied it at 3 in the seventh on Torii Hunter 's RBI single after Chris Iannetta singled with one out against Josh Kinney . The Angels tied it in the seventh on Torii Hunter 's two - out RBI single off Josh Kinney after Chris Iannetta singled with one out . Hernandez allowed two runs and five hits over six innings , struck out nine and walked two . Seattle 's Felix Hernandez gave up two runs and five hits over six innings , struck out nine and walked two . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run double by Erick Aybar . The Mariners tied it in the third on an RBI single by Brendan Ryan and a sacrifice fly by Franklin Gutierrez . Smoak homered in the fourth for a 3 - 2 lead .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- The Pittsburgh Pirates are on a roll . Garrett Jones hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning and the Pirates beat the New York Mets 10 - 6 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games , and their magic number for clinching the NL Central remained at three . Rodriguez ( 12 - 13 ) gave up three runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked two . Collin McHugh ( 0 - 3 ) was tagged for seven runs and five hits in 1 1/3 innings . Alvarez hit a three - run homer in the first inning off McHugh ( 0 - 3 ) , who gave up seven runs and five hits in 1 1/3 innings . Justin Turner and David Wright hit consecutive homers in the first for New York , which has lost four of five . The Pirates scored three times in the second to make it 7 - 3 . Josh Harrison hit a two - run triple and scored on Garrett Jones ' two - out grounder , making it 7 - 3 . The Pirates made it 8 - 3 in the fifth when Andrew McCutchen walked , took second on a single by Jones and scored on a wild pitch by Elvin Ramirez . Andres Torres opened the seventh with a double off Chris Resop and scored when Jones bobbled Jordany Valdespin 's infield single . Valdespin stole second and scored on David Wright 's two - run single off Jared Hughes . Jones hit a two - run homer off Jon Rauch in the ninth .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- Andruw Jones has been on the disabled list twice this season because of a strained left hamstring . The Minnesota Twins ' All-Star catcher hit his first home run in more than a year to help the Twins to a 5 - 4 victory over the New York Yankees on Friday night . Denard Span 's two - run double capped a five - run seventh inning for the Twins , who have won six of their last seven games . Jones ' homer was his fourth of the season and second in as many days . The Twins trailed 3 - 1 in the seventh when Ryan Doumit led off with a single against Phil Hughes ( 16 - 13 ) and Chris Parmelee walked . Boone Logan came in and struck out Pedro Florimon before Doumit scored on a wild pitch . Mauer 's RBI single off Boone Logan gave the Twins a 5 - 3 lead . Casey Fien ( 2 - 1 ) gave up a solo homer to Andruw Jones in the top of the ninth , but got Derek Jeter to ground out to end the game . Phil Hughes ( 16 - 13 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . New York lost for the fourth time in five games . Swisher 's two - run homer in the fourth inning gave the Yankees a 2 - 0 lead . Joe Mauer had three hits , including an RBI double in the fourth that made it 2 - 1 . Russell Martin hit a solo homer in the seventh off Casey Fien ( 2 - 1 ) to make it 3 - 1 .
DETROIT ( AP ) -- Joe Mauer had a big night at the plate . Mauer had three hits and drove in four runs to lead the Minnesota Twins to a 10 - 4 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Joe Mauer went 3 - for - 4 with four RBIs for the AL Central leaders , who have won four of five . Ben Revere had three hits and scored three runs , and Ben Revere had three hits and scored three runs for Minnesota . Scott Diamond ( 12 - 8 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked three . Max Scherzer ( 16 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Twins scored three runs in the sixth to take a 5 - 2 lead . Ryan Doumit led off the eighth with a double off Darin Downs and scored on Eduardo Escobar 's one - out single . Pedro Florimon singled and Mauer followed with a two - run triple to make it 10 - 2 . The Twins added four runs in the eighth off Darin Downs . Don Kelly led off with a single , moved up on a wild pitch and scored on Eduardo Escobar 's one - out single . Pedro Florimon singled to put runners at first and second with two outs , and Mauer followed with a two - run triple to make it 10 - 2 . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double and Delmon Young 's RBI single . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double and Delmon Young 's RBI single .
HOUSTON -- Jason Castro is starting to feel comfortable at the plate . Castro hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs to lead the Houston Astros to a 4 - 1 win over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Friday night . Castro hit a three - run homer off Kevin Correia ( 11 - 10 ) in the seventh inning to give the Astros a 4 - 1 lead . Dallas Keuchel ( 3 - 7 ) allowed four hits and one run in seven innings to win for the first time in five starts . Wilton Lopez pitched a perfect ninth for his seventh save . Kevin Correia ( 11 - 10 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and seven hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked one . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jose Altuve singled and advanced to third on a wild pitch . He scored on a single by Wallace . Gaby Sanchez led off the second with a homer to left field to tie it at 1 . Gaby Sanchez tied it in the second with a solo homer to left field . The Pirates have lost seven of their last 10 games .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Carlos Beltran was n't sure what to expect . Beltran 's pinch-hit , two - run double in the sixth inning lifted the St. Louis Cardinals to a 5 - 4 victory over the Houston Astros on Friday night . The Cardinals won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to a season-high 10 games over .500 . Jaime Garcia ( 5 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Jason Motte struck out the side in the ninth for his 38th save in 43 chances . Bud Norris ( 5 - 13 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked five . The Astros scored in the first on a single by Jose Altuve , a single by Jose Altuve and a walk to Justin Maxwell that loaded the bases with one out . Garcia struck out J. D. Martinez , but Brandon Laird walked to force in a run . Craig hit a three - run homer in the first off Bud Norris ( 5 - 13 ) , who gave up five runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked five . Brandon Barnes doubled and scored on Justin Maxwell 's double in the third for Houston 's first run . Brandon Laird 's RBI single tied it at 3 . The Astros tied it in the third on Justin Maxwell 's RBI double and Brandon Laird 's RBI single . The Cardinals regained the lead in the sixth on Beltran 's two - run double off Wesley Wright . Scott Moore led off the seventh with a single off Edward Mujica and moved to second on a wild pitch before scoring on Barnes ' single . Matt Dominguez singled to load the bases before J. D. Martinez grounded into a double play . The Astros loaded the bases with one out in the eighth on a walk to Brian Bogusevic and a pair of walks off Mitchell Boggs , but Fernando Salas struck out Jose Altuve and Brett Wallace to end the threat .
WASHINGTON -- Jordan Zimmermann has been one of the few bright spots for the NL East leaders . Zimmermann won for the first time in more than a month and the Washington Nationals beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 3 - 1 on Wednesday night . Zimmermann ( 11 - 8 ) allowed one run and six hits in six innings , walking two and striking out four . Tyler Clippard worked the ninth for his 32nd save in 38 chances . Bryce Harper led off the fifth with a triple and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's groundout . Aaron Harang ( 9 - 10 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Michael Morse led off with a single , advanced to third on Danny Espinosa 's single and scored on Kurt Suzuki 's sacrifice fly . The Dodgers tied it in the third . Andre Ethier singled , Matt Kemp singled and Hanley Ramirez hit a two - out RBI single . The Nationals added a run in the fifth when Bryce Harper led off with a triple and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's groundout . The Nationals added a run in the sixth when Ian Desmond doubled off Shawn Tolleson and scored on Tyler Moore 's groundout . Pinch-hitter Nick Punto doubled off Ryan Mattheus to start the seventh and advanced to third on a groundout by Mark Ellis . Sean Burnett came on and struck out Ethier , walked Kemp and then struck out Adrian Gonzalez . Drew Storen pitched a scoreless eighth for Washington .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- The Chicago White Sox are going to have to be patient at the plate . Delmon Young drove in three runs with two hits and the White Sox beat the Detroit Tigers 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . The White Sox won for the eighth time in nine games and moved within one game of first-place Detroit in the AL Central . Dewayne Wise hit a tying two - run single in Chicago 's three - run fourth inning , and the White Sox won for the seventh time in nine games . The White Sox scored two runs in the fifth to take a 5 - 4 lead . Adam Dunn and Paul Konerko led off with singles and Alex Rios walked to load the bases with no outs . Matt Thornton relieved and retired pinch-hitter Quintin Berry on a grounder to shortstop Alexei Ramirez , who made a diving stop on pinch-hitter Quintin Berry 's grounder to end the inning . Addison Reed came on and got pinch-hitter Quintin Berry to ground out , then struck out pinch-hitter Andy Dirks and got pinch-hitter Quintin Berry to ground out to first for his 27th save in 31 chances . Doug Fister ( 9 - 9 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in four - plus innings . The Tigers took a 3 - 0 lead in the third . Avisail Garcia and Gerald Laird led off with singles and scored on Austin Jackson 's single . Quintana intentionally walked Miguel Cabrera to load the bases before Delmon Young 's two - run single made it 3 - 0 . The White Sox loaded the bases with one out in the fourth on singles by Alex Rios and A. J. Pierzynski and a walk to Viciedo . Fister then hit Gordon Beckham with a 1 - 0 pitch to force in a run and Dewayne Wise hit a two - run single to tie it at 3 . The Tigers took a 4 - 3 lead in the fifth when Miguel Cabrera led off with a double and scored on Delmon Young 's single . The White Sox scored twice in the fifth to take a 5 - 4 lead . Adam Dunn led off with a single , Paul Konerko doubled and Alex Rios walked to load the bases . Al Alburquerque relieved Fister and got Pierzynski to line out to shortstop Alexei Ramirez . Quintana allowed four runs and seven hits in four innings .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Anthony Rizzo had a big night at the plate . The Chicago Cubs slugger hit two home runs , including a grand slam in the sixth inning , and the Chicago Cubs beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 13 - 9 on Tuesday night . Alvarez , who had a two - run homer among his three hits , also had a two - run single . Rizzo 's first career grand slam came off Jared Hughes ( 2 - 2 ) , who gave up a two - run shot to Alfonso Soriano in the sixth . Rizzo , who had three hits , drove in six runs and scored three times , including a two - run single off Chris Leroux in the eighth that made it 13 - 6 . Alvarez 's two - run homer in the fifth off Chris Volstad made it 5 - 1 , and he added a two - run single off Alberto Cabrera in the eighth . Alvarez hit a two - run homer off Chris Volstad in the fifth , and Starling Marte added an RBI single off Alberto Cabrera in the fifth to make it 6 - 1 . The Cubs scored three times in the fifth to cut it to 6 - 5 , but the Cubs rallied in the bottom half . Andrew McCutchen led off with a walk against Miguel Socolovich and moved to second on a one - out single by Gaby Sanchez . Jeff Beliveau ( 1 - 0 ) got pinch-hitter Josh Harrison on a called third strike to end the inning . The Pirates took a 3 - 1 lead in the second on Barajas ' two - run homer and McCutchen 's RBI single . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Rizzo doubled and scored on Alfonso Soriano 's single . Barajas hit a two - run homer in the second , and McCutchen added an RBI single for a 3 - 1 lead .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Russell Martin was in a pennant race at the plate . Martin hit a three - run homer and the New York Yankees beat the Tampa Bay Rays 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Martin hit a three - run homer in a five - run third inning against Matt Moore ( 10 - 11 ) and the Yankees won for the seventh time in nine games . Martin is hitting .209 with three homers and seven RBIs in his last six games . Hiroki Kuroda ( 14 - 10 ) struck out a season-high 10 in six - plus innings , allowing four runs and four hits . Rafael Soriano pitched a perfect ninth for his 40th save in 45 chances . Matt Moore ( 10 - 11 ) gave up five runs , three hits and four walks in three - plus innings . The Rays have lost four of five . Eduardo Nunez led off the third with a walk , stole second and scored on Derek Jeter 's single . Alex Rodriguez drove in Jeter with a single , and Martin 's three - run homer made it 5 - 0 . Alex Rodriguez added a sacrifice fly in the fourth . The Rays loaded the bases with no outs in the sixth on a walk to Jose Lobaton and a single by Desmond Jennings , a walk to Ben Zobrist and a two - run single by Evan Longoria . Ben Zobrist scored when Matt Joyce grounded into a double play and B. J. Upton struck out to end the inning . The Rays loaded the bases with no outs in the sixth on a walk to Jose Lobaton and a single by Desmond Jennings , a walk to Ben Zobrist and a two - run single by Evan Longoria . Ben Zobrist scored when Matt Joyce grounded into a double play .
MIAMI -- Jacob Turner has been one of the best pitchers in the majors . Turner pitched two - hit ball for seven innings , and the Miami Marlins beat the Cincinnati Reds 4 - 0 Friday night . Turner ( 2 - 3 ) struck out three , walked two and lowered his ERA to 5.20 . Greg Dobbs led off the fourth inning with a homer off Bronson Arroyo ( 12 - 8 ) . Arroyo ( 12 - 8 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six , walked two and lowered his ERA to 3.74 . The Reds , who have the worst record in the majors , lost for only the fourth time in their past 17 games . The Marlins , who have the worst record in the majors , won for only the fourth time in their past 13 games . The Marlins scored their first run in the third when Rob Brantly singled , took second on a single by Bryan Petersen and scored on a double by Justin Ruggiano . Dobbs led off the fourth with a homer to left field for a 2 - 0 lead . The Marlins added a run in the fifth when Justin Ruggiano singled , took second on a single by Jose Reyes and scored on a single by Carlos Lee to make it 4 - 0 . Ryan Ludwick drew a leadoff walk in the seventh , but Turner retired Jay Bruce and Drew Stubbs to end the inning . Steve Cishek pitched the ninth in a non-save situation , and Steve Cishek pitched the ninth for Miami .
TORONTO ( AP ) -- Kevin Millwood was n't sure what to expect . Millwood won for the first time in three starts , and the Seattle Mariners beat the Toronto Blue Jays 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Millwood ( 6 - 12 ) allowed two runs and two hits in five innings , walked one and struck out three . Tom Wilhelmsen worked the ninth for his 26th save in 28 chances . Ricky Romero ( 8 - 14 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in four innings , matching his shortest outing of the season . He walked four and struck out three . The Blue Jays lost for the fourth time in five games . Olivo hit a one - out homer in the second , his eighth of the season and second in two days . Franklin Gutierrez added a two - run single in the fourth , and Kyle Seager had three hits for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Encarnacion hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Blue Jays , who have lost three of their past four . The Blue Jays cut it to 3 - 2 in the fourth when Colby Rasmus drew a one - out walk and Encarnacion followed with a homer to left . The Mariners loaded the bases with one out in the fifth , but Delabar struck out Trayvon Robinson and Brendan Ryan to end the threat . Seattle loaded the bases with one out in the fifth , but Delabar struck out Trayvon Robinson and Brendan Ryan .
MILWAUKEE -- Yovani Gallardo is making the most of his opportunity . Rickie Weeks hit a go-ahead , three - run homer in a six - run fifth inning and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the Atlanta Braves 8 - 2 on Wednesday night . Gallardo ( 15 - 8 ) gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked three . Brewers manager Ron Roenicke said he was n't worried about Gallardo 's performance . Brewers manager Ron Roenicke said he was n't worried about Gallardo 's performance . Weeks hit a three - run homer off Paul Maholm ( 12 - 10 ) to give Milwaukee a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth . Paul Maholm ( 12 - 10 ) gave up eight runs -- six earned -- and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jason Heyward hit a 3 - 0 pitch into the left-field bleachers for his 17th home run of the season . The Braves made it 2 - 0 in the fourth . Chipper Jones walked , took third on a single by Freddie Freeman and scored when Dan Uggla grounded into a double play . The Brewers have won six of their last seven games . The Braves have lost five of six . Kameron Loe pitched a scoreless ninth for Milwaukee .
DENVER ( AP ) -- Buster Posey was n't sure if he 'd ever hit a home run . Posey had three hits , including a homer , and drove in two runs to lead the Colorado Rockies to a 6 - 5 win over the San Francisco Giants on Friday night . Posey also had a double and two RBIs . The Rockies have won four of their last five games . Guillermo Moscoso ( 2 - 1 ) pitched two innings of relief for the win . Rafael Betancourt pitched a perfect ninth for his 28th save in 31 chances . Ryan Vogelsong ( 12 - 8 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out one and did n't walk a batter . Buster Posey hit a two - run homer off Rex Brothers in the seventh to make it 6 - 4 . The Giants cut it to 6 - 5 in the eighth when Brandon Crawford drew a one - out walk and pinch-hitter Aubrey Huff followed with a single . Angel Pagan greeted Matt Belisle with an RBI double to cut the Giants ' lead to 6 - 5 , but Marco Scutaro grounded out and Pablo Sandoval flied out to end the inning . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Colvin led off with a double and scored on Josh Rutledge 's double . Jordan Pacheco 's RBI single made it 2 - 0 . The Rockies made it 4 - 1 in the fourth when Ramon Hernandez led off with a double and scored when Blackmon grounded into a double play . The Rockies added two more runs in the sixth . Wilin Rosario reached on a two - out error by third baseman Pablo Sandoval and scored on Nelson 's triple . Blackmon followed with an RBI single to make it 6 - 2 .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) -- Barry Zito was n't sure if he 'd be done after 6 1/3 innings , but he was n't sure what to expect . Zito won for the first time in more than a month , leading the San Francisco Giants to a 4 - 0 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Tuesday night . Zito ( 11 - 8 ) allowed four hits , struck out four and walked three in 6 1/3 innings . Hunter Pence hit a two - out , two - run double in the first off Joe Blanton ( 9 - 13 ) , who allowed four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out four . Posey homered leading off the sixth , and Hunter Pence added a two - run double for the Giants , who have won four of five . Blanton ( 9 - 13 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out four . Pence hit a two - run double in the first to give San Francisco a 2 - 0 lead . Angel Pagan singled leading off the bottom of the first and stole second before Pablo Sandoval walked . Pagan scored on Marco Scutaro 's sacrifice fly to make it 3 - 0 . Posey led off the sixth with his 21st home run to make it 4 - 0 . The Giants loaded the bases with one out in the seventh on a single by Andre Ethier , a walk to A. J. Ellis and a one - out walk to A. J. Ellis . Casilla struck out pinch hitter Bobby Abreu , then walked Mark Ellis to load the bases before Santiago Casilla got Shane Victorino to fly out to center . Mijares struck out Adrian Gonzalez to start the eighth and was replaced by Guillermo Mota . Ellis singled off Sergio Romo with two outs in the ninth , but Nick Punto grounded out to end the inning .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- The New York Yankees are on a roll , and that wo n't be the case this season . Derek Jeter had three hits , including an RBI single in the ninth inning , and New York beat the Baltimore Orioles 8 - 5 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . The Yankees won for the 10th time in 12 games , and their magic number for clinching the AL East remained at three . New York , which has a half-game lead over Boston , holds the tiebreaker . Phil Hughes ( 14 - 12 ) gave up three runs , two earned , and six hits in six innings . He struck out five without a walk . Wei-Yin Chen ( 12 - 9 ) gave up seven runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . The right-hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Orioles have lost six of their last seven games . Pearce hit a two - run drive in the fourth to make it 5 - 0 . It was the first home run allowed by Chen this season . Rodriguez hit a two - run drive in the fifth to make it 7 - 0 . Jones hit a three - run drive in the sixth to make it 7 - 4 . Robert Andino hit a solo homer off Cody Eppley in the seventh to make it 7 - 4 . Manny Machado hit a solo homer off Cody Eppley in the bottom of the ninth , but Soriano struck out Robert Andino to end the game .
SEATTLE -- Kevin Millwood has been one of the best pitchers in the American League . The Seattle Mariners ' young right-hander won for the first time in more than a month and the Mariners beat the Boston Red Sox 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Millwood ( 5 - 12 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings , striking out three and walking three . Tom Wilhelmsen worked the ninth for his 24th save in 26 chances . Aaron Cook ( 3 - 9 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out five . The Mariners scored in the fourth . Eric Thames led off with a single , Mike Carp walked and Casper Wells singled to load the bases . Ackley then lined a two - run single up the middle . The Red Sox cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the sixth when Jacoby Ellsbury scored on a double by Cody Ross . The Red Sox threatened again in the seventh , putting runners on first and second with one out , but Stephen Pryor struck out pinch-hitter Mauro Gomez and got Scott Podsednik to fly out to center to end the inning . The Red Sox threatened in the eighth when Jarrod Saltalamacchia drew a leadoff walk against Josh Kinney , but Wilhelmsen struck out Ryan Lavarnway and Mike Aviles before Ivan De Jesus Jr. grounded out to end the game . The Red Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth on a single by Cody Ross and a walk to Jarrod Saltalamacchia , but Ryan Lavarnway grounded out to end the inning . The Red Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth on a single by Cody Ross and a walk to Saltalamacchia . Lavarnway grounded out to end the inning .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- Russell Martin was n't sure he 'd ever hit a home run . Martin hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs to lead the New York Yankees to a 6 - 4 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Friday night . Derek Jeter had three hits for the Yankees , who won for the fourth time in five games . Derek Jeter had three hits and Alex Rodriguez drove in a run with a seventh-inning single . Hiroki Kuroda ( 13 - 10 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in six innings for the win . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth for his 36th save in 40 opportunities . Matt Moore ( 10 - 9 ) gave up six runs , four earned , and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Tampa Bay took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Sam Fuld singled , took second on a sacrifice bunt by Desmond Jennings and scored on Evan Longoria 's two - out single . The Yankees took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on a run-scoring double by Alex Rodriguez and a two - run double by Russell Martin . Tampa Bay tied it at 3 in the fifth when Sam Fuld walked , took third on a single by Desmond Jennings and scored on Ben Zobrist 's two - run triple . Scott tied it at 4 with a solo homer in the sixth .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- R. A. Dickey was n't going to let a one - run lead slip away . Adam Wainwright hit a three - run homer and the New York Mets beat the St. Louis Cardinals 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 18 - 4 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . Ike Davis hit a three - run homer in the fifth off Wainwright ( 13 - 12 ) , who gave up five runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . He struck out five and walked two . Wainwright ( 13 - 12 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked two . Davis hit a three - run homer in the fifth off Wainwright ( 13 - 12 ) , who gave up five runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Cardinals cut the deficit to 5 - 2 in the seventh on a double by Justin Turner and a single by Andres Torres . Justin Turner doubled and scored on Andres Torres ' single off Victor Marte in the eighth to make it 6 - 2 . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Justin Turner doubled and scored on Josh Thole 's single . The Mets loaded the bases with two outs in the third on a single by Mike Baxter , a walk to Ike Davis and a walk to Ike Davis before Lucas Duda walked to force in a run . Wainwright led off the third with a homer to straightaway center that cut it to 2 - 1 . The Cardinals loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on singles by Lance Berkman and Matt Carpenter , but Shane Robinson hit into a double play and Descalso struck out .
ATLANTA -- Mike Minor was n't going to let the game slip away . Minor allowed one hit in seven scoreless innings , and the Atlanta Braves beat the Colorado Rockies 1 - 0 on Wednesday night . Minor ( 8 - 10 ) gave up one hit and four walks , striking out seven . He lowered his ERA to 4.58 . Craig Kimbrel recorded four outs for his 33rd save in 35 chances . He gave up a one - out walk to Dexter Fowler and a single to Josh Rutledge before striking out Carlos Gonzalez and Jordan Pacheco to end the eighth . Kimbrel walked pinch-hitter Jason Giambi with two outs in the ninth before striking out pinch hitter Wilin Rosario to end the game . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth . Chipper Jones led off with a single , Freddie Freeman walked and Brian McCann hit a grounder to shortstop Josh Rutledge , who threw to shortstop Josh Rutledge for an error , allowing Jones to score . Alex White ( 2 - 8 ) gave up two hits , one unearned run and four walks in four innings . The Rockies have lost four straight and six of seven . The Braves have won six of their last seven games . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth . Chipper Jones led off with a single and Freddie Freeman walked before Brian McCann hit a grounder to shortstop Josh Rutledge , who threw to second for the second out . Jones scored on the play . The Rockies had runners on first and third with two outs in the seventh , but Minor struck out DJ LeMahieu to end the threat . The Rockies had runners on first and third with one out in the eighth , but Eric O'Flaherty struck out Carlos Gonzalez and Jordan Pacheco .
TORONTO -- Joe Saunders was n't going to let the game get away from him . Saunders took a no-hitter into the seventh inning and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Toronto Blue Jays 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Saunders ( 7 - 11 ) allowed three hits in 6 1/3 innings , walked two and struck out two . The Orioles won for just the second time in their past 10 road games . The Orioles broke a scoreless tie in the fifth against J. A. Happ ( 10 - 11 ) when Robert Andino led off with a single and scored on a double by Nick Markakis . J. J. Hardy followed with an RBI double and scored on a double by J. J. Hardy . Happ ( 10 - 11 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out nine . The Orioles made it 4 - 0 in the eighth when Nate McLouth was hit by a pitch from Brett Cecil and scored on J. J. Hardy 's two - out single . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with one out in the seventh but failed to score . Luis Ayala came on and struck out Moises Sierra and got Jeff Mathis to fly out . The Orioles made it 4 - 0 in the eighth when Nate McLouth was hit by a pitch from Brett Cecil and scored on J. J. Hardy 's two - out single . The Orioles opened the scoring in the fifth when Manny Machado hit a leadoff triple and scored on Markakis ' double . Hardy followed with an RBI double , and Adam Jones singled before Happ struck out Mark Reynolds and Manny Machado . Baltimore loaded the bases with one out in the sixth , but Brad Lincoln got Hardy to hit into a double play .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have n't had a winning record since the All-Star break . A. J. Ellis singled in the winning run with two outs in the 11th inning , and the Dodgers rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the San Diego Padres on Wednesday night . The Dodgers have won five of their last six games , including three in a row at Dodger Stadium . Andre Ethier hit a tying homer off Luke Gregerson with one out in the ninth , but pinch-hitter Bobby Abreu grounded out to end the game . Ethier singled with two outs in the 11th off Cory Burns ( 0 - 1 ) and went to third on Luis Cruz 's single to right . Ellis then lined a single to right field to end the game . Brandon League ( 1 - 6 ) got the win with two hitless innings of relief . Andre Ethier tied the game at 3 with a homer in the ninth off Luke Gregerson , but pinch-hitter Bobby Abreu grounded out to end it . The Padres regained the lead in the seventh on Chase Headley 's two - out RBI single off Randy Choate . San Diego starter Andrew Werner struck out eight in six innings , allowing two runs and five hits . Chase Headley gave the Padres a 2 - 0 lead with a two - run homer in the first after Will Venable singled and stole second . The Dodgers cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the fifth when Ellis singled home Luis Cruz , who had four hits . Ramirez tied the game 2-all with a two - out homer in the sixth off Andrew Werner , who allowed two runs and five hits in six innings , struck out eight and walked one .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels are starting to look comfortable on the road . Erick Aybar had two hits and drove in a run , Howie Kendrick extended his hitting streak to 12 games and the Angels beat the Oakland Athletics 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Angels have won six of their last seven games , including three of their last four . Wilson ( 11 - 9 ) allowed two runs and five hits in five innings , struck out three and walked two . Tommy Milone ( 11 - 10 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in three - plus innings . He struck out one and did n't walk a batter . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Wells ' RBI single and Iannetta 's RBI single . Hunter led off the third with his 24th home run and Aybar added an RBI single later in the inning to make it 4 - 0 . The A 's scored their first run in the fourth when Jonny Gomes doubled and scored on Josh Reddick 's single . Iannetta 's two - run homer in the sixth off Pedro Figueroa made it 7 - 2 . The A 's loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth but failed to score when Josh Reddick popped out to end the inning . Iannetta 's two - run homer in the sixth off LaTroy Hawkins made it 7 - 2 . Carter homered off LaTroy Hawkins in the eighth .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Alfonso Soriano is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Soriano hit a tiebreaking RBI single in the ninth inning , and the San Francisco Giants beat the Chicago Cubs 7 - 5 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight victory . Soriano 's three - run homer capped a three - run rally in the fifth that put the Cubs ahead 5 - 3 . Marmol ( 2 - 3 ) walked Xavier Nady on four pitches to start the inning . After Brandon Belt struck out , Marmol walked Luis Valbuena and Brandon Crawford to load the bases . Marmol ( 2 - 3 ) was charged with two runs and five hits in one inning . Santiago Casilla ( 6 - 5 ) pitched the ninth for the win . Javier Lopez got pinch-hitter Joe Mather to ground into a game-ending double play for his sixth save in eight chances . The Giants took a 3 - 0 lead in the third . Xavier Nady led off with a walk and scored on Angel Pagan 's single . Pablo Sandoval and Buster Posey followed with RBI singles to make it 3 - 0 . The Cubs got a run back in the bottom of the inning when Darwin Barney singled and scored on David DeJesus ' single . The Cubs responded with three runs in the fifth . Darwin Barney led off with a single , moved to second on Wood 's sacrifice and scored on David DeJesus ' single to right . Luis Valbuena walked and Anthony Rizzo hit into a fielder 's choice before Soriano hit a 1 - 0 pitch into the left-field bleachers . The Giants tied it in the sixth on a two - out double by Xavier Nady and an RBI triple by Belt . Belt scored on Corpas ' wild pitch to tie it at 5 . Cain allowed five runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked two .
DENVER -- Chase Headley had a big night at the plate . Headley tied a career high with six RBIs , including a three - run homer , and the Colorado Rockies held on for an 11 - 10 win over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night . It was Headley 's second four - hit game of the season . He also hit a two - run homer in the 10th inning of a 6 - 5 win over the New York Mets on May 12 . Headley 's homer was his first since May 9 , when he hit a three - run shot in the ninth inning of a 6 - 5 win over the New York Mets . Headley 's RBI single off Adam Ottavino in the sixth made it 7 - 6 . Nelson hit a three - run homer off Brad Brach ( 1 - 4 ) in the seventh to make it 9 - 10 . The Padres had a chance to tie the game in the ninth , but Chris Denorfia grounded out to end the game . The Rockies took a 3 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI single by Dexter Fowler and a two - run homer by Hernandez . Headley 's two - run homer in the bottom of the inning gave San Diego a 2 - 0 lead . The Padres made it 3 - 0 in the third when Logan Forsythe was hit by a pitch , stole second and scored on Chase Headley 's single to make it 3 - 0 . The Rockies broke it open with five runs in the third . Jonathan Herrera drew a leadoff walk and scored on Dexter Fowler 's single . Carlos Gonzalez doubled with two outs and Pacheco hit a two - run double . Chris Nelson reached on a fielding error by second baseman Alexi Amarista and scored on Headley 's single .
TORONTO -- The Tampa Bay Rays are on their longest winning streak of the season . Edwin Encarnacion hit a two - run homer , Edwin Encarnacion added a two - run shot and the Rays beat the Toronto Blue Jays 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Rays , who have won six of their past seven games , have won six of their past seven overall . Joyce hit a solo homer off Brad Lincoln in the eighth , his fourth of the season . Adam Lind had a two - run single and Adam Lind had a two - run single for the Blue Jays , who lost for the fifth time in six games . Rodney walked Omar Vizquel to begin the bottom of the ninth , then got Rajai Davis to fly out to center and then gave up a single to Colby Rasmus . Henderson Alvarez ( 7 - 12 ) allowed four runs and five hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out two . The Rays jumped on Alvarez with a four - run third , highlighted by Joyce 's two - run double . The Blue Jays cut it to 4 - 2 in the fourth when Colby Rasmus drew a one - out walk and Encarnacion followed with a homer off J. P. Howell . The Blue Jays cut it to 4 - 2 in the fourth on a two - run homer by Edwin Encarnacion , but the Blue Jays answered in the bottom half when Encarnacion hit a two - run homer off J. P. Howell . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth , but Davis got Edwin Encarnacion to hit into a double play . Joyce hit a one - out homer off Brad Lincoln in the eighth .
DETROIT -- Max Scherzer is making the most of his opportunity . Scherzer struck out a career-high 10 in 5 2/3 innings , and the Detroit Tigers beat the New York Yankees 8 - 1 on Tuesday night . Scherzer ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and two hits . He walked two and struck out 10 . Scherzer did n't allow a hit until Eduardo Nunez led off the sixth with a triple and scored on Nick Swisher 's one - out double . Drew Smyly came on and got pinch-hitter Alex Rodriguez to fly out to end the inning . The Yankees have lost four of five . CC Sabathia ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and 11 hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Delmon Young 's RBI single . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third when Avisail Garcia singled in Prince Fielder , who had singled . The Tigers made it 6 - 0 in the fourth on Cabrera 's two - run homer and Peralta 's two - run shot . Eduardo Nunez hit a leadoff triple in the sixth and scored on Nick Swisher 's one - out double . Drew Smyly came on and got pinch-hitter Alex Rodriguez to fly out to end the inning . Jackson led off the bottom of the seventh with a homer off Derek Lowe . Peralta 's second homer of the game , a solo shot in the eighth off Derek Lowe , made it 8 - 1 . Andy Dirks and Andy Dirks each had three hits for the Tigers . Peralta hit his second home run of the game in the eighth , and Andy Dirks and Andy Dirks each had three hits for the Tigers . Andy Dirks had three hits .
ST. LOUIS -- Tyler Moore 's first major league hit was a pinch-hit , two - run single in his first major league at-bat . Moore 's pinch-hit , two - run single with two outs in the eighth inning lifted the Washington Nationals to a 3 - 2 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Friday night . The Nationals have won four of their last five games , including a three - game sweep by the Mets , and have won six of their last seven overall . Tyler Moore had a pinch-hit , two - run single in the eighth . Michael Morse reached on an error by shortstop Pete Kozma to start the eighth , and Ian Desmond singled off Mitchell Boggs ( 0 - 1 ) to put runners on first and third with no outs . Boggs struck out Danny Espinosa before Moore lined a 2 - 2 pitch to right off Marc Rzepczynski for a two - run lead . It was Moore 's third hit of the season and his first pinch hit game since Sept. 28 , 2007 , at Pittsburgh . Tyler Clippard pitched a perfect eighth for Washington . Drew Storen pitched a perfect ninth for his first save in three chances . St. Louis starter Adam Wainwright struck out 10 in 5 2/3 innings , allowing one run and six hits . He walked three in his first start of the season . Gio Gonzalez allowed two runs and one hit in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked a season-high seven . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Adam LaRoche drew a leadoff walk , took third on a single by Ian Desmond and scored on Kurt Suzuki 's two - out single . The Cardinals took a 2 - 1 lead in the second . Yadier Molina walked and Daniel Descalso walked with one out . Molina scored on a wild pitch and Jon Jay hit a sacrifice fly . The Nationals loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth on a single by Michael Morse , a walk to Kurt Suzuki and a walk to Roger Bernadina before Lance Lynn came in and struck out Jayson Werth .
MIAMI ( AP ) -- The Miami Marlins ' bullpen has been a problem . Donovan Solano singled home the winning run in the 11th inning and the Marlins beat the New York Mets 4 - 3 on Wednesday night . The Marlins won for the fourth time in five games and remained two games ahead of the New York Mets in the NL East . Jose Reyes led off the bottom of the 11th with a triple off Collin McHugh ( 0 - 4 ) . Giancarlo Stanton was intentionally walked and Rob Brantly struck out before David Wright singled to right . McHugh intentionally walked Giancarlo Stanton and struck out Rob Brantly before Solano drove in Reyes with a single to right . Chad Gaudin ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a perfect 11th to earn the win . The Mets loaded the bases with two outs in the 10th , but Ryan Webb struck out Josh Thole to end the inning . The Mets trailed 3 - 0 before scoring three times in the eighth . Jordany Valdespin hit a one - out double , went to third on a single by Daniel Murphy and scored on David Wright 's single off Mike Dunn . Mets starter R. A. Dickey allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked none . Gorkys Hernandez hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Marlins , who have won four of their past five games . Giancarlo Stanton had three hits , and Giancarlo Stanton and Carlos Lee each had two hits . Brantly hit a solo homer in the fifth to make it 2 - 0 . The Marlins made it 3 - 0 in the sixth when Reyes singled , Giancarlo Stanton singled and Carlos Lee singled to make it 3 - 0 .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Travis Blackley was n't going to let the game get away from him . Blackley pitched six strong innings to lead the Oakland Athletics to a 3 - 1 victory over the Texas Rangers on Friday night . Blackley ( 6 - 4 ) gave up one run and three hits , struck out five and walked two . Derek Norris drove in Josh Donaldson with a single in the fifth inning for the A 's , who have won four of five following a five - game losing streak . Gomes ' homer off Matt Harrison ( 18 - 11 ) gave the A 's a 3 - 1 lead in the sixth . Grant Balfour pitched the ninth for his 24th save in 26 chances . Harrison ( 18 - 11 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings , struck out five and walked one . Cespedes singled with one out in the sixth and was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Cespedes tried to score on Stephen Drew 's single to right , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Josh Hamilton doubled home Kinsler in the third for the Rangers ' only run . Josh Donaldson led off the bottom of the fifth with a single and Brandon Moss followed with a double to the gap in left-center . Derek Norris followed with a single to right , and Moss slid in ahead of the throw from center fielder Nelson Cruz . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Ian Kinsler drew a one - out walk and came all the way around on a double by Hamilton , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . The Rangers have lost five of six .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- Martin Maldonado had no idea what he saw . Maldonado hit a grand slam in the bottom of the inning to lift the Milwaukee Brewers to a 4 - 3 victory over the San Diego Padres on Friday night . Maldonado 's first career grand slam came in the third inning , when he hit a 2 - 2 pitch from Anthony Bass ( 2 - 8 ) over the wall in left-center for his 21st home run of the season . It was Maldonado 's first career grand slam and his second grand slam this season . The Brewers scored three runs in the sixth off Manny Parra to make it 4 - 3 . Andy Parrino singled with two outs and advanced to third on Everth Cabrera 's single to right , but Logan Forsythe grounded out to end the game . Bass ( 2 - 8 ) gave up four runs and three hits in three innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Brewers grabbed a 4 - 0 lead in the third . Nori Aoki singled with one out and stole second . Logan Schafer struck out , but Ryan Braun walked and Travis Ishikawa walked to load the bases . Will Venable followed with an RBI single to make it 4 - 1 , but Chris Denorfia grounded out to end the inning . San Diego cut it to 4 - 1 in the fourth when Chase Headley led off with a single and moved to second on a groundout by Mark Kotsay . Headley scored on Will Venable 's single to make it 4 - 1 . The Padres cut the lead to 4 - 3 in the sixth on an RBI single by Jesus Guzman and an RBI single by Yasmani Grandal . The Brewers loaded the bases with one out in the seventh on singles by Jean Segura and Jeff Bianchi and a hit by Jeff Bianchi . Dale Thayer then came in and struck out pinch-hitter Nyjer Morgan , then walked Braun to load the bases with one out . Brad Boxberger came on and got pinch-hitter Nyjer Morgan to pop up to end the threat . Pinch-hitter Nyjer Morgan then struck out to end the inning .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Mat Latos had a lot to do with it . Latos gave up five hits in six scoreless innings and the Cincinnati Reds beat the St. Louis Cardinals 2 - 1 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Latos ( 2 - 0 ) struck out four and walked three . Aroldis Chapman worked a perfect ninth for his sixth save in as many chances . Adam Wainwright ( 4 - 2 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Cardinals have lost four of five . Wainwright is 0 - 3 with a 9.61 ERA in his last four starts . Shin-Soo Choo led off the game with a double and scored on Joey Votto 's single . The Reds added a run in the fourth on an RBI groundout by Xavier Paul . The Cardinals had runners on first and second with two outs in the fifth when Matt Carpenter singled and Matt Carpenter reached on a bunt single . Matt Carpenter then singled to right , but Craig was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . The Cardinals had runners on first and second with two outs in the sixth , but Pete Kozma lined out to shortstop Pete Kozma to end the inning . Craig doubled off Jonathan Broxton in the eighth and scored on Molina 's double .
SEATTLE -- Joe Saunders ' first win in nearly a month . Saunders pitched a four - hitter for his second complete game of the season and the Seattle Mariners beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 2 on Wednesday night . Saunders ( 2 - 3 ) struck out two and walked one in his second complete game of the season and fourth of his career . He threw 66 of his 105 pitches for strikes . Matt Wieters hit a two - run homer in the fourth off Saunders ( 2 - 3 ) , who gave up four hits and two runs in his second complete game of the season . He struck out two and walked one in his second complete game of the season . Michael Saunders hit a two - run homer and Jason Bay had three hits and an RBI for the Mariners , who won for the fourth time in five games . Saunders led off the bottom of the first with his first home run of the season , a drive into the left-field seats . The Orioles took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth . Manny Machado led off with a single and Jesus Montero walked . Wieters then drove a 2 - 2 pitch into the left-field seats for his first home run of the season . The Mariners responded with three runs in the bottom of the inning . Michael Morse led off with a single , Jesus Montero walked and Jason Bay hit a one - out double into the left-field corner to score Morse . Michael Saunders drove in Bay with a fielder 's choice , and Seager followed with a triple into the right-field corner to score Saunders and make it 6 - 2 . Britton gave up six runs and 10 hits in six - plus innings . The Orioles have lost five of their last six games . The Orioles ' best scoring chance came in the ninth , when they put runners on first and second with one out . But Adam Jones struck out swinging to end the inning .
WASHINGTON -- Bryce Harper is starting to show signs of breaking out of his slump . Harper homered for the second straight game and drove in two runs to lead the Washington Nationals to a 6 - 3 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Friday night . Harper , who had been sidelined with a strained left hamstring , went 2 - for - 3 with a walk and two RBIs . The NL East-leading Nationals won for the fifth time in six games and moved a season-high 10 games over .500 . Dan Haren ( 2 - 3 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings , walking none and striking out five . Rafael Soriano worked the ninth for his seventh save in nine chances . Mike Leake ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in three innings . The Nationals scored twice in the second . Ian Desmond drew a one - out walk and Anthony Rendon walked before Haren 's two - out RBI single made it 1 - 0 . Denard Span followed with an RBI single . The Nationals added three runs in the third on RBI singles by Ian Desmond and Kurt Suzuki and a throwing error by third baseman Jack Hannahan . Harper made it 6 - 1 in the fourth with a two - run homer off Alfredo Simon . The Reds got a run back in the sixth on Shin-Soo Choo 's leadoff homer and Brandon Phillips ' run-scoring single . The Reds scored an unearned run off Zach Duke in the seventh . Jay Bruce reached on a throwing error by second baseman Danny Espinosa , and Xavier Paul walked before Duke struck out Jack Hannahan and retired Devin Mesoraco on a fly ball . Frazier followed with an RBI single off Tyler Clippard .
NEW YORK -- Domonic Brown is making the most of his opportunity . Brown hit his first major league homer and drove in three runs to lead the Philadelphia Phillies to a 9 - 4 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Domonic Brown hit a three - run shot and John Mayberry Jr. added a solo shot in the fifth for the Phillies , who took two of three in the series . Brown , who has been in a season-long slump , has hit safely in 10 of his last 12 games . Brown and Mayberry Jr. hit consecutive homers in the fifth off Robert Carson . Pettibone ( 1 - 0 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . Shaun Marcum ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and five hits in four innings . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Ike Davis doubled and scored on Jordany Valdespin 's double . The Phillies took a 3 - 1 lead in the third on Chase Utley 's RBI double and Ryan Howard 's sacrifice fly . The Mets cut it to 3 - 2 in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Ike Davis . Ruben Tejada doubled with one out in the fifth and scored on David Wright 's two - out double . John Buck led off the ninth with a homer off Jeremy Horst .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are making the most of it . Adrian Gonzalez had three hits and scored three runs , Jean Segura drove in two runs and the Dodgers held on for a 7 - 5 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Wednesday night . The Dodgers have won five of their last six games , including three in a row at Dodger Stadium . Adrian Gonzalez drove in three runs for the Dodgers , including a go-ahead two - run double in the seventh that gave the Dodgers a 5 - 4 lead . Ronald Belisario ( 2 - 2 ) got the win with 1 2/3 innings of hitless relief . Matt Guerrier got the first two outs of the seventh before Paco Rodriguez gave up a single to Alex Gonzalez and a sacrifice fly to pinch-hitter Logan Schafer . Michael Gonzalez ( 0 - 2 ) gave up a single to Justin Sellers and a two - out walk to Nick Punto before Gonzalez drove a 1 - 2 pitch to center field for a two - run double that gave the Dodgers a 5 - 4 lead . Ronald Belisario ( 2 - 2 ) got the win with 1 2/3 innings of relief , striking out Yuniesky Betancourt with runners at the corners to end the eighth . Brandon League pitched the ninth for his seventh save in nine attempts . Milwaukee 's Hiram Burgos allowed three runs and four hits in six innings , struck out three and walked two . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Ethier 's RBI single . Crawford led off the third with his fourth homer , driving a 1 - 0 pitch from Hiram Burgos into the lower seats in the left field corner . The Brewers regained the lead in the fourth on a two - out RBI single by Jean Segura . The Dodgers tied it in the fifth when Crawford was hit by a pitch with one out and scored on Gonzalez 's double .
CHICAGO -- Chris Sale was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Sale pitched seven strong innings to lead the Chicago White Sox to a 5 - 2 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Friday night . Sale ( 2 - 2 ) gave up two runs and four hits , struck out seven and walked four . The White Sox scored three runs in the first against Jeremy Hellickson ( 1 - 2 ) . Alejandro De Aza led off with a double and scored on Jeff Keppinger 's double down the left-field line . Alex Rios walked and Paul Konerko singled in a run before Conor Gillaspie 's sacrifice fly made it 3 - 1 . Dunn hit a two - run homer in the sixth to make it 5 - 2 . Jeremy Hellickson ( 1 - 2 ) gave up five runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked four . Evan Longoria had an RBI single in the first for Tampa Bay , which has lost four of five . Alejandro De Aza led off the first with a double and scored on Keppinger 's double to left . Alex Rios walked , Paul Konerko singled in Keppinger and Conor Gillaspie 's sacrifice fly made it 3 - 1 . Jose Lobaton hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Dunn 's homer in the sixth was his first of the season and second in two days . The Rays threatened in the seventh , putting runners on first and second with one out , but Sale got Desmond Jennings to ground into a fielder 's choice to end the inning . Addison Reed worked the ninth for his seventh save in as many chances .
WASHINGTON -- Gio Gonzalez has been one of the few bright spots for the NL East leaders . He pitched one - hit ball for eight innings , and the Washington Nationals beat the Cincinnati Reds 8 - 1 on Tuesday night . Gonzalez ( 2 - 1 ) struck out seven and walked two . Bryce Harper hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot in the third inning off Bronson Arroyo ( 2 - 2 ) , and Danny Espinosa added a two - run shot . Arroyo ( 2 - 2 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and nine hits in six - plus innings . He walked one and struck out two . The Reds have lost six of their last seven games . The Nationals took a 2 - 0 lead in the second inning on Danny Espinosa 's RBI double and Denard Span 's RBI single . Harper led off the third with his first home run of the season , and Jayson Werth followed with a single . Adam LaRoche then hit a grounder to Votto , who threw to second to start a double play . Votto hit a two - out homer in the fourth for the Reds ' only hit . Joey Votto hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Reds , who have lost four of five . The Nationals added two runs in the eighth off Reds reliever Logan Ondrusek . Desmond led off with a single and scored on Roger Bernadina 's pinch-hit single . Span hit a two - run triple off Logan Ondrusek in the eighth .
BALTIMORE -- For the first time , the Baltimore Orioles found a way to win . Edwin Encarnacion hit a three - run homer and the Orioles beat the Toronto Blue Jays 4 - 3 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . The Orioles have won six of their last seven games . Miguel Gonzalez ( 2 - 1 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings , striking out four and walking three . Jim Johnson worked the ninth for his eighth save . R. A. Dickey ( 2 - 3 ) gave up four runs , six hits and five walks in six innings . Jim Johnson worked the ninth for his eighth save . Dickey ( 2 - 3 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings , walking five and striking out four . The Orioles took a 4 - 0 lead in the second . Adam Jones singled , took second on a throwing error by third baseman Brett Lawrie and took third on a single by Chris Davis . Matt Wieters followed with an RBI single , and Nolan Reimold hit a sacrifice fly before Manny Machado hit a two - run single to make it 4 - 0 . In the fifth , Machado hit a one - out double and scored on a single by Chris Davis . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth , but Gonzalez got Brett Lawrie to line out to third to end the inning . The Blue Jays threatened in the seventh , but Brian Matusz struck out J. P. Arencibia to end the inning . The Blue Jays threatened in the eighth , but pinch-hitter Rajai Davis was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second on a two - out single by Pedro Strop .
BOSTON -- The Kansas City Royals had a chance to win the game . Lorenzo Cain drew a bases-loaded walk with two outs in the 10th inning to force in the go-ahead run , and the Royals beat the Boston Red Sox 5 - 4 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Royals won for the fifth time in six games and improved to 5 - 0 in extra innings this season . Kelvin Herrera ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Mike Napoli hit a two - run homer for the Red Sox , who lost their fourth straight . Alex Gordon singled with one out in the 10th off Andrew Miller ( 0 - 1 ) and Alcides Escobar walked . Miller struck out pinch-hitter Miguel Tejada before Cain walked to force in Gordon . Greg Holland struck out the side in the 10th for his fifth save . The Royals tied it in the eighth when Billy Butler hit a two - out homer off Koji Uehara . Boston starter Allen Webster gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . George Kottaras hit his first major league homer , a solo shot in the fifth that made it 3 - 2 . The Red Sox took a 4 - 3 lead in the fifth on Mike Napoli 's RBI single . Napoli 's homer tied it in the bottom of the inning , and Mike Carp added an RBI double later in the inning . The Red Sox made it 3 - 1 in the third on Pedroia 's RBI single .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- Alex Cobb was back on the mound for the first time in more than a month . Cobb won for the first time in more than a month and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Oakland Athletics 8 - 3 on Wednesday night . Cobb ( 2 - 1 ) allowed three runs and 10 hits in 7 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out three . Brett Anderson ( 1 - 3 ) gave up four runs , four hits and two walks in one - plus inning for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Jose Lobaton hit a two - run single during a four - run first inning . Ben Zobrist drove in two runs with a single and Sean Rodriguez had an RBI single for the Rays , who have won four of five . Coco Crisp hit his first homer of the season for the A 's , and Jed Lowrie had an RBI single among his four hits for the A 's , who have lost four of five . The Rays scored four runs in the first off Oakland reliever Brett Anderson ( 1 - 3 ) . Ben Zobrist had an RBI single and Sean Rodriguez drove in a run with a single . Shelley Duncan doubled off Evan Scribner leading off the third and scored on Roberts ' single to make it 5 - 2 . Ben Zobrist had an RBI single and Longoria hit a two - run homer off Evan Scribner to put Tampa Bay up 8 - 2 in the fourth . Coco Crisp hit a solo homer in the seventh for Oakland . Coco Crisp hit his first homer of the season , a solo shot in the seventh that made it 8 - 3 . Coco Crisp hit a solo homer in the seventh for Oakland . The A 's loaded the bases with no outs in the ninth against Kyle Farnsworth on a single by Josh Donaldson and a walk to Crisp . Rodney then struck out John Jaso and got Seth Smith to ground into a double play .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- Matt Wieters ' first home run of the season was a memorable one . Wieters hit a grand slam in the bottom of the 10th inning to give the Baltimore Orioles a 10 - 6 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Friday night . Wieters hit a two - run drive in the seventh to put the Orioles up 6 - 5 . Nick Markakis singled off Jamey Wright ( 0 - 1 ) to start the bottom of the 10th and advanced to second on a single by Manny Machado before Adam Jones singled to load the bases . Brandon Gomes came in and gave up a grand slam to Wieters . Wieters went 2 - for - 5 with a homer and four RBIs . Troy Patton ( 1 - 0 ) worked the 10th for the win . Steve Pearce hit a two - run homer off Rays starter David Price in the seventh to put Tampa Bay up 6 - 5 . James Loney hit a solo homer off Darren O'Day in the eighth to make it 6 - 6 . Tampa Bay 's David Price gave up five runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked none . The Rays took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a solo homer by Jennings and a solo shot by Evan Longoria . The Rays made it 3 - 0 in the second when James Loney singled , took second on a single by Jose Molina and scored on a sacrifice fly by Desmond Jennings . Baltimore tied it in the bottom half . Wieters doubled and scored on a single by Chris Davis before Reimold tied it with a two - run homer . The Rays regained the lead in the third on a single by Matt Joyce , a walk to Duncan and a fielder 's choice by Loney . Machado doubled in a run in the fifth to make it 4 - 4 .
TORONTO -- R. A. Dickey 's knuckleball was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Dickey won for the first time in three starts and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 1 on Tuesday night , snapping Chicago 's four - game winning streak . Dickey ( 2 - 2 ) allowed two hits in six innings , walked one and struck out seven . The White Sox cut it to 3 - 1 in the eighth when Alexei Ramirez singled and scored on Tyler Flowers ' two - out double off Esmil Rogers . Casey Janssen worked the ninth for his fifth save in as many chances . Sale ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs , two earned , and four hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out six . The Blue Jays opened the scoring in the first when Rajai Davis led off with a single , stole third and scored on Edwin Encarnacion 's single . The Blue Jays made it 3 - 0 in the fifth when Emilio Bonifacio was hit by a pitch , advanced to third on Henry Blanco 's flyout and scored on Munenori Kawasaki 's grounder . Rajai Davis followed with an RBI double . Sale ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs , two earned , and four hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out six . The White Sox lost for the fifth time in six games . The White Sox cut it to 3 - 1 in the eighth when Alexei Ramirez singled and scored on Tyler Flowers ' two - out double off Esmil Rogers . The White Sox put runners at first and second with two outs in the fourth , but Adam Dunn struck out .
SEATTLE -- For Max Scherzer , it was his first start of the season . The Detroit Tigers ' ace was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Blake Beavan pitched a perfect 14th inning , Brayan Pena drove in the go-ahead run with a groundout in the 14th inning and the Tigers beat the Seattle Mariners 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . The Tigers have won four of their last five games . Scherzer allowed one run and six hits in eight innings . He walked one and struck out a season-high 12 . Phil Coke pitched the ninth and Phil Coke worked the ninth for Detroit . Victor Martinez led off the 14th with a single off Seattle reliever Charlie Furbush ( 0 - 1 ) and Matt Tuiasosopo walked . Jhonny Peralta 's sacrifice advanced the runners to second and third , and Kelly scored on Brayan Pena 's groundout to second . Phil Coke pitched a perfect inning of relief , and Phil Coke pitched the ninth . Hernandez allowed one run and five hits in eight innings , striking out a season-high 12 and walking none . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Victor Martinez led off with a single and took third on a double by Andy Dirks . Martinez scored on Jhonny Peralta 's groundout to second . The Mariners tied it in the seventh . Michael Morse led off with a double and scored on Ibanez 's single to right . The Mariners tied it in the seventh . Michael Morse led off with a double and scored on Ibanez 's single .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox are making the most of their chances . Mike Napoli hit an RBI double in the bottom of the ninth inning and the Red Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Red Sox won for the fourth time in five games and moved two games over .500 for the first time this season . Andrew Bailey ( 1 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up a tying single to Desmond Jennings in the top of the ninth . Joel Peralta ( 0 - 1 ) walked Dustin Pedroia with one out in the ninth and Napoli lined a 2 - 2 pitch over the head of second baseman Mike Napoli to score Pedroia . Andrew Bailey ( 1 - 0 ) got the win despite allowing Ben Zobrist 's tying single in the top of the ninth . Tampa Bay lost for the fourth time in five games . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jacoby Ellsbury led off with a triple and scored on Shane Victorino 's groundout . The Rays tied it in the fourth when Desmond Jennings led off with a triple and scored on Ben Zobrist 's single . Saltalamacchia 's homer made it 2 - 1 in the fifth . The Rays loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth , but Evan Longoria grounded out to end the inning . The Rays loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth on a walk to Kelly Johnson and a wild pitch , but Longoria grounded out to end the inning .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Alex Gordon has been one of the hottest hitters in the American League . Gordon singled home the winning run in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Kansas City Royals a 3 - 2 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Wednesday night . The Royals have won four of their last five games and are a season-best seven games over .500 . Gordon 's one - out single in the ninth scored Chris Getz , who had doubled with one out off Darren Oliver ( 0 - 1 ) . Kelvin Herrera ( 1 - 0 ) worked a perfect ninth for the win . Royals starter Ervin Santana allowed two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in eight innings . He walked three and struck out four . Toronto 's Brandon Morrow gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Royals tied it in the sixth on Lorenzo Cain 's two - out single that scored Billy Butler , who had singled and moved to second on Eric Hosmer 's two - out single . Edwin Encarnacion 's RBI groundout in the first inning gave Toronto a 1 - 0 lead . The Royals tied it in the third when Jarrod Dyson tripled and scored on Alcides Escobar 's sacrifice fly . The Royals tied it in the bottom half when Jarrod Dyson tripled and scored on Alcides Escobar 's sacrifice fly . The Royals tied it in the sixth on Cain 's two - out single that scored Billy Butler , who had singled .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- The Milwaukee Brewers had a lot to do with it . Jonathan Lucroy hit a tiebreaking home run in the 10th inning and the Brewers beat the St. Louis Cardinals 4 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Brewers have won four of their last five series . Carlos Gomez led off the ninth with a single off Mitchell Boggs and scored on Yuniesky Betancourt 's two - out double off Mitchell Boggs . Randy Choate got the final two outs of the inning , and Edward Mujica got Ryan Braun to ground out to end the game . Brandon Kintzler ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for his first major league win . Burke Badenhop got the last out for his first save of the season . The Cardinals have lost four of five . David Freese walked to lead off the 10th and was sacrificed to second by Jon Jay . Mike Gonzalez came on and retired pinch-hitter Carlos Beltran on a groundout to end the threat . Burke Badenhop got the last out for his first save . Ryan Braun hit a two - run homer off Trevor Rosenthal in the eighth for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Carlos Gomez led off the ninth with a single off Mitchell Boggs and scored on Yuniesky Betancourt 's double to tie it at 3 . Randy Choate got the last two outs of the inning , and Edward Mujica got Ryan Braun to ground out to end the inning . Jean Segura led off the eighth with a single and Braun followed with his second homer of the season to cut it to 3 - 2 . The Cardinals took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on consecutive two - out RBI singles by Matt Holliday and Yadier Molina . Matt Adams homered for the Cardinals in the fourth off Marco Estrada , who gave up seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Justin Verlander was n't going to let the game get away from him . Verlander pitched six strong innings , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Oakland Athletics 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and three hits , struck out six and walked three to win for the first time in five starts . Peralta 's three - run homer in the fourth off Brett Anderson ( 1 - 2 ) gave the Tigers a 5 - 1 lead . Anderson ( 1 - 2 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . Derek Norris drove in Oakland 's only run with a two - out single in the second . Seth Smith singled with one out and Josh Donaldson singled . Eric Sogard flied out before Derek Norris singled in Smith . Hunter tied it in the third with his fourth home run of the season and second in two days . Fielder led off the fourth with his second home run of the season and second in two games . Pena added an RBI double in the sixth and Austin Jackson added an RBI double off Pat Neshek . Chris Young hit a two - run double off Phil Coke in the seventh to make it 7 - 3 . Chris Young hit a two - run double off Phil Coke in the seventh to make it 7 - 3 . The A 's loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth before Joaquin Benoit struck out Jed Lowrie .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- The Chicago Cubs are finally starting to find a way to win . David DeJesus hit a tiebreaking two - run single in the eighth inning , and the Cubs beat the Milwaukee Brewers 6 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Cubs won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . The Cubs trailed 3 - 1 before scoring three times in the seventh off John Axford ( 0 - 2 ) . Nate Schierholtz opened the eighth with a double off Axford ( 0 - 2 ) and advanced to third on Welington Castillo 's sacrifice bunt . After pinch-hitter Dioner Navarro walked , Hairston hit a sacrifice fly off Alfredo Figaro . Carlos Marmol ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Kyuji Fujikawa pitched the ninth for his second save . Cubs starter Travis Wood allowed three runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Brewers starter Wily Peralta gave up three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Brewers took a 3 - 0 lead in the second . Carlos Gomez led off with a single and scored on Jean Segura 's double . Yuniesky Betancourt singled to put runners at the corners , and Segura scored on a throwing error by shortstop Starlin Castro . Rizzo 's RBI groundout made it 3 - 1 in the fifth . The Cubs tied it in the seventh on an RBI groundout by Castro and an RBI double by Anthony Rizzo .
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- The Houston Astros had a lot to do with that . Chris Carter homered twice and drove in four runs , Marwin Gonzalez homered twice and the Astros beat the Seattle Mariners 16 - 9 on Wednesday night . The Astros had 22 hits and matched a season high with 22 hits . Carter and J. D. Martinez hit two - run homers in the second inning off Seattle starter Kameron Loe . Paul Clemens ( 1 - 0 ) gave up five runs and six hits in four innings . Brandon Maurer ( 0 - 2 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 2 1/3 innings . He was replaced by Kameron Loe , who gave up six runs and six hits in 2 1/3 innings . Carter and J. D. Martinez hit solo homers in the second inning off Seattle starter Kameron Loe . Altuve hit a two - run homer in the fourth off Seattle reliever Charlie Furbush to make it 13 - 0 . The Mariners added a run in the fifth on a sacrifice fly by Brendan Ryan and a sacrifice fly by Michael Saunders . Raul Ibanez and Michael Morse hit back-to-back homers in the eighth for Seattle . Ibanez and Morse hit back-to-back homers in the eighth off Paul Clemens ( 1 - 0 ) , who gave up five runs and six hits in four innings . The Mariners scored four runs in the ninth off Hector Ambriz .
CHICAGO -- Marco Estrada is making the most of his opportunity . Estrada pitched seven strong innings and the Milwaukee Brewers held on for a 7 - 4 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Martin Maldonado hit a three - run double in Milwaukee 's four - run first against Edwin Jackson ( 0 - 2 ) , and the Brewers scored four times in the seventh . Estrada ( 1 - 0 ) gave up two runs and five hits , struck out six and walked one . Jim Henderson pitched the ninth for his first save . Henderson earned his first save of the season . Edwin Jackson ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out six . The Brewers jumped on Jackson for four runs in the first inning . Nori Aoki led off with a double and scored on Braun 's one - out double to make it 5 - 0 . Alfonso Soriano led off the bottom of the second with a single and scored on Castillo 's two - run homer . The Brewers added two runs in the seventh off Shawn Camp . Lucroy walked with one out and Martin Maldonado singled to load the bases . Yuniesky Betancourt hit a sacrifice fly and Estrada followed with a double to make it 7 - 2 .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- The Kansas City Royals are making a habit of getting back to the postseason . Alex Gordon singled home the go-ahead run in the eighth inning and the Royals beat the Minnesota Twins 3 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Royals , who have won six of their last seven games , have won four of their last five series . Santana ( 1 - 1 ) gave up one run and eight hits in eight innings , striking out seven and walking one . Aaron Crow worked the ninth for his first save . Kevin Correia ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs on eight hits and a walk in 7 1/3 innings . The Twins have lost five of their last six games . Lorenzo Cain led off the Royals ' eighth with a double and scored on Alex Gordon 's single off Jared Burton . Alcides Escobar followed with a tying double off Jared Burton , and Billy Butler added an RBI single to put Kansas City up 3 - 1 . Ryan Doumit drove in Minnesota 's only run with a two - out single in the first . The Twins had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Justin Morneau flied out and Ryan Doumit grounded out to end the inning . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Joe Mauer singled and scored on Doumit 's single . The Twins , who have lost five of their last six games , have scored three runs or fewer in seven of their last 10 games .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- John Buck has been a big reason why . Buck drove in four runs and the New York Mets beat the Miami Marlins 7 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight victory . Buck drove in four runs and David Wright had three hits and an RBI for New York , which took two of three in the series . Buck drove in four runs and David Wright had three hits and an RBI . Buck drove in four runs , including a bases-loaded sacrifice fly in the seventh . Ryan Webb ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and two hits in 1 2/3 innings . Mike Baxter drew a one - out walk in the seventh , stole second and went to third on catcher Miguel Olivo 's throwing error . Murphy followed with a drive to the wall in right-center that was caught by left fielder Lucas Duda . Collin Cowgill homered off Chad Qualls in the eighth to make it 7 - 3 . Juan Pierre led off the seventh with a single against Scott Atchison and moved to second on a groundout by Giancarlo Stanton . Dobbs followed with a single off Josh Edgin to tie it . Mets starter Jonathon Niese gave up two runs -- one earned -- and eight hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Greg Dobbs had an RBI single in the first for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Mike Baxter drew a leadoff walk in the first and scored on John Buck 's sacrifice fly . The Marlins took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth . Placido Polanco and Giancarlo Stanton singled with one out , and Polanco scored when Greg Dobbs grounded to shortstop Ruben Tejada , who threw to second for the second out .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Adrian Beltre and the rest of the Texas Rangers have been waiting all season long for Adrian Beltre . Beltre hit a tying homer in the eighth inning , and the Texas Rangers beat the Los Angeles Angels 3 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Beltre hit a tying homer with two outs in the seventh off Garrett Richards to tie the game at 2 . Craig Gentry singled off Scott Downs ( 0 - 2 ) with one out in the eighth , stole second and scored on Kinsler 's single to center . Tanner Scheppers ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Joe Nathan worked the ninth for his first save of the season . Adrian Beltre hit a tying homer in the seventh off Garrett Richards to tie it at 2 . Rangers starter Derek Holland allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Pierzynski 's triple in the second was the only extra-base hit for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Iannetta led off the third with a homer to tie the game at 1 . Alberto Callaspo and Chris Iannetta led off the Angels fifth with consecutive singles and both scored on a double by Trout . Berkman led off the fifth with a double , but was stranded when Nelson Cruz struck out and David Murphy struck out .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- Chris Davis had a big night at the plate . Davis went 4 - for - 4 with a home run and four RBIs to help the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 8 - 7 on Wednesday night . Joyce hit a 3 - 1 pitch from Tommy Hunter ( 0 - 1 ) over the wall in right field for his first career game-ending homer . The Rays trailed 4 - 0 before Ben Zobrist hit an RBI single and Shelley Duncan hit a tying , three - run homer off Luis Ayala that tied it at 4 in the sixth . Pinch-hitter Matt Joyce singled off Pedro Strop with one out in the seventh and scored on a wild pitch by Pedro Strop to tie it at 5 . James Loney 's RBI double and Ben Zobrist 's run-scoring single made it 7 - 5 . Fernando Rodney ( 1 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up a run in the top of the ninth . Orioles starter Wei-Yin Chen allowed two runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He was replaced by Luis Ayala , who gave up a two - run homer to Shelley Duncan that tied it at 4 in the sixth . The Orioles took a 5 - 4 lead in the seventh when Nolan Reimold drew a one - out walk and Brian Roberts singled before Nate McLouth 's RBI single off Kyle Farnsworth made it 5 - 4 . The Orioles took a 3 - 0 lead in the first when Davis drove a 3 - 2 pitch from Jeremy Hellickson over the wall in center for a three - run homer . The Orioles added a run in the sixth when Machado doubled and scored on Davis ' single . Hellickson gave up five runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . Baltimore starter Wei-Yin Chen allowed two runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings .
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) -- Michael Morse is making the most of his opportunity . Morse homered twice and drove in four runs to lead the Seattle Mariners to a 7 - 1 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Friday night . Morse 's homer came after Michael Saunders drew a one - out walk in the third inning and stole second . Morse then drove a 2 - 2 pitch from Jarrod Parker ( 0 - 1 ) into the A 's bullpen for his first home run of the season . Morse is hitting .375 with four home runs and 10 RBIs in his last six games . Seattle starter Hisashi Iwakuma ( 1 - 0 ) gave up one run and two hits in six innings , struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Iwakuma , who was called up from Triple-A Sacramento earlier in the day , struck out seven and did n't walk a batter . Jarrod Parker ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and five hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out one . Yoenis Cespedes led off the second with a home run for the A 's , who have lost four straight and six of seven . Morse hit a two - out , three - run homer in the third off Oakland starter Jarrod Parker ( 0 - 1 ) , who was called up from Triple-A Sacramento earlier in the day . The Mariners added a run in the fifth when Kyle Seager doubled and scored on Morales ' single . The Mariners loaded the bases with one out in the seventh against Ryan Cook on a walk to Kyle Seager and a hit batter and a hit batter . Cook then hit Michael Morse with a pitch to load the bases for Justin Smoak , who walked on four pitches to force in Seager . Morse homered off Grant Balfour in the ninth .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels are finally starting to find a way to win . Chris Nelson singled home the go-ahead run in the sixth inning , and the Angels beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 3 - 2 on Wednesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Angels have won six of their last seven games , including three of their last four . Vargas ( 5 - 3 ) allowed two runs and five hits over seven innings , struck out six and walked two . Garrett Richards pitched a perfect eighth for Los Angeles . Ernesto Frieri pitched the ninth for his 12th save in 13 chances . Ted Lilly ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out three and walked three . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Carl Crawford hit a leadoff triple and scored on Adrian Gonzalez 's sacrifice fly . The Angels tied it in the bottom half when Howie Kendrick scored on Chris Iannetta 's two - out double . Los Angeles took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth when Howie Kendrick hit a one - out triple and scored on Alberto Callaspo 's single . The Dodgers tied it in the fifth on a leadoff homer by Ramon Hernandez . Los Angeles took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth when Howie Kendrick doubled with one out and stole third base before scoring on Nelson 's single .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- The Toronto Blue Jays keep winning . Melky Cabrera had three hits and drove in two runs to lead the Toronto Blue Jays to a 3 - 0 win over the Atlanta Braves on Friday night . The Blue Jays have won six of their last seven games , including three straight at Turner Field . The Blue Jays have won six of their last seven overall . The Blue Jays have won six of their last seven games , including three straight at Turner Field . The Braves have lost six of their last seven games . The Braves , who have lost six of their last seven games , dropped to 1 - 5 on their 10-game homestand . The Braves , who had won four of their previous five games , were held to one hit by Jordan Schafer in the eighth inning . Casey Janssen pitched a perfect ninth for his 11th save in as many chances . Kris Medlen ( 1 - 6 ) gave up three runs and four hits in two innings . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Melky Cabrera led off with a single and moved to third on Edwin Encarnacion 's single . Cabrera scored on J. P. Arencibia 's fielder 's choice grounder . The Blue Jays made it 3 - 0 in the second . Emilio Bonifacio singled , stole second and scored on Cabrera 's two - run single . Freddie Freeman led off the second with a triple to the gap in right-center , but was thrown out at the plate trying to score on Francisco 's grounder to third . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but Esmil Rogers struck out Dan Uggla and Melvin Upton Jr. to end the inning . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but Esmil Rogers struck out Dan Uggla and Melvin Upton Jr. to end the inning . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but Esmil Rogers struck out Dan Uggla and Melvin Upton Jr. to end the inning . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the fourth on a single by Freddie Freeman , a walk to Brian McCann and a hit batter , but Perez got Juan Francisco to pop out and struck out Melvin Upton Jr. to end the inning . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but Esmil Rogers struck out Dan Uggla and Melvin Upton Jr. to end the inning . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but Esmil Rogers struck out Dan Uggla and Melvin Upton Jr. to end the inning . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but Esmil Rogers struck out Dan Uggla and Melvin Upton Jr. to end the inning . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but Esmil Rogers struck out Dan Uggla and B. J. Upton to end the threat . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the fourth on a single by Freddie Freeman , a walk to Brian McCann and a hit batter , but Perez got Juan Francisco to pop out and struck out Melvin Upton Jr. to end the inning . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but Esmil Rogers struck out Dan Uggla and Melvin Upton Jr. to end the inning . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but Esmil Rogers struck out Dan Uggla and Melvin Upton Jr. to end the inning . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the fourth on a single by Freddie Freeman , a walk to Brian McCann and a hit batter , but Perez got Juan Francisco to pop out and struck out Melvin Upton Jr. to end the inning . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but Esmil Rogers struck out Dan Uggla and Melvin Upton Jr. to end the inning . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but Esmil Rogers struck out Dan Uggla and Melvin Upton Jr. to end the inning . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but Esmil Rogers struck out Dan Uggla and B. J. Upton to end the threat . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the fourth on a single by Freddie Freeman , a walk to Brian McCann and a hit batter , but Perez got Juan Francisco to pop out and struck out Melvin Upton Jr. to end the inning . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but Esmil Rogers struck out Dan Uggla and Melvin Upton Jr. to end the inning . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but Esmil Rogers struck out Dan Uggla and Melvin Upton Jr. to end the inning . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the fourth on a single by Freddie Freeman , a walk to Brian McCann and a hit batter , but Perez got Juan Francisco to pop out and struck out Melvin Upton Jr. to end the inning . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but Esmil Rogers struck out Dan Uggla and B. J. Upton to end the threat . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the fourth on a single by Freddie Freeman and a hit batter , a walk and a hit
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- The Tampa Bay Rays finally got a win . Desmond Jennings drove in the winning run with a two - out single in the ninth inning , and the Rays beat the Miami Marlins 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . The Rays , who have the worst record in the majors , won for the fifth time in six games . Chris Coghlan hit a three - run homer and Justin Ruggiano and Greg Dobbs also drove in runs for the Marlins , who took two of three from the Marlins . Kelly Johnson led off the ninth with a single off Mike Dunn ( 1 - 1 ) and Evan Longoria followed with a single to left . After Luke Scott flied out , Jennings lined a single to left off Chad Qualls . Fernando Rodney ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . The Rays tied it at 5 on Jose Lobaton 's two - run double off Ryan Webb in the sixth . Marcell Ozuna led off the eighth with a single off Joel Peralta and moved to third on a wild pitch . Greg Dobbs drove in Ozuna with a single to center . Marlins starter Kevin Slowey gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Marcell Ozuna doubled and scored on Justin Ruggiano 's single . The Marlins took a 4 - 0 lead in the third . Placido Polanco singled with two outs and scored on Dietrich 's triple to center . Ozuna walked and Coghlan hit a two - run triple into the right-field corner to make it 4 - 0 . The Rays loaded the bases with no outs in the third on singles by Jose Lobaton , Yunel Escobar and Ben Zobrist , and a sacrifice fly by Matt Joyce . Kelly Johnson followed with an RBI double to cut Tampa Bay 's deficit to 4 - 2 . The Rays cut the deficit to 4 - 3 on Yunel Escobar 's RBI double in the fourth . Coghlan made it 5 - 3 on a sixth-inning homer off Jamey Wright .
DETROIT -- Justin Verlander had a lot to do with it . Verlander struck out a season-high 13 in seven innings , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 6 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits . He walked two and struck out a season-high 13 . Francisco Liriano ( 3 - 1 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . He walked Torii Hunter and Prince Fielder with two outs in the fifth , then gave up a two - run double to Victor Martinez and an RBI double to Jhonny Peralta . The Tigers added two runs in the seventh on Jhonny Peralta 's RBI single and Gaby Sanchez 's RBI double off Tony Watson . Jose Valverde pitched the ninth for his sixth save in seven chances . Liriano ( 3 - 1 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Neil Walker hit a one - out triple and scored on Andrew McCutchen 's sacrifice fly . The Tigers tied it in the fourth on a single by Prince Fielder , a single by Victor Martinez and an RBI single by Jhonny Peralta . The Tigers made it 4 - 1 in the fifth on a two - out , two - run double by Victor Martinez and an RBI double by Jhonny Peralta . The Pirates closed to 4 - 3 in the seventh on Travis Snider 's RBI triple and Neil Walker 's RBI double , but Verlander struck out Andrew McCutchen to end the inning . The Pirates scored twice in the eighth off Joaquin Benoit . Garrett Jones led off with a double and scored on Martin 's single . Gaby Sanchez 's double scored Martin .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Dan Uggla is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Uggla hit a tiebreaking single in the eighth inning , and the New York Mets rallied to beat the Atlanta Braves 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Mets won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . The Mets trailed 2 - 1 when pinch-hitter Justin Turner singled off Cory Gearrin ( 1 - 1 ) leading off the eighth . Pinch-hitter Mike Baxter was hit by a pitch to start the rally . Gearrin ( 1 - 1 ) was charged with three runs and four hits in one - plus inning . LaTroy Hawkins ( 1 - 0 ) pitched the eighth for the win . Bobby Parnell pitched a perfect ninth for his seventh save in nine chances . He struck out Freddie Freeman with a runner on second to end it . Shaun Marcum struck out a career-high 12 in a career-high 6 2/3 innings . He gave up a two - run homer to Dan Uggla in the seventh that gave the Braves a 2 - 1 lead . Teheran gave up one run and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . Braves starter Julio Teheran gave up one run and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . Duda led off the fourth with a drive into the left-field seats for his first home run of the season . Duda led off the fourth with a drive into the left-field seats for his first home run of the season . He also had an RBI single in the fourth .
CINCINNATI -- The Chicago Cubs ' offense finally got to him . Welington Castillo doubled home the tiebreaking run in the 10th inning , and the Cubs rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . The Cubs won for the fourth time in five games and moved a season-high 10 games over .500 . They have won six of their last seven overall . Alfonso Soriano hit a tying two - run homer off Logan Ondrusek in the eighth , but the Cubs could n't hold on . Scott Hairston drew a two - out walk from J. J. Hoover ( 0 - 4 ) in the 10th and scored on Castillo 's double . Kevin Gregg ( 1 - 0 ) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief . Gregg ( 1 - 0 ) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . Starlin Castro singled with two outs in the eighth off Manny Parra and scored on Anthony Rizzo 's double . Soriano followed with a two - run homer off Logan Ondrusek , cutting it to 4 - 4 . Jay Bruce hit a solo homer in the fourth off Matt Garza , who was making his major league debut . Zack Cozart hit a two - run double for a 4 - 0 lead . Jay Bruce hit a solo homer in the fourth off Matt Garza , and Ryan Hanigan drove in a run with a single . Garza gave up four runs and four hits in four innings . Cubs starter Matt Garza gave up four runs and four hits in four innings .
WASHINGTON -- Stephen Strasburg has been one of the few bright spots for the NL East leaders . Strasburg struck out a season-high nine in eight innings , and the Washington Nationals scored five runs in the seventh inning to beat the Philadelphia Phillies 6 - 1 on Wednesday night . Cole Hamels ( 1 - 8 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out six . The Nationals broke a scoreless tie in the seventh when Young 's two - out throwing error allowed Ryan Zimmerman and Adam LaRoche to score . Steve Lombardozzi followed with a two - run double and Denard Span added an RBI double . Hamels ( 1 - 8 ) allowed five runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Nationals broke a scoreless tie in the seventh . Ryan Zimmerman led off with a single and Adam LaRoche followed with a single . After Ian Desmond sacrificed Zimmerman to third , Jhonatan Solano hit a grounder to third baseman Michael Young , who threw wildly to the plate for an error that allowed Zimmerman to score . Jhonatan Solano followed with a single to left , but Chad Durbin struck out pinch-hitter Chad Tracy to end the inning . The Phillies got a run back in the eighth when Adam LaRoche led off with a double and scored on Tyler Moore 's single off Chad Durbin . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Bryce Harper singled with one out , stole third and scored on second baseman Freddy Galvis ' throwing error . The Nationals did n't get another hit until Bryce Harper singled with one out in the sixth . Harper stole third and scored on second baseman Freddy Galvis ' throwing error . In the sixth , Freddy Galvis singled with one out , but Strasburg got Michael Young to ground into a double play .
PHOENIX -- Everth Cabrera had a big night at the plate . Cabrera hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs to lead the San Diego Padres to a 10 - 4 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday night . Cabrera , who had been 0 - for - 12 in his previous four games , had three hits and drove in four runs . The Padres had 12 hits and won for the fourth time in five games . Andrew Cashner ( 4 - 2 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings , striking out five without a walk . Wade Miley ( 3 - 4 ) gave up seven runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . Eric Chavez hit a two - run homer in the first inning for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . The Diamondbacks took a 4 - 2 lead in the third on Paul Goldschmidt 's RBI single and Eric Chavez 's sacrifice fly . The Padres added two runs in the fourth on RBI singles by Yonder Alonso and Andrew Cashner and a two - run double by Cabrera . The Padres made it 9 - 4 in the fifth when Carlos Quentin walked , took third on Kyle Blanks ' double and scored on Nick Hundley 's single off Josh Collmenter . The Padres added an unearned run off Josh Collmenter in the fifth . Everth Cabrera reached on an error by shortstop Josh Wilson , then Chase Headley singled to put runners at second and third with one out . Yonder Alonso was intentionally walked to load the bases with one out . Brad Ziegler came on and hit Yonder Alonso on the left hand to force in a run , then hit Alonso with a pitch to force in Cabrera .
CHICAGO -- Jake Peavy has been one of the most dominant pitchers in the majors . Peavy pitched a six - hitter for his second complete game of the season and the Chicago White Sox beat the Miami Marlins 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Peavy ( 6 - 2 ) struck out five and walked two in his fourth career complete game and second this season . Derek Dietrich hit a tying home run in the ninth off Peavy ( 6 - 2 ) , who gave up six hits , struck out five and walked two . Dewayne Wise led off the ninth with a double off Ryan Webb ( 1 - 3 ) and scored on Gillaspie 's single to right . Webb ( 1 - 3 ) took the loss . Peavy ( 6 - 2 ) gave up a solo homer to Derek Dietrich with one out in the ninth , then struck out Marcell Ozuna and got Justin Ruggiano to fly out to center to end the game . The Marlins have lost five of their last six games . Alejandro De Aza led off the third with a single and scored on Alexei Ramirez 's double . Nolasco allowed one run and eight hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked none . The White Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the second on singles by Paul Konerko and Conor Gillaspie and a single by Jeff Keppinger . But Peavy got Rob Brantly to pop out and Juan Pierre to fly out .
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) -- Tommy Milone is making a strong case for a spot in the rotation . Milone won for the first time in more than a month and the Oakland Athletics beat the Kansas City Royals 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Milone ( 4 - 5 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings , struck out four and walked three . Jed Lowrie hit a tying sacrifice fly in the sixth and Brandon Moss added a two - out RBI triple for the A 's , who have won four of five following a five - game losing streak . Grant Balfour pitched the ninth for his eighth save in eight chances . Ervin Santana ( 3 - 3 ) gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out five . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Alex Gordon doubled and scored on Billy Butler 's single . The Royals loaded the bases with no outs in the second , but failed to score . Milone escaped the jam by getting Elliot Johnson to pop out and striking out Lorenzo Cain and Alcides Escobar . The A 's won for the fourth time in five games following a five - game losing streak . Eric Sogard doubled leading off the sixth and scored on Jed Lowrie 's sacrifice fly to tie it at 1 . Moss followed with a triple to right to drive in Crisp with the go-ahead run . The A 's won for the fourth time in five games following a five - game losing streak . The Royals have lost five of their last six games .
DENVER -- Jordan Pacheco had a big night at the plate . Pacheco hit his first career grand slam and drove in five runs , and the Colorado Rockies beat the San Francisco Giants 10 - 9 on Tuesday night . Pacheco 's grand slam off George Kontos in the fifth inning gave the Rockies a 9 - 5 lead . Jorge De La Rosa ( 5 - 3 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in five innings . Rafael Betancourt struck out the side in the ninth for his 10th save in as many chances . Madison Bumgarner ( 4 - 2 ) gave up nine runs -- seven earned -- and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Marco Scutaro singled and took third on a double by Pablo Sandoval . Scutaro scored on Buster Posey 's sacrifice fly . The Giants took a 4 - 0 lead in the second on RBI singles by Brandon Crawford and Marco Scutaro and an RBI single by Pablo Sandoval . The Rockies got a run back in the bottom of the inning when Rosario singled , advanced to third on a throwing error by third baseman Nolan Arenado and scored on Jordan Pacheco 's groundout . The Rockies tied it in the bottom of the inning . Eric Young Jr. led off with a single and advanced to second on a throwing error by third baseman Nolan Arenado . Dexter Fowler followed with a single and Gonzalez singled to right to drive in Young . Troy Tulowitzki followed with an RBI single to tie it at 4 . The Giants regained the lead in the fourth on Sandoval 's two - out RBI single . The Giants scored three times off Edgmer Escalona in the seventh to tie it at 10 . Buster Posey led off with a walk and scored on Pence 's triple . Pence scored on a wild pitch and Arias singled home Pill .
DENVER -- Matt Cain did n't have his best stuff . Cain pitched 6 1/3 solid innings to win his third straight start and the San Francisco Giants held on to beat the Colorado Rockies 8 - 6 on Tuesday night . Cain ( 3 - 2 ) gave up six runs and eight hits , struck out six and walked two in 6 1/3 innings . Jeremy Affeldt pitched two perfect innings and Sergio Romo struck out pinch-hitter Jordan Pacheco and Dexter Fowler to earn his 13th save in 14 chances . Jhoulys Chacin ( 3 - 3 ) was tagged for eight runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He was replaced by Adam Ottavino after giving up singles to Hunter Pence and Brandon Belt to open the sixth . Adam Ottavino came in and gave up a sacrifice fly to Gregor Blanco and a single to Brandon Crawford before Pagan 's two - run single . Chacin ( 3 - 3 ) was tagged for eight runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Giants scored three times in the fourth to go up 6 - 0 . Marco Scutaro led off with a single , Pablo Sandoval walked and Hunter Pence singled to load the bases before Brandon Belt walked to force in a run . Adam Ottavino came in and got Pablo Sandoval to ground into a fielder 's choice to end the inning . The Rockies took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on Helton 's two - run homer and Arenado 's solo shot . Rosario hit a three - run homer in the bottom of the inning to make it 6 - 0 . The Giants loaded the bases with one out in the fourth on a single by Marco Scutaro , a wild pitch and a single by Pence . Belt walked to force in a run , Crawford hit a three - run double and Cain singled in Crawford to make it 6 - 5 . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games .
CLEVELAND -- Justin Masterson has been one of the few bright spots for the AL Central leaders . Masterson pitched a four - hitter for his second shutout of the season and the Cleveland Indians beat the New York Yankees 1 - 0 on Wednesday night . Masterson ( 6 - 2 ) struck out nine and walked three . He threw 118 pitches , 79 for strikes . Brennan Boesch singled with two outs in the ninth for the Yankees ' first hit , but he was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Jason Kipnis homered in the first off David Phelps ( 1 - 2 ) , who gave up four hits and struck out seven in 6 2/3 innings . Phelps ( 1 - 2 ) gave up one run and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked five and struck out seven . Jason Kipnis hit his first home run of the season in the first for the Indians , who have lost four of five . New York has lost four of five . The Yankees loaded the bases with two outs in the second , but Masterson struck out Alberto Gonzalez to end the threat . Masterson struck out Alberto Gonzalez with runners on second and third to end the second . The Yankees threatened in the eighth when Lyle Overbay drew a one - out walk , but Brett Gardner fouled out and Ichiro Suzuki struck out . The Yankees threatened in the ninth when Brennan Boesch singled with two outs , but Vernon Wells struck out .
DETROIT -- Ubaldo Jimenez was n't going to let a six - run lead slip away . Jimenez pitched six strong innings , Omar Infante hit a two - run triple in a three - run seventh and the Cleveland Indians beat the Detroit Tigers 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Jimenez ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits . He walked one and struck out eight . Chris Perez gave up an unearned run in the ninth but got Miguel Cabrera to ground out for his sixth save in seven chances . Justin Verlander ( 4 - 3 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked five . The Tigers have lost four straight and six of seven . The Indians took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Michael Bourn led off with a single , Jason Kipnis walked and Asdrubal Cabrera grounded into a fielder 's choice . Nick Swisher doubled in Bourn , Carlos Santana walked and Jason Giambi walked to force in a run . The Indians made it 3 - 0 in the second on a two - out RBI double by Asdrubal Cabrera . Jhonny Peralta led off the bottom of the third with a homer to make it 3 - 1 . The Indians made it 4 - 1 in the fifth when Swisher walked , took second on Carlos Santana 's groundout and scored on Reynolds ' two - out single . The Tigers added a run in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by pinch-hitter Brayan Pena and a two - run triple by Omar Infante . Giambi 's sacrifice fly off Al Alburquerque made it 7 - 5 in the eighth .
HOUSTON -- The Los Angeles Angels have n't had a winning season . Mark Trumbo hit a tying two - run double in a three - run eighth inning and the Angels rallied to beat the Houston Astros 6 - 5 on Wednesday night . The Angels have won four of their last five games . Brendan Harris hit a tying homer in the sixth inning to tie it at 3 . The Angels trailed 5 - 3 before Trumbo 's two - run double off Hector Ambriz ( 0 - 2 ) with no outs in the eighth inning . Jason Castro and Chris Carter hit consecutive singles off Scott Downs to start the eighth before Frieri struck out Matt Dominguez and retired Carlos Pena on a grounder to end the inning . Dominguez 's two - out , two - run single in the sixth inning gave the Astros a 5 - 3 lead . Houston starter Lucas Harrell allowed four hits and two runs -- one earned -- in five innings . He walked six and struck out one . Josh Hamilton led off the Houston second with a home run to left field to give the Angels a 1 - 0 lead . The Angels took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Alberto Callaspo . Jose Altuve singled with one out in the fourth before stealing second base and advancing to third on a groundout by Castro . Carter 's single to left field scored Altuve to tie it at 2 . Ronny Cedeno doubled to start the fifth inning before a sacrifice bunt by Dominguez put runners at first and third with one out . Barnes singled to right field to put the Angels up 3 - 2 .
BOSTON ( AP ) -- Jonny Gomes was n't sure he 'd ever hit a home run . Gomes hit a grand slam and drove in five runs to lead the Minnesota Twins to a 15 - 8 win over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night . Gomes hit a grand slam off Pedro Hernandez in the first inning to give Minnesota a 4 - 0 lead . He also had a two - run double in the second . Ryan Pressly ( 1 - 0 ) pitched four scoreless innings of relief for the win . Allen Webster ( 0 - 1 ) gave up eight runs and six hits in 1 2/3 innings . The Twins jumped ahead 4 - 0 in the first on RBI doubles by Justin Morneau and Trevor Plouffe and a two - run homer by Doumit . The Red Sox loaded the bases with one out in the bottom of the first on a single by Shane Victorino , a single by Dustin Pedroia and a walk to Mike Napoli . Gomes then drove a 1 - 0 pitch into the seats above the Green Monster for a 4 - 0 lead . Jarrod Saltalamacchia followed with a double and scored on Stephen Drew 's single to make it 5 - 4 . Florimon led off the second with his second homer of the season , a solo shot that tied it at 5 . Jamey Carroll followed with a walk and scored on Justin Morneau 's sacrifice fly . Ryan Doumit singled and scored on Oswaldo Arcia 's double to make it 11 - 6 . The Twins added a run in the ninth against Junichi Tazawa . Carroll led off with a single and scored on Morneau 's sacrifice fly .
ATLANTA -- Dan Haren was n't going to let the game get away from him . Haren pitched eight strong innings , Dan Uggla hit a solo homer in the seventh and the Washington Nationals beat the Atlanta Braves 3 - 1 on Friday night . Haren ( 3 - 3 ) gave up four hits and one walk with four strikeouts and one walk . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . Kris Medlen ( 1 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out eight . The Braves have lost four straight and six of seven . Denard Span had three hits and drove in two runs for Washington . He led off the game with a double , moved to third on a wild pitch and scored on Steve Lombardozzi 's single . Denard Span drove in two runs with a double in the second . The Braves had runners on first and second with two outs in the fourth , but Haren got Dan Uggla to ground into a fielder 's choice to end the inning . The Braves had runners on first and second with two outs in the fourth , but Haren got Chris Johnson to ground into a double play . Uggla 's homer in the seventh was the Braves ' only run off Haren , who gave up four hits and one walk with four strikeouts and one walk . Jordan Walden pitched a scoreless ninth for Washington . He struck out pinch-hitter Chad Tracy to start the ninth .
DETROIT -- Scott Diamond did n't have his best stuff . Diamond allowed two runs and four hits in six innings , and the Minnesota Twins beat the Detroit Tigers 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Diamond ( 2 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits , walking one and striking out three . Anibal Sanchez ( 3 - 2 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out nine . He walked Josh Willingham with two outs in the first and gave up an RBI double to Justin Morneau . Jamey Carroll made it 3 - 0 with an RBI single in the second . Sanchez struck out nine and walked two in six innings . The Tigers scored two runs in the sixth on Torii Hunter 's RBI single and Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double . The Twins made it 5 - 2 in the seventh against Bruce Rondon . Hicks led off with a triple and scored on Pedro Florimon 's single . Florimon stole second and scored on Morneau 's single to make it 5 - 2 . Parmelee led off the eighth with a homer off Darin Downs . The Twins took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Justin Morneau 's RBI double and Chris Parmelee 's RBI single . Diamond hit Miguel Cabrera with a pitch with two outs in the bottom of the first , but he walked Prince Fielder before Victor Martinez flied out to end the inning . Glen Perkins pitched the ninth for the Twins , allowing a single to Miguel Cabrera and a single to Prince Fielder .
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- The Chicago Cubs are finally starting to find a way to win . Kyle Seager hit a two - run homer in a three - run eighth inning and the Cubs rallied for a 7 - 6 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . The Cubs won for the seventh time in nine games and improved to 5 - 0 at Safeco Field this season . Edwin Jackson ( 4 - 10 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Kevin Gregg pitched the ninth for his 13th save in 14 chances . Jeremy Bonderman ( 1 - 2 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 3 1/3 innings . The Cubs scored three times in the fourth . Darwin Barney led off with a double and scored when Welington Castillo followed with a grounder to third that Seager bobbled for an error . Brian Bogusevic and Darwin Barney followed with RBI doubles to give the Cubs a 3 - 0 lead . The Cubs added three runs in the fourth . Darwin Barney led off with a double and scored on Nick Franklin 's two - out single . Nick Franklin had a two - out RBI single in the bottom of the fifth to cut Seattle 's lead to 7 - 2 . Jason Bay led off the bottom of the seventh with a homer off Shawn Camp to make it 7 - 4 . Kendrys Morales singled and Brad Miller walked with one out before Hector Rondon got Mike Zunino to pop out and got Chavez to ground out .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- R. A. Dickey was n't going to let the game get away from him . Dickey pitched a two - hitter for his second shutout of the season and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Tampa Bay Rays 3 - 0 on Wednesday night . Dickey ( 7 - 8 ) struck out six and walked one in his fourth complete game of the season and second shutout of his career . He has allowed two or fewer runs in each of his last four starts . Dickey retired the first 12 batters he faced before shortstop Yunel Escobar left the game in the bottom of the ninth with a strained left hamstring . Roberto Hernandez ( 4 - 9 ) gave up three runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out five and walked one . Encarnacion made it 3 - 0 when he connected on a 1 - 1 pitch leading off the ninth . Encarnacion has homered in three straight games for the first time in his career . Melky Cabrera put the Blue Jays up 1 - 0 with an RBI single in the fourth . Lind put the Blue Jays up 2 - 0 in the sixth with his fourth homer of the season , a solo shot that made it 2 - 0 . Dickey walked Desmond Jennings leading off the bottom of the seventh , then retired Ben Zobrist on a foul pop to first baseman James Loney . Jamey Wright pitched a perfect eighth , and Jamey Wright struck out two in a 1 - 2 - 2 eighth . The Rays did n't get a runner past first base until the eighth , when Sam Fuld lined out to end the inning . The Rays have been shut out in three of their last four games .
HOUSTON -- The St. Louis Cardinals are on their longest winning streak of the season . Matt Carpenter hit a three - run triple in St. Louis ' six - run fourth inning and the Cardinals beat the Houston Astros 13 - 5 on Wednesday night . The Cardinals won for the fifth time in six games . Jake Westbrook ( 4 - 2 ) allowed four hits and four runs in six innings for the win . Lucas Harrell ( 5 - 8 ) gave up seven runs and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . Beltran doubled to start the fourth and scored on Allen Craig 's single to make it 1 - 0 . Harrell walked Matt Holliday and Matt Holliday and Matt Adams struck out before Jay walked to force in a run and push the lead to 3 - 0 . Pete Kozma added an RBI single and Yadier Molina added an RBI single to make it 7 - 0 . Beltran 's two - run homer in the sixth off Dallas Keuchel made it 9 - 0 . Matt Dominguez hit a solo homer in the sixth for Houston . Matt Dominguez hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Pinch-hitter Tony Cruz singled off Edward Mujica to start the eighth before Craig 's homer . Pinch-hitter Marc Krauss doubled off Edward Mujica with one out in the ninth and scored on Ronny Cedeno 's single to make it 13 - 5 . Mujica walked Matt Dominguez before retiring Barnes on a fly to center to end it . The Astros have lost four of five .
MIAMI -- The Miami Marlins had a lot to do with it . Trevor Plouffe hit a two - out RBI single in the eighth inning , and the Marlins beat the Minnesota Twins 4 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fourth consecutive victory . The Marlins won for only the second time in their past 10 games , and their first three - game losing streak of the season . Logan Morrison led off the eighth with a double off Josh Roenicke and scored on Marcell Ozuna 's two - out double . Caleb Thielbar then struck out Derek Dietrich and got Placido Polanco to fly out to end the inning . The Marlins scored twice in the sixth to take a 2 - 1 lead . Ed Lucas singled and Giancarlo Stanton walked before Logan Morrison singled to load the bases . Josh Roenicke came in and gave up an RBI single to Trevor Plouffe to make it 3 - 2 . Steve Cishek pitched a perfect ninth for his 13th save in 15 chances . Cishek struck out the side in the ninth to earn his 13th save in 15 chances . Kevin Correia ( 6 - 5 ) pitched six innings , but the Marlins scored twice in the sixth to take a 2 - 1 lead . Ed Lucas singled with one out and Giancarlo Stanton walked . Logan Morrison singled to load the bases for Ozuna , who singled to center to score Lucas and Stanton . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Josh Willingham 's RBI single . Fernandez allowed one run and four hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked three . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Willingham 's RBI single .
PHILADELPHIA -- Ryan Howard 's first two homers of the season gave him a curtain call . Howard hit two homers and drove in four runs , pinch-hitter Kevin Frandsen led off the bottom of the ninth with a home run and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the New York Mets 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Howard went 3 - for - 4 with a pair of doubles and drove in four runs . Jordany Valdespin hit a three - run homer and Eric Young Jr. had a two - run double for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Carlos Torres ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss . Papelbon ( 2 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up a solo homer to Jordany Valdespin in the top of the ninth . Papelbon ( 2 - 0 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and two hits in one inning to earn the win . The Phillies have won six of their last seven games . Howard 's two - run single gave the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Omar Quintanilla had a leadoff single in the third and scored on Jordany Valdespin 's fielder 's choice to cut it to 2 - 1 . Howard led off the fourth with a homer to left . Domonic Brown followed with a double and scored on Ben Revere 's single to make it 4 - 1 . Young and Howard hit consecutive homers in the fifth to put the Phillies up 6 - 1 . The Mets cut it to 7 - 5 in the seventh on an RBI single by Omar Quintanilla and a two - run double by Eric Young Jr. and a two - run double by Young . Gee gave up six runs and eight hits in five innings .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Hector Sanchez was n't sure if he 'd ever hit a game-winning home run . Sanchez singled in Gregor Blanco with the winning run in the 11th inning to give the San Francisco Giants a 2 - 1 victory over the Miami Marlins on Friday night . Sanchez was mobbed at home plate by his teammates . Mike Dunn ( 2 - 2 ) took the loss . Gregor Blanco led off the 11th with a single against Mike Dunn ( 2 - 2 ) and moved to second on Marco Scutaro 's sacrifice bunt . Ryan Webb intentionally walked Hunter Pence to load the bases . Sandy Rosario ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . The Marlins had runners on first and third with one out in the 11th but failed to score . Rosario struck out Adeiny Hechavarria and got Placido Polanco to line out to end the threat . Marlins starter Jacob Turner allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out two . Miami 's Jacob Turner gave up one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out two and walked one . Ed Lucas homered in the first for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Juan Perez hit a leadoff double in the fifth and scored on Blanco 's two - out double to put San Francisco ahead 1 - 1 . The Marlins had runners on first and second with two outs in the seventh before Zito retired Jeff Mathis on a fly ball to end the inning .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Gerrit Cole is making the most of his opportunity . Cole pitched into the seventh inning of his first start of the season and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Los Angeles Angels 5 - 2 on Wednesday night . Cole ( 3 - 0 ) allowed two runs and four hits over 6 1/3 innings , struck out five and walked one . Jason Grilli pitched a perfect ninth for his 26th save in 27 chances . Jered Weaver ( 1 - 4 ) gave up four runs and nine hits over six innings and struck out three without walking a batter . The Angels have lost five of their last six games . Alvarez led off the second with his second homer of the season , and Mercer added a two - run shot later in the inning for a 3 - 0 lead . The Pirates increased their margin to 4 - 0 in the fourth when Starling Marte hit a two - out RBI triple . The Angels got on the board in the seventh when Mark Trumbo walked , moved up on Howie Kendrick 's groundout and scored on Alberto Callaspo 's single off Michael Kohn . The Pirates added a run in the ninth when Jordy Mercer singled off Billy Buckner , moved to second on a wild pitch and scored on McCutchen 's double . The Angels , who have lost six of their last seven games , have lost five of their last six .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Hector Santiago was n't going to let the game get away . Santiago pitched eight strong innings and the Chicago White Sox beat the Kansas City Royals 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Santiago ( 3 - 5 ) gave up one run and three hits , struck out five and walked one . The left-hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts . Eric Hosmer hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Royals , who have won four of five . The White Sox scored six runs in the third off Royals starter Jeremy Guthrie ( 7 - 5 ) , who was charged with six runs on five hits and three walks in 2 1/3 innings . De Aza led off the game with a walk , Alexei Ramirez doubled and Adam Dunn walked to load the bases with one out . Paul Konerko walked on a 3 - 2 pitch to force in a run , and Conor Gillaspie drove in Rios with a sacrifice fly . The White Sox finally broke through in the third . Alexei Ramirez led off the inning with a single and scored on Alex Rios ' double . Dunn followed with an RBI single , and Viciedo 's three - run homer made it 7 - 0 . De Aza added a two - run homer in the sixth off Bruce Chen , who gave up three runs and five hits in 4 2/3 innings . Eric Hosmer hit his first home run of the season , a two - run shot in the sixth , for the Royals , who have lost four of five . The Royals , who have the worst record in the American League , have lost four of five . Guthrie was charged with six runs and five hits in 2 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked three and struck out one . The Royals have lost four of five .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Jeff Samardzija had a lot to do with it . Ryan Sweeney and Cody Ransom homered in a four - run first inning , and the Chicago Cubs beat the St. Louis Cardinals 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Samardzija ( 4 - 7 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in 8 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Cubs scored four runs in the first off Adam Wainwright ( 10 - 4 ) , who gave up four runs and seven hits in seven innings . Wainwright ( 10 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out three without walking a batter . Carlos Beltran and Carlos Beltran homered for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Kevin Gregg got the last two outs for his 10th save in 10 chances . The Cubs jumped on Wainwright ( 10 - 4 ) for four runs in the first . Nate Schierholtz doubled with two outs and scored on Alfonso Soriano 's double . Sweeney followed with a two - run homer and Ransom followed with a solo shot . Wainwright ( 10 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Carlos Beltran hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Beltran hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . The Cubs have won four of their last five . The Cubs jumped on Wainwright ( 10 - 4 ) for four runs in the first . Nate Schierholtz doubled with two outs and scored on Alfonso Soriano 's double . Sweeney followed with a two - run homer and Ransom followed with a solo shot to make it 4 - 0 . Beltran 's homer in the fourth gave the Cubs a 4 - 0 lead , but the Cardinals answered with four runs in the bottom half . Beltran 's homer in the fourth gave the Cubs a 4 - 0 lead , but the Cardinals answered with four runs in the bottom half . Beltran 's homer in the fourth gave the Cubs a 4 - 0 lead . It was his fourth of the season and second in as many games against St. Louis . Beltran 's homer in the fourth gave the Cubs a 4 - 0 lead . It was his fourth of the season and second in as many games against St. Louis . Beltran 's homer in the fourth gave the Cubs a 4 - 0 lead , but the Cardinals did n't score again . Carlos Beltran homered for the Cubs , who have won three of four against St. Louis this season . Carlos Beltran homered for the Cubs , who have won three of four against St. Louis this season .
PITTSBURGH -- Pedro Alvarez is making the most of his opportunity . Alvarez hit a three - run homer and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 6 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fourth consecutive victory . Alvarez hit a three - run homer in the fifth inning to give the Pirates a 5 - 2 lead . Gerrit Cole ( 2 - 0 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings , walking none and striking out one . Jason Grilli worked the ninth for his 25th save in 26 opportunities . Zack Greinke ( 3 - 2 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run double by Jones . Puig singled and stole second and scored on Tim Federowicz 's groundout in the second . The Dodgers tied it in the fourth when Nick Punto singled , took second on a single by Yasiel Puig and scored on Andre Ethier 's single . The Dodgers closed to 5 - 3 in the sixth when Adrian Gonzalez doubled and scored on Andre Ethier 's single . Justin Wilson came on and walked Tim Federowicz before striking out Luis Cruz .
ATLANTA -- B. J. Upton is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Upton walked with the bases loaded in the ninth inning to force in the tying run , and the Atlanta Braves rallied for a 6 - 5 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Friday night . The Braves won for only the second time in their last 10 games at Turner Field . Upton 's ninth-inning walk off Sergio Romo ( 3 - 3 ) drove in Reed Johnson , who walked and took third on Jason Heyward 's single . Freeman 's single up the middle drove in Andrelton Simmons . Romo was charged with two runs , one earned , and two hits in one - third of an inning . Craig Kimbrel ( 2 - 1 ) gave up two hits in the ninth to earn the win . The Braves trailed 5 - 2 before B. J. Upton hit a two - run homer off Giants starter Chad Gaudin in the sixth . Dan Uggla walked and Jordan Schafer singled with one out before Jean Machi got Andrelton Simmons to ground into a double play . Minor allowed five runs , four earned , and seven hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out seven . Upton 's second homer gave the Braves a 1 - 0 lead in the second . The Giants took a 3 - 1 lead in the third . Brandon Crawford led off with a single and moved to second on a sacrifice bunt by Chad Gaudin . Crawford advanced to third on a wild pitch and scored on Andres Torres ' double down the right-field line . Tony Abreu 's double drove in Torres , and Hunter Pence 's RBI single made it 3 - 1 . The Braves cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the fourth . Brian McCann led off with a single , stole second and scored on Chris Johnson 's single . The Giants pushed the lead to 5 - 2 in the fifth . Andres Torres singled and scored on Posey 's double . Abreu scored on Hunter Pence 's sacrifice fly . Minor gave up seven hits and five runs , four earned , in six innings .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros have n't had a winning season so far this season . Lucas Harrell pitched into the seventh inning and the Astros held on for a 4 - 3 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Friday night . The Astros won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to a season-high 10 games over .500 . Harrell ( 5 - 7 ) allowed seven hits and three runs with seven strikeouts in 6 2/3 innings to improve to 4 - 0 in his last four starts . Jose Veras pitched the ninth for his 13th save . John Danks ( 1 - 3 ) allowed five hits and four runs with five strikeouts in six innings for the loss . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Alexei Ramirez singled with one out and stole second before Alex Rios drew a one - out walk . Ramirez scored on a single by Paul Konerko to make it 1 - 0 . The Astros tied it in the second when Carlos Pena was hit by a pitch with two outs and scored on a double by Ronny Cedeno . Castro 's homer to the Crawford Boxes in left field made it 2 - 1 in the fourth inning . The Astros added a run in the fifth when Matt Dominguez singled and scored on a double by Barnes to push the lead to 4 - 1 . The White Sox cut the lead to 4 - 3 in the seventh when Conor Gillaspie singled with one out before scoring on a double by Gordon Beckham . Tyler Flowers singled off Paul Clemens to put runners on first and third before Hector Ambriz came in and struck out Jeff Keppinger to end the inning . Alexei Ramirez led off the eighth with a double and advanced to third on Adam Dunn 's groundout to third . Paul Konerko was intentionally walked before Hector Ambriz came in and retired Jeff Keppinger on a fielder 's choice to end the threat .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- Trevor Plouffe has been on the disabled list twice this season . Plouffe had three hits and drove in three runs , leading the Minnesota Twins to a 6 - 3 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Friday night . Plouffe , who had a two - run homer and a double earlier in the game , had three hits and drove in three runs . Mauer 's two - run single off Darin Downs ( 0 - 2 ) gave the Twins a 5 - 2 lead in the sixth inning . Samuel Deduno ( 3 - 1 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings for the win . Glen Perkins pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 18 chances . Darin Downs ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs on five hits and struck out four in 2 1/3 innings for the loss . Jhonny Peralta hit a two - run single in the fourth inning for the Tigers , who have lost five of their last six games . Trevor Plouffe had three hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth that tied the game at 2 . Plouffe led off the sixth with a double and scored on Dozier 's single to put the Twins up 3 - 2 . Chris Parmelee followed with a double , but Brian Dozier popped out to second base to end the inning . The Tigers cut the lead to 6 - 3 in the eighth against Jared Burton . Miguel Cabrera doubled with one out and Prince Fielder hit a grounder to shortstop Pedro Florimon , who threw wildly to the plate for an error that allowed Cabrera to score .
CLEVELAND -- The Washington Nationals are on a roll . Anthony Rendon hit a tiebreaking home run in the ninth inning and the Nationals beat the Cleveland Indians 7 - 6 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight win . The NL East-leading Nationals won for the 10th time in 12 games and moved within one game of first-place Philadelphia in the NL East . The Indians , who have lost six of seven , fell to 1 - 5 on their 10-game homestand . Rendon 's homer in the ninth off Vinnie Pestano ( 1 - 2 ) gave Washington a 7 - 6 lead . Rafael Soriano worked the ninth for his 18th save in 20 chances . Ryan Zimmerman and Jayson Werth hit back-to-back homers in the first for Cleveland , which has lost four of five . Ian Desmond hit a solo homer in the second for Cleveland , which has lost four of five . Ian Desmond and Ryan Zimmerman homered for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Santana and Reynolds hit back-to-back homers in the fourth for Cleveland , which has lost four of five . The Indians scored three times in the fifth to take a 6 - 5 lead . Nick Swisher had an RBI single and Michael Brantley hit a two - run double to put Cleveland up 6 - 5 . Chad Tracy tied it in the eighth with a pinch-hit homer off Joe Smith . It was the Nationals ' first pinch-hit homer of the season .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Kansas City Royals ' offense is finally starting to come alive . Elliot Johnson hit a three - run homer during Kansas City 's eight - run sixth inning , and the Royals beat the Tampa Bay Rays 10 - 1 on Tuesday night . The Royals won for the seventh time in nine games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . Ervin Santana ( 5 - 5 ) allowed an unearned run and five hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Jeremy Hellickson ( 4 - 3 ) gave up eight runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . The Rays have lost five of their last six games . Alex Gordon had an RBI single during Kansas City 's five - run sixth inning , and Eric Hosmer homered for the Royals , who have won four of five . Eric Hosmer added a solo homer off Jake Odorizzi in the seventh for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Tampa Bay scored an unearned run off Santana in the sixth when Jose Molina singled and scored on David Lough 's single . The Royals added a run in the eighth on Lorenzo Cain 's leadoff double and Lough 's RBI single off Jake Odorizzi . The Royals added a run in the eighth on Lorenzo Cain 's leadoff double and Lough 's RBI single . The Rays have lost five of their last six games .
LOS ANGELES -- The Arizona Diamondbacks had a chance to win the game . Martin Prado drove in the go-ahead run with a double in the 12th inning , and the Diamondbacks beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 8 - 6 on Wednesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Diamondbacks won for the fourth time in five games . Ramon Hernandez hit a two - run homer off Heath Bell in the 12th for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Cody Ross doubled to lead off the 12th against Ronald Belisario ( 3 - 5 ) and advanced to third on a single by Miguel Montero . Brandon League came in and gave up an RBI double to Martin Prado before intentionally walking Didi Gregorius to load the bases . Josh Collmenter ( 3 - 0 ) pitched two innings of one - hit relief for the win . The Dodgers closed to 8 - 6 in the bottom of the 12th on Ramon Hernandez 's first homer of the season , but Heath Bell gave up a leadoff homer to Ramon Hernandez and a single to Yasiel Puig before walking Skip Schumaker and Skip Schumaker to load the bases with no outs . Dodgers manager Don Mattingly came out to argue and was ejected for the first time this season . Martin Prado and Didi Gregorius had RBI singles , and Prado scored on Cliff Pennington 's double-play grounder . The Dodgers tied it in the fifth on a run-scoring groundout by Ramon Hernandez and a run-scoring triple by Hyun-Jin Ryu , who had two hits . The Diamondbacks loaded the bases with one out in the sixth on a single by Cody Ross , a walk to Martin Prado and a single by Didi Gregorius . Ryu then struck out Willie Bloomquist to end the inning . The Diamondbacks tied it at 4 in the seventh on Miguel Montero 's RBI single off Chris Withrow .
MIAMI ( AP ) -- Carlos Gomez had a big night at the plate . Gomez had four hits and drove in three runs , and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the Miami Marlins 10 - 1 on Tuesday night . Gomez hit a two - run triple off Edgar Olmos in a four - run sixth inning , and Jean Segura and Jean Segura also homered for the Brewers , who won for the fourth time in five games . Gomez finished with four hits and drove in three runs . Carlos Gomez had four hits and drove in three runs , and Jean Segura and Jean Segura homered for the Brewers . Figaro ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three hits , struck out four and walked none . Kevin Slowey ( 2 - 6 ) gave up six runs , five earned , and nine hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked none . The Marlins fell to 1 - 5 on their homestand . Lucroy hit a three - run triple in the first inning to give the Brewers a 3 - 0 lead . Segura led off the third with his first home run of the season . Carlos Gomez , who had four hits , singled to put runners at second and third with one out . Gennett scored on a sacrifice fly by Aoki to make it 5 - 0 . Gomez led off the fifth with a triple and scored on Lucroy 's sacrifice fly .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- Jean Segura has been one of the most consistent hitters in the majors . Segura scored the winning run on Aramis Ramirez 's single in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Milwaukee Brewers a 5 - 4 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Wednesday night . The Brewers have won five of their last six games , scoring three runs or fewer in seven of their last 10 games . Segura singled with one out in the ninth off Jeremy Horst ( 0 - 2 ) and advanced to third on Ryan Braun 's single . Ramirez then lined a single to left to score Segura . Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . The Brewers tied it at 4 in the seventh on a wild pitch by Phillies starter Cliff Lee that tied it at 4 . The Brewers tied it in the bottom of the inning when Norichika Aoki walked , took third on a wild pitch and scored on Delmon Young 's single to make it 4 - 4 . Erik Kratz followed with a two - run homer to make it 4 - 0 . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when John Mayberry Jr. doubled and scored on Jimmy Rollins ' single . The Phillies made it 4 - 0 in the fourth on an RBI single by Delmon Young and a two - run homer by Kratz . The Brewers cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the fourth on an RBI double by Yuniesky Betancourt and a run-scoring groundout by Alfredo Figaro . Figaro allowed four runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros are finally starting to find a way to win . Matt Dominguez hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning and J. D. Martinez added a two - run shot in the fourth , leading the Astros to an 11 - 7 win over the Baltimore Orioles on Friday night . The Astros have won four of their last five games and are a season-high 10 games over .500 . Keuchel ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings to win his third straight start . He struck out three and walked two . Freddy Garcia ( 2 - 3 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in three - plus innings . Jose Altuve singled with one out in the first before Castro 's homer . Carlos Corporan singled before Pena 's two - run shot to the Crawford Boxes in left field made it 4 - 1 . Gonzalez 's homer made it 5 - 1 in the second inning . Dominguez led off the bottom of the fourth with his second homer of the season to make it 6 - 1 . Altuve added a solo shot in the fourth , and Martinez added a two - run shot later in the inning to make it 9 - 1 . Wieters hit a two - run homer off Travis Blackley in the eighth to make it 6 - 6 . Nate McLouth added a sacrifice fly and Manny Machado had an RBI single before Hector Ambriz came in and got J. J. Hardy to ground into a double play . Wieters hit a two - run homer off Travis Blackley in the eighth to make it 11 - 6 . Jose Veras pitched a scoreless ninth for Houston .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Albert Pujols is n't sure how long he 'll be in the lineup . Pujols hit a tiebreaking two - run homer in the eighth inning , and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Chicago Cubs 4 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Pujols ' homer was his 58th of the season , tying him with Frank Robinson for 16th place on the career list . The Angels ' first three - game winning streak of the season ended Scott Feldman 's bid for his first win of the season . He allowed two runs and six hits in six - plus innings , struck out one and walked one . He was replaced by James Russell after giving up a double to Josh Hamilton and an RBI single to Howie Kendrick in the seventh . Erick Aybar led off the eighth with a single against Carlos Villanueva ( 1 - 4 ) and moved to second on Mike Trout 's flyout to deep center . Pujols then drove a first-pitch fastball into the lower seats in the left-field corner for his ninth homer and a 4 - 3 lead . Robert Coello ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Ernesto Frieri pitched the ninth for his 13th save in 14 chances , striking out Luis Valbuena with runners at second and third to end it . Cubs starter Scott Feldman allowed two runs and six hits in six - plus innings , struck out one and walked one . James Russell pitched a perfect seventh , and James Russell pitched a perfect eighth . The Cubs took a 3 - 1 lead in the third on Alfonso Soriano 's RBI single and Ryan Sweeney 's RBI single . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Valbuena was hit by a pitch with one out and scored on Schierholtz 's two - out single . The Angels tied it in the bottom half when Erick Aybar doubled and scored on Albert Pujols ' sacrifice fly . The Cubs took a 3 - 1 lead in the third on Alfonso Soriano 's RBI single and Sweeney 's RBI single .
NEW YORK -- Mark Teixeira 's first grand slam was a big one . Teixeira hit a grand slam and the New York Yankees beat the Cleveland Indians 7 - 4 Friday night for their fourth straight victory . Teixeira 's third-inning grand slam off Justin Masterson ( 8 - 4 ) gave New York a 4 - 1 lead , and the Yankees took advantage of a wild pitch by Masterson to score four runs in the third . Teixeira 's homer was his first since April 26 . Shawn Kelley ( 3 - 0 ) got the win with 1 1/3 scoreless innings of relief , and Shawn Kelley ( 3 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Justin Masterson ( 8 - 4 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked Ichiro Suzuki leading off the sixth and was replaced by Cody Allen , who struck out Reid Brignac and Reid Brignac . Cody Allen relieved Masterson and got Ichiro Suzuki to fly out , then struck out David Adams to end the inning . Mariano Rivera pitched the ninth for his 20th save in 22 chances . Masterson ( 8 - 4 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out five . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Michael Bourn led off with a single , took second on Mike Aviles ' single and scored on Nick Swisher 's grounder to third baseman Mark Reynolds . The Yankees loaded the bases with no outs in the third on singles by Reid Brignac and Austin Romine and a walk to Brett Gardner . Mike Aviles ' sacrifice fly cut it to 4 - 2 , but Pettitte walked Nick Swisher and Mark Reynolds to load the bases before Shawn Kelley ( 3 - 0 ) got Yan Gomes to fly out .
CHICAGO -- The Arizona Diamondbacks are starting to feel good about themselves . Cody Ross hit a two - run single in a four - run sixth inning and the Diamondbacks beat the Chicago Cubs 8 - 4 on Tuesday night for their ninth win in 12 games . The Diamondbacks won for the seventh time in nine games and improved to 6 - 0 at Wrigley Field this season . Patrick Corbin ( 9 - 0 ) won his fourth straight start , allowing four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Edwin Jackson ( 1 - 8 ) gave up a season-high 12 hits and seven runs -- five earned -- in 5 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . Scott Hairston hit a tying two - run homer with two outs in the fifth for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Didi Gregorius singled with two outs in the sixth and moved to second on Martin Prado 's single . Paul Goldschmidt singled to drive in Gregorius , and Ross ' two - run single made it 7 - 4 . The Diamondbacks added a run in the eighth off Carlos Marmol . Corbin hit Starlin Castro with a pitch , then walked Anthony Rizzo and hit Scott Hairston with a pitch to load the bases . Gerardo Parra followed with a two - run single , and Corbin came home on a wild pitch by Edwin Jackson ( 1 - 8 ) . The Cubs cut it to 3 - 2 in the fourth on a two - out double by Darwin Barney and an RBI single by Jackson . The Diamondbacks made it 4 - 2 in the fifth on a single by Goldschmidt , a single by Kubel and an RBI single by Nieves .
CHICAGO -- Paul Goldschmidt 's first career grand slam was a big one . Goldschmidt hit his first career grand slam and drove in four runs to lead the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 12 - 4 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Goldschmidt hit a 1 - 1 pitch from Carlos Marmol ( 2 - 3 ) over the wall in center for his first career grand slam . Willie Bloomquist led off the eighth with a walk and went to third on Gerardo Parra 's one - out double . Didi Gregorius walked to load the bases , and Goldschmidt hit a 1 - 1 pitch into the bleachers in left for his first career grand slam . Goldschmidt is hitting .332 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last six games . Marmol ( 2 - 3 ) walked Willie Bloomquist to lead off the eighth , then gave up a double to Gerardo Parra . Didi Gregorius walked to load the bases , and Goldschmidt hit a 1 - 1 pitch into the bleachers in left for his first career grand slam . The Diamondbacks added four more runs in the ninth off Cubs reliever Zach Putnam . Ian Kennedy ( 3 - 3 ) gave up four runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Cubs starter Jeff Samardzija struck out a career-high 11 in 6 1/3 innings . He allowed three runs and seven hits . Kubel 's three - run double off James Russell put Arizona ahead 4 - 3 in the seventh . Nate Schierholtz tied it at 4 with a leadoff homer in the seventh off Kennedy . Parra led off the game with a homer to left , his fourth of the season . The Cubs responded with three in the bottom half . David DeJesus led off with a double , Starlin Castro was hit by a pitch and Anthony Rizzo walked to load the bases . Alfonso Soriano followed with a sacrifice fly and Nate Schierholtz followed with a ground-rule double to right . Welington Castillo 's groundout scored Rizzo . The Diamondbacks loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth , but Samardzija struck out Martin Prado to end the inning .
SAN DIEGO -- Chris Denorfia 's first homer of the season was a big one . Denorfia hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the San Diego Padres a 2 - 1 win over the Cincinnati Reds on Wednesday night . The Padres , who have the worst record in the majors , have won six of their last eight games . Yonder Alonso walked to lead off the ninth against Aroldis Chapman ( 3 - 4 ) and scored on Denorfia 's second homer of the season . It was Denorfia 's second homer of the season . Chapman ( 3 - 4 ) was charged with two runs and one hit in his fourth blown save in 25 chances . Luke Gregerson ( 5 - 5 ) pitched the ninth for the win . Chapman ( 3 - 4 ) took the loss . The Reds lost for the fourth time in five games . The Reds scored in the fifth when Derrick Robinson tripled and scored on Cesar Izturis ' fielder 's choice grounder . Jay Bruce doubled to put runners at second and third with one out , but O'Sullivan retired Todd Frazier on a popup and got Devin Mesoraco to ground into a fielder 's choice . Leake allowed four hits and struck out five in seven innings . San Diego starter Sean O'Sullivan gave up one run and five hits in six innings , walking five and striking out one .
MIAMI -- Jose Fernandez had a lot to do with it . Fernandez struck out 13 in eight innings , and the Miami Marlins beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 3 - 2 on Friday night . Fernandez ( 7 - 5 ) allowed two runs and five hits . He did not walk a batter and lowered his ERA to 2.71 , best in the majors . Steve Cishek pitched the ninth for his 22nd save in 23 chances . Stanton hit a solo homer off Gerrit Cole ( 5 - 4 ) in the sixth to put Miami ahead 3 - 2 . Cole ( 5 - 4 ) allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The Pirates have lost five of their past six games . The Pirates scored twice in the second . Pedro Alvarez led off with a single and scored on a double by Russell Martin , who scored on Clint Barmes ' single . The Marlins tied the game in the fourth on an RBI single by Ed Lucas and a sacrifice fly by Donovan Solano . Stanton hit a solo homer in the sixth to put the Marlins ahead 3 - 2 . The Pirates had a chance to tie the game in the eighth , but pinch-hitter Andrew McCutchen popped out and Starling Marte grounded out to end the inning . Steve Cishek pitched the ninth for his 22nd save in 23 chances .
LOS ANGELES -- Yasiel Puig 's first home run with the Los Angeles Dodgers was a big one . Puig homered with two outs in the 11th inning to lift the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 1 - 0 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Wednesday night . Puig hit a drive into the lower seats in the left-field corner with two outs in the 11th inning off Curtis Partch ( 0 - 1 ) for his second homer of the season and the first game-ending hit by a Dodgers player this season . It was Puig 's first game-ending homer since Sept. 22 , 2009 , at Dodger Stadium . Puig homered on a 0 - 1 pitch from Curtis Partch ( 0 - 1 ) with two outs in the 11th to give the Dodgers a 1 - 0 lead . Brandon League ( 6 - 3 ) pitched two perfect innings for the win . Cincinnati 's Tony Cingrani gave up one hit and struck out a career-high 11 in seven shutout innings . Capuano gave up three hits in 6 2/3 innings , struck out four and did n't walk a batter . The Reds were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the sixth time this season . The Dodgers have won five of their last six games . The Reds were shut out for the third time this season and have scored two runs or fewer in six of their last eight games . The Reds were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Reds were shut out for the third time this season and have scored two runs or fewer in six of their last eight games . The Reds were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Reds were shut out for the third time this season and have scored two runs or fewer in six of their last eight games . The Reds were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Reds were shut out for the third time this season and have scored two runs or fewer in six of their last eight games . The Reds were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Reds were shut out for the third time this season and have scored two runs or fewer in six of their last eight games . The Reds were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Reds were shut out for the third time this season and have scored two runs or fewer in six of their last eight games . The Reds were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Reds were shut out for the third time this season and have scored two runs or fewer in six of their last eight games . The Reds were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Reds were shut out for the third time this season and have scored two runs or fewer in six of their last eight games . The Reds were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Reds were shut out for the third time this season and have scored two runs or fewer in six of their last eight games . The Reds were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Reds were shut out for the third time this season and have scored two runs or fewer in six of their last eight games . The Reds were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Reds were shut out for the third time this season and have scored two runs or fewer in six of their last eight games . The Reds were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Reds were shut out for the fifth time this season and have scored one run or fewer in 10 of their last 12 games . The Reds were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Reds were shut out for the fifth time this season and have scored one run or fewer in 10 of their last 12 games . The Reds were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Reds were shut out for the fifth time this season and have scored one run or fewer in 10 of their last 12 games . The Reds were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season . The Reds were shut out for the fifth time this season and have scored one run or fewer in 10 of their last 12 games . The Reds were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the
TORONTO -- Edwin Encarnacion was n't sure what to expect . Encarnacion hit two home runs , including a grand slam , and the Toronto Blue Jays rallied to beat the Houston Astros 12 - 6 on Wednesday night . It was the fourth multihomer game of Encarnacion 's career . Encarnacion hit a three - run homer off Hector Ambriz in a six - run seventh that gave the Blue Jays a 6 - 4 lead . Paul Clemens ( 4 - 4 ) allowed six runs and four hits in one - third of an inning for the loss . The Blue Jays trailed 6 - 4 before Edwin Encarnacion and Adam Lind hit back-to-back homers to begin the seventh and chase Clemens . Brett Cecil ( 4 - 1 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning for the win . Blue Jays starter Jordan Lyles allowed five runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out a season-high eight . Houston starter Jordan Lyles gave up four runs and nine hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out one . Marc Krauss gave the Astros a 2 - 0 lead with a two - run homer in the second , his 18th . Reyes led off the third with a homer to left , his eighth . Melky Cabrera doubled and scored on Jose Bautista 's sacrifice fly . The Astros made it 4 - 2 in the fourth . Brett Wallace led off with a single , J. D. Martinez doubled and Krauss hit a two - run double off the wall in left . The Astros reclaimed the lead in the sixth . Brett Wallace led off with a double , J. D. Martinez singled and Krauss grounded into a double play . Altuve walked with one out in the seventh , stole second and scored on Castro 's single off Dustin McGowan .
MILWAUKEE -- The San Diego Padres had a lot to do with that . The San Diego Padres scored four runs in the seventh inning to beat the Milwaukee Brewers 10 - 8 on Wednesday night . The 10 runs were the most allowed by San Diego in a game this season and the most in the majors . It was the first time the Padres had scored at least 10 runs in a game this season . Edinson Volquez ( 8 - 8 ) gave up three runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . Huston Street pitched the ninth for his 18th save in 20 chances . Yovani Gallardo ( 8 - 9 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . The Padres grabbed a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Everth Cabrera led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on Chase Headley 's single . Carlos Quentin drove in Cabrera with a sacrifice fly . The Padres extended their lead to 4 - 0 in the third on Quentin 's two - run homer and Alexi Amarista 's RBI single . The Padres made it 6 - 0 in the fourth on a two - run single by Yonder Alonso . The Brewers cut the lead to 6 - 3 in the sixth on an RBI single by pinch hitter Logan Schafer off Dale Thayer , but the Brewers answered with three runs in the bottom half . Will Venable led off with a double and scored on Betancourt 's throwing error . Luke Gregerson replaced Vincent and gave up a single to Carlos Gomez and a single to Carlos Gomez that loaded the bases . Joe Thatcher came on and gave up an RBI single to Juan Francisco and an RBI single to Yuniesky Betancourt that made it 10 - 6 . Joe Thatcher came on and got Norichika Aoki to line out to end the inning .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Eric Hosmer 's first home run with the Kansas City Royals was a big one . Hosmer hit his first two home runs of the season and scored the winning run on Alcides Escobar 's ninth-inning double , giving the Kansas City Royals a 4 - 3 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Friday night . Hosmer 's second homer of the game tied it in the eighth , and Hosmer 's second homer of the game tied it in the eighth . David Lough singled with one out in the ninth off Darren O'Day ( 5 - 1 ) and scored on Escobar 's double . Luke Hochevar ( 3 - 1 ) worked a scoreless ninth for the win . Orioles starter Wei-Yin Chen gave up three runs and seven hits in 7 1/3 innings , including a two - run homer by Eric Hosmer that tied it in the eighth . Royals starter Ervin Santana allowed three runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in eight innings . He struck out three and walked two . Eric Hosmer homered twice for the Royals , including a solo shot in the first inning . He also hit a solo homer in the first . Wieters hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Royals a 2 - 1 lead . It was Wieters ' first multihomer game of the season . The Orioles scored a run in the eighth on a single by Brian Roberts , a single by Nate McLouth and an intentional walk to Nick Markakis . Third baseman Manny Machado made a throwing error on Alcides Escobar 's grounder , loading the bases with one out , but Getz grounded into a double play . Santana allowed three runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in eight innings .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Chris Herrmann is making the most of his opportunity . Herrmann hit a grand slam in Minnesota 's five - run 10th inning , and the Minnesota Twins beat the Los Angeles Angels 10 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Herrmann 's homer was his fourth of the season and second in two games after a two - out single in the eighth off Kevin Jepsen . Frieri ( 0 - 2 ) gave up a leadoff single to Jamey Carroll and a single to Justin Morneau before Doumit 's double down the left-field line . Aaron Hicks followed with a single , and Frieri intentionally walked Clete Thomas to load the bases for Herrmann , who drove a 2 - 1 pitch into the rock pile in left-center for his fourth homer of the season . It was Herrmann 's first career grand slam . Glen Perkins ( 2 - 0 ) got J. B. Shuck to ground into an inning-ending double play with the bases loaded in the ninth after walking Alberto Callaspo and giving up a double to Mark Trumbo that put runners at the corners . Josh Roenicke relieved and retired pinch-hitter Trevor Plouffe on a comebacker , then struck out Field on three pitches to end the inning . The Twins took a 3 - 2 lead in the eighth against Kevin Jepsen . Justin Morneau singled with one out and scored on Doumit 's double to right . The Twins tied it in the seventh against Dane De La Rosa . Clete Thomas led off with a single and scored on Doumit 's one - out double to left-center . Trumbo 's homer in the fourth off Kyle Gibson gave the Angels a 2 - 1 lead . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out double by Pedro Florimon and an RBI single by Brian Dozier . Pujols led off the bottom of the fourth with his ninth homer of the season , tying it at 1 . One out later , Trumbo drove a 1 - 0 pitch into the lower seats in the left-field corner .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Minnesota Twins have been in first place in the AL Central since the All-Star break . Samuel Deduno pitched seven strong innings for his first win in more than a month , and the Twins beat the Los Angeles Angels 4 - 3 on Friday night . The Twins won for the seventh time in nine games and moved within one game of first-place Detroit in the AL Central . Deduno ( 6 - 4 ) gave up two runs and four hits , struck out five and walked five . Glen Perkins got the last four outs for his 24th save in 26 attempts , striking out Albert Pujols and Howie Kendrick with runners at the corners to end the ninth . Joe Blanton ( 2 - 13 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 3 2/3 innings , struck out four and walked two . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Howie Kendrick 's sacrifice fly after J. B. Shuck walked and Mike Trout walked . The Twins took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Clete Thomas ' RBI double and Aaron Hicks ' RBI double . The Twins increased their lead to 4 - 2 in the fourth on a solo homer by Clete Thomas and an RBI double by Bernier . The Twins increased their lead to 4 - 2 in the fourth on Thomas ' homer and Doug Bernier 's RBI double . Hank Conger hit a leadoff triple in the seventh , but Deduno struck out Erick Aybar and J. B. Shuck before retiring Mike Trout on a grounder to end the inning . The Angels cut it to 4 - 3 in the eighth against Casey Fien when Howie Kendrick scored on Collin Cowgill 's two - out single .
CINCINNATI -- Jeff Locke had a lot to do with it . Locke pitched one - hit ball for six innings , and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Cincinnati Reds 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Locke ( 9 - 2 ) gave up one hit , struck out six and walked four while improving to 6 - 0 in his last seven starts . The right-hander is 6 - 0 in his last seven starts . Jason Grilli pitched the ninth for his 30th save in 32 chances . The Pirates won for only the second time in their last 10 games at Great American Ball Park , their most wins against any team in the majors . The Reds have lost five of their last six overall . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . Jones hit a solo homer in the second inning off Homer Bailey ( 5 - 9 ) , who struck out a career-high 12 in 6 1/3 innings . He allowed seven hits and three runs with one walk and a season-high 12 strikeouts in 6 1/3 innings . The Reds ' only hit off Locke was a single by Shin-Soo Choo with one out in the fifth . The Pirates broke it open in the seventh . Michael McKenry doubled with one out and scored on Jordy Mercer 's single . Clint Barmes singled and scored on Jose Tabata 's pinch-hit single off J. J. Hoover , who was replaced by J. J. Hoover . The Reds loaded the bases with no outs in the eighth on a walk to Derrick Robinson , a single by Shin-Soo Choo and a walk to Chris Heisey . Votto hit into a double play , cutting it to 3 - 2 . Melancon then got Brandon Phillips to ground out to end the threat .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Matt Harvey was n't sure what to expect . Harvey struck out 10 in seven shutout innings and struck out 10 to lead the New York Mets over the Philadelphia Phillies 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Harvey ( 8 - 2 ) allowed three hits and did n't walk a batter for the fourth time in his last four starts . David Wright and Marlon Byrd hit consecutive homers in the first inning off Cliff Lee ( 10 - 4 ) . Lee ( 10 - 4 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Wright and Byrd hit back-to-back homers in the first inning . Lagares , who hit a two - run homer in the fourth , hit a two - run shot in the bottom half to put New York up 5 - 0 . Lee ( 10 - 4 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Lagares hit a two - out , three - run homer in the fourth for a 5 - 0 lead . Delmon Young doubled with one out in the seventh for the Phillies ' first hit , but Kevin Frandsen grounded out and John Mayberry Jr. lined out to end the inning . Jimmy Rollins hit a two - out single in the eighth , but Scott Atchison retired pinch-hitter Laynce Nix and Michael Young to end the inning . Scott Atchison struck out Chase Utley to start the ninth , but Delmon Young lined out to end the inning . Scott Atchison struck out Chase Utley to start the ninth and got Delmon Young to line out to end the inning . Scott Atchison struck out Chase Utley to start the ninth , and Delmon Young lined out to right to end it . Scott Atchison struck out Chase Utley to start the ninth , but he struck out Domonic Brown and Delmon Young to end the inning . Scott Atchison struck out Chase Utley to start the ninth , and Delmon Young lined out to end the inning . Scott Atchison struck out Chase Utley to start the ninth , and Delmon Young lined out to end the inning . Scott Atchison struck out Chase Utley to start the ninth , and Delmon Young lined out to end the inning . Scott Atchison struck out Chase Utley to start the ninth , and Delmon Young lined out to end the inning . Scott Atchison struck out Chase Utley to start the ninth , and Delmon Young lined out to end the inning . Scott Atchison struck out Chase Utley to start the ninth , and Delmon Young lined out to end the inning . Scott Atchison struck out Chase Utley to start the ninth , and Delmon Young lined out to end the inning . Scott Atchison struck out Chase Utley to start the ninth , and Delmon Young lined out to end the inning . Scott Atchison struck out Chase Utley to start the ninth , but he struck out Domonic Brown and Delmon Young to end the inning . Scott Atchison struck out Chase Utley to start the ninth and retired pinch-hitter Laynce Nix on a grounder to end the inning . Scott Atchison struck out Domonic Brown and Delmon Young to end the inning . Scott Atchison struck out Chase Utley to start the ninth , but he struck out Domonic Brown and Delmon Young to end the inning . Scott Atchison struck out Chase Utley to start the ninth , and Delmon Young lined out to right to end it . Scott Atchison struck out Chase Utley to start the ninth , but he struck out Domonic Brown and Delmon Young to end the inning . Scott Atchison struck out Chase Utley to start the ninth , and Delmon Young lined out to right to end it . Scott Atchison struck out Chase Utley to start the ninth , but he struck out Domonic Brown and Delmon Young to end the inning . Scott Atchison struck out Chase Utley to start the ninth , and Delmon Young lined out to right to end it . Scott Atchison struck out Chase Utley to start the ninth , but he struck out Domonic Brown and Delmon Young to end the inning . Scott Atchison struck out Domonic Brown and Delmon Young to end the inning . Scott Atchison struck out Chase Utley to start the ninth , but he struck out Domonic Brown and Delmon Young to end the inning . Scott Atchison struck out Chase Utley to start the ninth . He fanned Domonic Brown and Delmon Young to end the inning . Jimmy Rollins hit a two - out single in the eighth , but Scott Atchison retired pinch-hitter Laynce Nix and Michael Young to end the inning . Scott Atchison struck out Domonic Brown and Delmon Young to end the ninth . Scott Atchison struck out Chase Utley to start the ninth . He fanned Domonic Brown and Delmon Young to end the inning . Scott Atchison struck out Domonic Brown and Delmon Young to end the inning . Scott Atchison struck out Domonic Brown and Delmon Young to end the inning . Scott Atchison struck out Domonic Brown and Delmon Young to end the inning . Scott Atchison struck out Domonic Brown and Delmon Young to end the inning . Scott Atchison struck out Domonic Brown and Delmon Young to end the inning . Scott Atchison struck out Chase Utley to start the ninth ,
ARLINGTON , Baltimore ( AP ) -- The Baltimore Orioles have been in first place in the AL East since the All-Star break . Texas reliever Cory Burns intentionally walked Chris Davis to load the bases with two outs in the top of the ninth , then got Matt Wieters to pop up to end the game . The Orioles , who had lost five of their previous six games , have won six of their last seven games . Chris Tillman ( 12 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in eight innings , striking out seven and walking three . Brian Matusz got the last out of the ninth , and Darren O'Day got the last two outs for his second save in three chances . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . Martin Perez ( 3 - 3 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Orioles scored in the second when Chris Davis led off with a double and scored on Wieters ' single . Hardy 's RBI double made it 3 - 0 in the third . Ian Kinsler had an RBI single in the fifth for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Ian Kinsler had an RBI single in the fifth for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . The Rangers had a chance to score in the seventh when Elvis Andrus drew a one - out walk , but David Murphy lined into a double play to end the inning . The Rangers had a chance to score in the seventh when Elvis Andrus drew a one - out walk , but David Murphy lined into a double play .
TORONTO -- The Tampa Bay Rays are on their longest winning streak of the season . Pinch-hitter Sean Rodriguez singled home the go-ahead run in the ninth inning and the Rays beat the Toronto Blue Jays 8 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Rays won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 1 on their 10-game road trip . David Price ( 4 - 5 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in seven innings to win for the first time in four starts . He walked one and struck out five . Evan Longoria and Kelly Johnson homered for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Kelly Johnson led off the eighth with a single off Brett Cecil ( 3 - 1 ) and advanced to second on Rodriguez 's sacrifice bunt . Steve Delabar replaced Cecil and retired Jose Molina on a liner to center before Roberts drove in Johnson with a two - out single to right . Roberts advanced to third on a wild pitch and scored on Desmond Jennings ' double . Brett Lawrie hit a solo homer off Jake McGee in the ninth , but the Blue Jays lost for the fourth time in five games . Blue Jays right-hander Esmil Rogers allowed four runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked none and struck out four . Encarnacion opened the scoring with a two - out homer to left in the first , his 18th . Zobrist tied it in the third when he tied it with a one - out drive to left , his eighth . The Blue Jays made it 4 - 1 in the third when Arencibia led off with a homer to left , his fourth . Jose Reyes singled and stole second before Bautista hit a two - run homer to left , his eighth . Longoria led off the sixth with a homer to left , his fourth , but Johnson tied it with a two - out drive to left , his eighth .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- The way Ervin Santana has been pitching lately , it was n't easy . Santana pitched two - hit ball for 7 1/3 innings and the Kansas City Royals beat the Detroit Tigers 1 - 0 on Wednesday night . Santana ( 6 - 6 ) struck out six and walked one , throwing 62 of his 106 pitches for strikes . Greg Holland worked a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in 26 opportunities . Anibal Sanchez ( 7 - 7 ) gave up one run on four hits and five walks in six - plus innings . The Tigers have lost five of their last six games . Alex Gordon singled to lead off the bottom of the first , stole second and scored on Billy Butler 's single . Lorenzo Cain led off the Royals second with a single and advanced to third on a sacrifice bunt by Alcides Escobar . But Sanchez retired Alex Gordon on a grounder to end the inning . The Royals loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth , but Sanchez struck out Alcides Escobar on a 3 - 2 pitch to end the inning . The Royals loaded the bases with one out in the sixth on a single by Billy Butler , a walk to Mike Moustakas and a two - out walk to David Lough . Sanchez then struck out Alcides Escobar on a 3 - 2 pitch to end the inning . The Tigers , who have lost five of their last six games , were held to one run or less for the 10th time this season . The Royals , who have the worst record in the American League , have won seven of their last 10 games . They have won six of their last seven overall .
PHOENIX -- Wily Peralta has been one of the best pitchers in the majors . Peralta won for the first time in more than a month and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 5 - 1 on Wednesday night . Peralta ( 7 - 9 ) gave up one run and seven hits in seven innings , striking out eight and walking two . The Brewers scored three runs in the first off Ian Kennedy ( 3 - 6 ) on a two - run single by Carlos Gomez and a run-scoring groundout by Martin Maldonado . Kennedy ( 3 - 6 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Brewers jumped on Kennedy for three runs in the first inning . Norichika Aoki and Logan Schafer singled , Jean Segura singled to load the bases and Gomez lined a two - run single to right . Segura scored on Martin Maldonado 's groundout . The Brewers made it 4 - 0 in the second when Jeff Bianchi singled , took second on a sacrifice bunt by Wily Peralta and scored on Schafer 's sacrifice bunt . Schafer led off the fifth with his second home run of the season , and Jean Segura followed with a single to put runners at first and second with one out . But Kennedy got out of it by striking out Juan Francisco and getting Martin Maldonado to ground out to end the inning . Montero led off the fifth with a homer to left , his eighth of the season and second in two games . Montero led off the bottom of the fifth with a homer to left , his eighth of the season , to make it 5 - 1 . Michael Gonzalez got two outs in the eighth , and Jim Henderson finished the eight - hitter .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- The Minnesota Twins finally found a way to win . Aaron Hicks hit a three - run homer , Aaron Hicks added a three - run shot and the Twins beat the New York Yankees 10 - 4 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Twins , who have won six of their last seven games , moved within one game of first-place Detroit in the AL Central . Kyle Gibson ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out one . CC Sabathia ( 9 - 8 ) gave up eight runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in four - plus innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Twins took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Jamey Carroll 's RBI single and Pedro Florimon 's RBI single . Morneau doubled with one out in the third and scored on Robinson Cano 's single . The Yankees made it 5 - 0 in the third on an RBI single by Robinson Cano , but Vernon Wells lined into a double play with runners at the corners to end the inning . The Twins made it 8 - 1 in the fourth . Jamey Carroll drew a leadoff walk and took third on a double by Brian Dozier . Chris Stewart drove in a run with a fielder 's choice and Ichiro Suzuki drove in a run with a fielder 's choice . Jared Burton relieved Thielbar and got Vernon Wells to ground into a fielder 's choice to end the threat . The Twins added a run in the ninth against Joba Chamberlain . Trevor Plouffe scored from third on a wild pitch by Joba Chamberlain .
NEW YORK -- The Minnesota Twins have been in first place in the AL Central since the All-Star break . Ryan Doumit hit a tiebreaking homer in the seventh inning , and the Twins beat the New York Yankees 4 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Twins have won six of their last seven games . Pedro Florimon hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Twins , who have won four of five . Samuel Deduno ( 5 - 4 ) gave up one run and six hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out three . Glen Perkins pitched the ninth for his 21st save in 23 chances . Phil Hughes ( 4 - 9 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out 10 and walked one . Ichiro Suzuki hit a one - out double in the first and scored on Robinson Cano 's single . Trevor Plouffe hit a solo homer in the second for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Doumit hit his fourth homer of the season in the seventh to give the Twins a 2 - 1 lead . Aaron Hicks led off the eighth with a single and scored on Florimon 's homer . Pinch-hitter Travis Hafner doubled with one out in the seventh for the Yankees ' first hit . Nunez advanced to third on Austin Romine 's groundout and scored on Gardner 's grounder to third .
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) -- The Boston Red Sox are on a roll . Dustin Pedroia drove in two runs with a two - out single in the eighth inning and the Red Sox beat the Oakland Athletics 4 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Red Sox won for the seventh time in nine games and moved two games over .500 for the first time this season . John Lackey ( 7 - 6 ) allowed two runs and three hits in seven innings , striking out five and walking four . Sean Doolittle ( 3 - 3 ) gave up a leadoff single to Jose Iglesias in the eighth and was replaced by Ryan Cook , who hit Shane Victorino with a pitch to load the bases . Pedroia followed with a two - run single off Ryan Cook to make it 4 - 2 . Koji Uehara struck out the side in the ninth for his eighth save in 10 chances . A 's starter Jarrod Parker gave up two runs and three hits in seven innings , struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time in six starts . Jed Lowrie hit a tying solo homer in the sixth for the A 's , who lost for the fourth time in five games . Brock Holt hit a two - run single in the second and Brock Holt added a two - run single in the second for the Red Sox , who have won six of their last seven games . The A 's scored their first run in the fifth when Seth Smith led off with a double and scored on John Jaso 's single . The A 's made it 2 - 1 in the fifth when Seth Smith doubled and scored on John Jaso 's single . Lowrie led off the sixth with his seventh home run of the season to tie it at 2 .
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- Raul Ibanez is making the most of his opportunity . Ibanez homered twice and drove in three runs to lead the Seattle Mariners to an 8 - 3 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Ibanez has been on a tear since returning from the disabled list on June 8 . He has been one of the few bright spots in the batting order , and he 's been on the disabled list twice this season . The Mariners have won four of their last five games . Joe Saunders ( 8 - 8 ) gave up five hits and struck out five in seven innings . Jerome Williams ( 5 - 5 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings . The Mariners scored six runs in the fourth off Garrett Richards . Ibanez and Morales hit back-to-back homers off Garrett Richards in the seventh to make it 8 - 0 . The Angels scored three runs in the eighth off Danny Farquhar , who was making his major league debut . Erick Aybar led off with a single and scored on Mike Trout 's triple into the right-field corner . Albert Pujols followed with an RBI single , and Mark Trumbo drove in another run with a groundout . Ibanez hit a solo homer in the bottom of the first to give the Mariners a 2 - 0 lead . Michael Saunders scored on Ibanez 's double . Seager led off the bottom of the second with his 14th home run of the season . The Mariners added four runs in the fourth . Ibanez led off the inning with his 16th homer , Kendrys Morales singled and Kyle Seager walked before Mike Zunino and Dustin Ackley delivered RBI singles .
PITTSBURGH -- Pittsburgh Pirates manager Clint Hurdle is n't worried about his team 's offense . Jordy Mercer drove in Andrew McCutchen with a two - out single in the 11th inning to lift the Pirates to a 3 - 2 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . The Pirates won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 5 - 1 on their nine - game road trip . Starling Marte led off the bottom of the ninth with a double off Gonzalez ( 0 - 1 ) and stole second . Russell Martin was intentionally walked to bring up Mercer , who hit a 1 - 1 pitch from Greg Burke over the head of pinch hitter Gaby Sanchez . The Pirates won their fourth in a row and sixth in seven games . Vin Mazzaro ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless 11th for the win . Josh Edgin pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings to get the win . Andrew McCutchen led off the 11th with a walk against Gonzalez Germen ( 0 - 1 ) and struck out Pedro Alvarez . After Russell Martin was intentionally walked , Mercer lined a single to right . Vin Mazzaro ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect 11th for the win . Starling Marte led off the bottom of the ninth with a double off David Aardsma and moved to third on Jose Tabata 's sacrifice bunt . After Andrew McCutchen was intentionally walked , Greg Burke walked Russell Martin to load the bases before Gaby Sanchez grounded out to end the inning . The Mets ' Kirk Nieuwenhuis hit his first home run of the season in the seventh to tie it at 2 . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Jose Tabata hit a one - out single and scored on Alvarez 's two - out homer . Jose Tabata singled with one out in the bottom of the first and scored on Alvarez 's two - out homer . Young Jr. doubled with one out in the sixth and scored on Wright 's single to right . Nieuwenhuis tied it in the seventh with his fourth home run of the season and second in two days .
BALTIMORE -- For the first time in more than two months , the Baltimore Orioles are starting to show signs of life . Adam Jones homered and drove in three runs , and the Orioles beat the Toronto Blue Jays 8 - 5 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . The Orioles have won six of their last seven games . Chris Tillman ( 11 - 3 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in six innings to win his fourth straight start . Jim Johnson got the final out in the ninth for his 32nd save . Mark Buehrle ( 5 - 6 ) gave up eight runs and nine hits in six - plus innings , dropping to 0 - 3 in his last four starts . J. P. Arencibia hit a two - run homer and Adam Lind added a two - run double for the Blue Jays , who have lost five of six . Davis hit a two - run homer in the second inning to put Baltimore up 2 - 0 . Encarnacion hit his 23rd homer in the third , and Jose Reyes had three hits for the Blue Jays . Jones hit a three - run drive in the third to put Toronto up 5 - 3 , but the Orioles went up 5 - 3 in the bottom half . Jones hit a three - run drive in the bottom half to put Toronto up 5 - 3 . The Blue Jays made it 5 - 3 in the fifth when Munenori Kawasaki walked , took second on a single by Jose Reyes and scored on a double by Encarnacion . Hardy hit a three - run drive in the sixth to make it 8 - 3 .
CLEVELAND -- Danny Salazar is making the most of his opportunity . Salazar allowed two hits over six innings in his first start of the season and the Cleveland Indians beat the Toronto Blue Jays 4 - 2 on Wednesday night . Salazar ( 1 - 0 ) struck out seven , walked one and allowed two hits in his first start of the season . Lonnie Chisenhall had an RBI single in the sixth for Cleveland , which has won four of five . Carlos Santana hit an RBI triple off Darren Oliver in the eighth for Toronto . Chris Perez gave up a run in the ninth but held on for his 11th save in 12 chances . Dickey ( 8 - 10 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits over six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Cabrera 's homer put Cleveland ahead 1 - 0 in the first . Josh Thole led off the sixth with a single and moved to second on Munenori Kawasaki 's sacrifice . Jose Reyes lined out to center , but Bautista was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . The Indians loaded the bases with one out in the sixth on a single by Josh Thole , a walk to Ryan Raburn and a one - out walk to Mark Reynolds . Lonnie Chisenhall followed with an RBI single to left , but Dickey struck out Yan Gomes and Michael Bourn to end the inning . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with one out in the sixth on a single by Adam Lind , a walk to Ryan Raburn and a one - out walk to Mark Reynolds . Maicer Izturis grounded out to end the inning . Santana 's triple made it 4 - 1 in the eighth .
DETROIT -- Josh Phegley 's first grand slam was a big one . Phegley hit a grand slam in the sixth inning to lead the Chicago White Sox to a 6 - 3 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Phegley 's homer came after Jeff Keppinger reached on an error by center fielder Austin Jackson , who was making his first start of the season . Phegley 's homer was his fourth of the season and second grand slam of the season . Phegley 's grand slam came in the sixth inning . De Aza added a solo homer off Phil Coke in the eighth . Sale ( 6 - 8 ) allowed three runs and 10 hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Addison Reed pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in 28 chances . Anibal Sanchez ( 7 - 6 ) allowed five runs -- four earned -- and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Alejandro De Aza led off with a single and scored on Ramirez 's double . The Tigers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Prince Fielder 's single and a two - run homer by Tuiasosopo . Miguel Cabrera hit a solo homer in the fifth to give Detroit a 3 - 1 lead .
MILWAUKEE -- Mike Leake was n't going to let the game get away . Leake pitched 8 1/3 solid innings and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Milwaukee Brewers 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Leake ( 8 - 4 ) gave up two runs and four hits , walking four and striking out two . The Reds won for the fifth time in six games and improved to 5 - 0 at Miller Park since the start of the 2008 season . The Brewers have lost five of six . Johnny Hellweg ( 0 - 3 ) gave up four runs and four hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out one . Shin-Soo Choo led off the game with a double and scored on Brandon Phillips ' two - out single . The Reds took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Devin Mesoraco . The Reds added a run in the third on a walk to Shin-Soo Choo , a double by Votto and an RBI groundout by Brandon Phillips . The Reds added a run in the fifth when Zack Cozart walked , took second on a walk and scored on a groundout by Jay Bruce . Sean Halton led off the Milwaukee fifth with his first home run of the season , a solo shot that made it 4 - 2 . The Reds added two runs in the seventh off reliever Donovan Hand . Shin-Soo Choo singled and scored on Phillips ' single to make it 5 - 2 . Jay Bruce followed with an RBI single to make it 6 - 2 .
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- The Boston Red Sox finally found a way to win . Pinch hitter Mike Carp had an RBI single in the ninth inning , and the Red Sox beat the Seattle Mariners 11 - 4 on Wednesday night . The Red Sox have won four of their last five games . Felix Doubront ( 6 - 3 ) gave up one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . Aaron Harang ( 4 - 8 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out none . The Red Sox scored two runs in the second on a sacrifice fly by Jarrod Saltalamacchia and a sacrifice fly by Jose Iglesias . Ortiz hit a two - run homer in the third off Seattle starter Aaron Harang ( 4 - 8 ) , who allowed seven runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . The Red Sox added a run in the fourth on a double by Jacoby Ellsbury and an RBI single by Shane Victorino . The Red Sox added three runs in the sixth . Jarrod Saltalamacchia and Jose Iglesias started the inning with singles , and Lucas Luetge came in and gave up an RBI single to Jacoby Ellsbury . Shane Victorino followed with an RBI single to make it 8 - 0 . Henry Blanco 's RBI single made it 9 - 1 in the seventh . The Mariners added three runs in the eighth off Brandon Workman . Daniel Nava walked and Jarrod Saltalamacchia walked before Jose Iglesias flew out to deep center . Wilhelmsen 's wild pitch allowed Nava to score and Mike Carp 's RBI single made it 9 - 4 . The Red Sox added two runs in the ninth off Tom Wilhelmsen , who gave up a pair of runs on a wild pitch and Mike Carp 's RBI single .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- A. J. Pierzynski and the rest of the Texas Rangers ' lineup looked pretty good . A. J. Pierzynski hit a three - run homer in the first inning , and the Rangers beat the Houston Astros 5 - 4 on Wednesday night to avoid a three - game sweep . Pierzynski hit a two - run homer in the first off Erik Bedard ( 3 - 5 ) , who allowed five runs , four earned , and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked five . Pierzynski 's homer was his fourth of the season and second in two games . Marc Krauss hit a two - run homer in the second for Houston , and J. D. Martinez had three hits and an RBI for the Astros . Ian Kinsler led off the Rangers ' fifth with a single and scored on Cruz 's single . Joe Nathan worked a perfect ninth for his 29th save in 30 chances . Erik Bedard ( 3 - 5 ) gave up five runs , four earned , and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out four . Pierzynski hit a three - run homer in the first for the Rangers , who have won six of their last seven games . Marc Krauss hit a two - run homer in the second for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Beltre hit a solo homer in the third to make it 4 - 2 . The Astros had the bases loaded with no outs in the fifth , but Burns got Jose Altuve to pop out and struck out Brett Wallace .
TORONTO ( AP ) -- The way Mark Buehrle has been pitching lately , he 's still finding his groove . Buehrle pitched seven shutout innings to win for the first time in three starts , and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Minnesota Twins 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Buehrle ( 5 - 5 ) allowed six hits , walked none and struck out five . Jose Reyes hit a two - run double in the fourth and scored on Jose Bautista 's single . Kevin Correia ( 6 - 6 ) allowed four runs and a season-high 10 hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Twins lost for the fifth time in six games . Bautista put the Blue Jays in front 1 - 0 with a one - out drive to left in the third , his 11th . The Blue Jays made it 4 - 0 in the fourth when Maicer Izturis drew a leadoff walk , Arencibia walked and Reyes hit a two - run double . Jose Bautista followed with an RBI single . The Twins did n't get a runner to second base until Oswaldo Arcia 's leadoff single in the fifth , but Dozier was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . The Twins had runners at first and second with one out in the seventh , but Buehrle got Ryan Doumit to pop out and got Justin Morneau to ground out . Brett Cecil worked the eighth and Brett Cecil worked the ninth to complete the seven - hitter . Oswaldo Arcia and Chris Parmelee had two hits apiece for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Dustin McGowan worked the ninth for Toronto .
PHILADELPHIA -- Cliff Lee was n't going to let a five - run lead slip away . Lee allowed four runs in 6 1/3 innings and the Philadelphia Phillies held on for a 5 - 4 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Friday night . Dan Uggla hit a three - run homer in the seventh to help Lee ( 10 - 2 ) win his fourth straight start . The left-hander gave up four runs and eight hits , striking out four . Lee has n't allowed more than two earned runs in any of his last six starts . The Braves scored three runs in the seventh to cut it to 5 - 4 , but the Braves could n't get anything going against Lee . Jonathan Papelbon pitched a scoreless ninth for his 18th save in 20 chances . Paul Maholm ( 9 - 7 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in six innings . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Chase Utley hit a one - out double and scored when Ryan Howard reached on a fielding error by first baseman Freddie Freeman . Quintero gave the Phillies a 3 - 0 lead in the second when Delmon Young hit a one - out double and scored on Quintero 's homer to right . Howard made it 4 - 0 in the third with a two - out homer to right . Howard 's homer to left in the third gave the Phillies a 4 - 0 lead . It was his eighth homer of the season and second in two games . Howard made it 4 - 0 in the third with a two - out homer to right . Young singled with one out in the sixth and scored on Quintero 's two - out double .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) -- Juan Uribe is making the most of his opportunity . Uribe hit a three - run homer and drove in a career-high seven runs , leading the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 10 - 2 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Friday night . Uribe , who had a two - run double among his three hits , also drove in a run with a bases-loaded triple . The Dodgers scored eight runs in the third inning against Matt Cain ( 5 - 5 ) , including a three - run triple by Juan Uribe . Uribe hit a two - run homer off Mike Kickham in the seventh to give the Dodgers a 10 - 1 lead . Hyun-Jin Ryu ( 7 - 3 ) gave up two runs and four hits in 6 2/3 innings to win his third straight start . Matt Cain ( 5 - 5 ) gave up eight runs and six hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out one . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . Dodgers center fielder Matt Kemp left the game in the second inning with a strained left hamstring after getting hit by a pitch from Cain . X-rays were negative and Kemp is day to day . Puig doubled and scored on Ramirez 's single in the third for the Dodgers ' first run . Andres Torres singled leading off the bottom of the first , Marco Scutaro walked and Buster Posey walked to load the bases . Torres scored on a fielder 's choice by Hunter Pence to make it 2 - 1 . The Dodgers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Uribe 's two - run double with the bases loaded .
ST. LOUIS -- Jake Westbrook has been one of the best pitchers in the National League . Westbrook allowed three hits in seven strong innings to lead the St. Louis Cardinals to a 4 - 1 victory over the Miami Marlins on Friday night . Westbrook ( 5 - 3 ) gave up three hits , struck out none and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Cardinals scored four runs in the third off Jacob Turner ( 2 - 1 ) , who had won his previous two starts . Edward Mujica pitched a perfect ninth for his 22nd save in 23 chances . Jacob Turner ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Matt Holliday doubled and scored on Allen Craig 's double . Logan Morrison tied it in the second with a leadoff homer for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . The Cardinals took a 4 - 1 lead in the third on a run-scoring double by Matt Holliday and a sacrifice fly by Allen Craig . Adeiny Hechavarria led off the fifth with a single and Jeff Mathis reached on second baseman Matt Carpenter 's fielding error , but Jacob Turner grounded into a double play and Justin Ruggiano grounded out to end the inning . Adeiny Hechavarria led off the fifth with a single , but Westbrook got Jeff Mathis to hit into a double play and Justin Ruggiano grounded out to end the inning . The Marlins have lost four of five .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Francisco Liriano was n't going to let the game slip away . Liriano pitched a four - hitter for his first career complete game and drove in a run to lead the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 6 - 2 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Liriano ( 8 - 3 ) struck out seven and walked four in his fourth complete game of the season and second this season . He also had an RBI single . Pirates manager Clint Hurdle was impressed with Liriano 's performance . Liriano ( 8 - 3 ) struck out seven and walked four in his second complete game of the season and second complete game . He also drove in a run with a single in the ninth . Jeff Samardzija ( 5 - 8 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in six innings . He walked five and struck out three . Russell Martin doubled with one out in the second and scored on a single by Francisco Liriano . Scott Hairston put the Cubs ahead 2 - 1 with a two - run homer in the second . The Pirates took a 3 - 2 lead in the third . Starling Marte led off with a single , stole second and scored on Neil Walker 's triple into the right-field corner . Samardzija walked Andrew McCutchen and gave up an RBI single to Garrett Jones . The Pirates added a run in the fifth when Garrett Jones tripled and scored on Jose Tabata 's single . The Pirates added a run in the eighth against Hector Rondon . Starling Marte led off with a single , stole second and scored on McCutchen 's groundout .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals ' offense finally woke up . Salvador Perez hit a go-ahead , three - run double in the eighth inning and the Royals rallied to beat the Cleveland Indians 10 - 7 on Wednesday night . Lorenzo Cain hit a grand slam and George Kottaras also went deep for the Royals , who have won six of their last seven games . The Royals loaded the bases with no outs in the eighth against Bryan Shaw ( 0 - 2 ) , who walked George Kottaras to start the inning . Rich Hill relieved and hit Johnny Giavotella with a pitch to start the inning . Rich Hill came in to face Hosmer , who drove a 3 - 2 pitch into the Royals ' bullpen in left field to tie it at 7 . Lorenzo Cain hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Greg Holland worked the ninth for his 19th save in 20 opportunities . Eric Hosmer walked to lead off the bottom of the sixth , Billy Butler walked and Mike Moustakas reached on an error by second baseman Lonnie Chisenhall , loading the bases . Aaron Crow replaced Gutierrez and gave up a two - run double to Carlos Santana that put the Indians up 7 - 5 . Eric Hosmer hit a two - run homer off Joe Smith in the seventh to tie it at 7 . Michael Brantley 's RBI single in the first inning gave Cleveland a 1 - 0 lead . Mike Aviles led off the Indians ' first with a double and scored on Brantley 's single . The Indians finally broke through in the sixth . Carlos Santana led off the inning with a single and Hosmer followed with a home run to right . The Indians added a run in the sixth on Santana 's single and Stubbs ' two - run single off Juan Gutierrez .
PITTSBURGH -- The Philadelphia Phillies are on their longest winning streak of the season . Carlos Ruiz hit a two - run single during Philadelphia 's four - run sixth inning , Cole Hamels pitched seven strong innings and the Phillies rallied to beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 6 - 4 on Wednesday night . The Phillies won for only the second time in their last 11 road games . Hamels ( 3 - 11 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and five hits with eight strikeouts and no walks . Jonathan Papelbon worked around a one - out single by Pedro Alvarez in the ninth for his 17th save in 20 opportunities . Gerrit Cole ( 4 - 1 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings , striking out five and walking one . Jonathan Papelbon worked around a one - out single by Pedro Alvarez in the ninth for his 17th save in 20 opportunities . Cole ( 4 - 1 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings , striking out five and walking one . Cole Hamels ( 3 - 11 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and five hits in seven innings , striking out eight without walking a batter . Jonathan Papelbon worked the ninth for his 17th save in 20 opportunities . Gerrit Cole ( 4 - 1 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings , striking out five and walking one . Jonathan Papelbon worked the ninth for his 17th save in 20 opportunities . Delmon Young led off the eighth with a single and Kevin Frandsen was hit by a pitch from Ryan Reid . Both runners advanced on Carlos Ruiz 's sacrifice , and Michael Young 's sacrifice fly made it 6 - 2 . The Pirates scored twice in the eighth off reliever Justin De Fratus on a single by Garrett Jones and a run-scoring double by pinch-hitter Garrett Jones . McCutchen 's two - out , two - run single in the third off Gerrit Cole ( 4 - 1 ) gave the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead . The Phillies got two runs in the fifth when Carlos Ruiz singled with one out and scored on Ben Revere 's single . The Phillies scored in the fifth when Carlos Ruiz singled with one out and scored on Revere 's single .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- The New York Mets are starting to show signs of life . Eric Young Jr. hit a two - run double during a seven - run seventh inning and the Mets beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 9 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight victory . The Mets won for the seventh time in nine games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . Jeremy Hefner ( 3 - 6 ) gave up one run and four hits in seven innings , striking out six and walking two . Patrick Corbin ( 9 - 1 ) gave up five runs and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . Martin Prado had three hits for the Diamondbacks , including a tying homer in the seventh off Hefner . The Mets broke it open in the seventh . David Wright led off with a single and Marlon Byrd followed with a double off Brad Ziegler . Omar Quintanilla followed with a two - run single off Chaz Roe . Omar Quintanilla had three RBIs for New York , including a two - run double in the fifth that gave the Mets a 5 - 1 lead . Recker hit a two - out homer in the fifth to give New York a 1 - 0 lead . The Mets added a run in the eighth on Omar Quintanilla 's RBI single off Chaz Roe . Kubel drew a one - out walk in the ninth and Martin Prado singled with one out before Eric Chavez popped up to end it .
WASHINGTON -- The New York Mets finally found a way to win . Zack Wheeler pitched into the third inning , Juan Lagares drove in two runs and the Mets beat the Washington Nationals 11 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Mets won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 5 - 0 at home this season . Wheeler ( 7 - 3 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings , walking one and striking out three . Dan Haren ( 8 - 12 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 2 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . Quintanilla 's two - run double in the second inning gave New York a 2 - 0 lead . The Mets batted around in the third , when they sent 13 men to the plate and scored six runs on four hits and a walk . Murphy singled home a run , Ike Davis hit a sacrifice fly and Ian Desmond had a two - run single . The Nationals added three runs in the sixth . Anthony Rendon was hit by a pitch from Ryan Mattheus and went to third on Denard Span 's single . Jayson Werth hit a sacrifice fly and Ian Desmond added an RBI single to make it 8 - 2 . The Mets added three runs in the eighth off Ryan Mattheus . Jhonatan Solano and Steve Lombardozzi started the inning with singles off Ryan Mattheus . Murphy followed with an RBI double and scored on Lagares ' single . The Nationals added a run in the bottom of the ninth on a single by Jhonatan Solano and a bunt single by Chad Tracy . Jayson Werth 's sacrifice fly scored Rendon and Ian Desmond 's RBI single made it 8 - 2 .
PITTSBURGH -- Francisco Liriano is making a strong bid to become the National League 's first 15-game winner . Liriano allowed two hits over eight shutout innings , and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the St. Louis Cardinals 5 - 0 on Wednesday night . Liriano ( 15 - 6 ) struck out six and walked two while throwing 59 of his 95 pitches for strikes . Mark Melancon worked around two singles in the ninth , getting Yadier Molina to ground into a game-ending double play . Garrett Jones had three hits and drove in four runs for the Pirates , including a two - run homer in the fourth . Shelby Miller ( 12 - 9 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . Jones hit a two - run double in the first inning to give the Pirates a 2 - 0 lead . Jones and Martin hit back-to-back homers in the fourth to make it 4 - 0 . Marlon Byrd doubled with one out in the fifth and scored on Jones ' single to make it 5 - 0 . Garrett Jones hit a two - run double in the first for St. Louis . Jose Tabata and Neil Walker had two hits apiece for the Pirates , who have won four of five . The Cardinals had a chance to add to their lead in the eighth , but pinch-hitter Kolten Wong grounded out to second and Matt Carpenter grounded out . Mark Melancon worked around two singles in the ninth for his ninth save .
ATLANTA -- Brian McCann was n't sure if he 'd ever hit a home run . McCann hit a three - run homer to help the Atlanta Braves beat the Cleveland Indians 3 - 1 on Wednesday night . McCann 's third-inning homer gave Atlanta a 3 - 0 lead . McCann 's homer was his 11th of the season . Medlen ( 11 - 12 ) gave up six hits and no walks in seven innings . He struck out six . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth for his 43rd save . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 9 - 9 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out 10 and did n't walk a batter . Andrelton Simmons led off the third with a double and moved to third on Justin Upton 's two - out single . McCann then drove a 1 - 1 pitch into the seats in left field for his 12th homer . The Indians cut the lead to 3 - 1 in the eighth on a pinch-hit homer by pinch-hitter Lonnie Chisenhall . Lonnie Chisenhall 's pinch-hit homer off David Carpenter cut the lead to 3 - 1 in the eighth . The Indians have lost four straight and six of seven . The Braves have won six of their last seven games .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Cole Hamels had a lot to do with it . Hamels pitched seven effective innings and drove in two runs , leading the Philadelphia Phillies to a 6 - 2 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Hamels ( 6 - 13 ) gave up two runs and nine hits , striking out eight and walking one . He also drove in a run with a sacrifice fly . Cole Hamels had a two - run single during a four - run fifth against Daisuke Matsuzaka ( 0 - 2 ) , and the Phillies won for the seventh time in nine games . Matsuzaka ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . The Phillies took a 4 - 1 lead in the fifth . Carlos Ruiz and Michael Young hit consecutive one - out singles before John Mayberry Jr. was hit by a pitch with the bases loaded , forcing in a run . Hamels added a two - run single off Robert Carson . Ruiz connected off Robert Carson in the sixth for his sixth homer of the season . The Mets got an unearned run in the seventh when pinch hitter Daniel Murphy singled and scored on Andrew Brown 's two - out double . Hamels struck out Ike Davis to end the inning . The Phillies made it 6 - 2 in the ninth when pinch hitter John McDonald reached on an error by second baseman Wilmer Flores and took second on John Mayberry Jr. 's groundout . After a single by Darin Ruf , Kevin Frandsen hit an RBI grounder to shortstop Jimmy Rollins , who threw wildly to the plate for an error , allowing McDonald to score . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Pete Orr singled , took second on Hamels ' sacrifice bunt and scored on Rollins ' two - out double . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Matsuzaka led off with a single , stole second and scored on Ike Davis ' two - out single . Pete Orr led off the fourth with a single , moved up on Hamels ' sacrifice and scored on Rollins ' double to right-center .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- The Cleveland Indians have been waiting all season to celebrate . Drew Stubbs and Nick Swisher hit consecutive RBI singles in the eighth inning , and the Indians beat the Minnesota Twins 3 - 1 on Sunday to complete a three - game sweep . The Indians won for the 10th time in 12 games and moved within one game of first-place Detroit in the AL Central . The Indians won for the fourth time in five games and moved two games ahead of the Twins in the AL Central . Stubbs hit a solo homer off Jared Burton ( 2 - 7 ) to break a 1 - 1 tie . Michael Bourn followed with a double and scored on Nick Swisher 's single . Joe Smith ( 5 - 1 ) pitched the eighth for the win . Chris Perez pitched the ninth for his 21st save in 23 chances . Cleveland starter Scott Kazmir allowed one run and seven hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Twins starter Mike Pelfrey gave up one run and two hits in five innings . He walked six and struck out three . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Drew Stubbs walked with one out and Nick Swisher walked with two outs . Kipnis then lined a single to center , scoring Bourn . The Twins tied it in the fifth . Clete Thomas led off with a single and moved to second on Pedro Florimon 's sacrifice bunt . Brian Dozier singled to put runners on first and third , and Doug Bernier scored on Doug Bernier 's single to center . The Twins loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh against Cody Allen on a walk to Brian Dozier and a single by Doug Bernier . Josh Willingham popped out and Allen Plouffe struck out to end the inning .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Jordan Zimmermann has been a big reason why . The Washington Nationals ' right-hander allowed two runs and eight hits in 7 2/3 innings , Mike Moustakas drove in the go-ahead run in the eighth inning and the Washington Nationals beat the Kansas City Royals 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Zimmermann ( 15 - 7 ) , who had been 0 - 3 in his previous four starts , gave up two runs and eight hits , striking out seven and walking one . Wade Davis ( 6 - 10 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in six - plus innings . He walked Ryan Zimmerman and Bryce Harper to lead off the fourth inning before Wilson Ramos drove in Ryan Zimmerman with a sacrifice fly . Adam LaRoche was intentionally walked to load the bases , and Chad Tracy followed with a two - run single . Desmond hit a two - run homer in the sixth , his 15th of the season and second in two games . Davis ( 6 - 10 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in six - plus innings . He walked three and struck out four . Denard Span and Ryan Zimmerman singled to start the game and scored on Bryce Harper 's single . The Royals tied it in the third when Alcides Escobar singled , took third on Emilio Bonifacio 's single and scored on Eric Hosmer 's single . The Nationals scored three runs in the fourth on a walk to Zimmerman , a single by Bryce Harper and a sacrifice fly by Wilson Ramos . Adam LaRoche was intentionally walked to bring up Tyler Moore , who drove in Harper with a double down the left-field line . The Royals , who have lost six of their last seven games , have scored three runs or fewer in seven of their last 10 games . Desmond 's homer in the sixth inning was the first home run allowed by Davis this season . Zimmermann walked Emilio Bonifacio with one out in the eighth , then gave up a single to Billy Butler and an RBI single to Mike Moustakas . Reliever Fernando Abad walked Maxwell to load the bases before striking out David Lough .
MIAMI -- The Colorado Rockies had a lot to do with it . Ryan Wheeler hit a tiebreaking RBI double in the eighth inning , and the Rockies beat the Miami Marlins 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Rockies won for only the second time in their past nine home games . Chacin ( 12 - 7 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked four . Chad Qualls ( 4 - 2 ) gave up three hits and two runs in the eighth . Rex Brothers pitched a perfect ninth for his 12th save in 13 chances . The Marlins took a 2 - 1 lead in the seventh when Jake Marisnick tripled and scored on a sacrifice fly by pinch-hitter Greg Dobbs . Ed Lucas led off the Miami fifth with a homer for the Marlins , who have lost four of their past five games . The Rockies tied the game in the sixth . DJ LeMahieu led off with a triple and Troy Tulowitzki walked . Chacin walked Giancarlo Stanton and Logan Morrison to load the bases , but got Ed Lucas to ground out to end the threat . The Marlins loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth , but Chacin got Ed Lucas to ground out . Koehler allowed one run and six hits in seven innings .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres have been waiting all season long . Andrew McCutchen hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly in the eighth inning and the Padres beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 2 - 1 on Sunday to avoid a three - game sweep . The Padres , who have the worst record in the majors , have won six of their last seven games . Kennedy ( 5 - 9 ) allowed four hits in seven innings , struck out eight and walked three . The Pirates scored an unearned run in the eighth on Andrew McCutchen 's sacrifice fly off Luke Gregerson . Huston Street pitched a perfect ninth for his 24th save in 26 chances . Gerrit Cole ( 6 - 6 ) allowed two runs and 10 hits in six innings , struck out five and walked none . The Pirates have lost four straight and six of seven . The Padres scored their first run in the third when Will Venable led off with a double and scored on Yonder Alonso 's sacrifice fly . The Padres added a run in the fifth when Chris Denorfia singled with two outs , stole second and scored on Alonso 's two - out single . McCutchen went 2 - for - 2 with a sacrifice fly and a sacrifice fly . The Padres took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth on Alonso 's two - out RBI single .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- Mike Leake had a lot to do with it . Leake pitched six solid innings and helped himself with an RBI single , leading the Cincinnati Reds to a 10 - 7 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday night . Leake ( 11 - 5 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked none . Adam Eaton hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning , and Gerardo Parra added a solo shot for the Diamondbacks , who have lost six of their last seven games . Adam Eaton hit a two - run homer , and Gerardo Parra added a solo shot for the Diamondbacks , who have lost five of their last six games . Choo had four hits , including a homer , and drove in three runs , and Devin Mesoraco had a two - run single . Aroldis Chapman gave up a walk and a single in the ninth , getting his 32nd save in 34 chances . Brandon McCarthy ( 2 - 8 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in 2 1/3 innings . Choo led off the first inning with a homer into the upper deck in left field for a 1 - 0 lead . The Reds made it 4 - 0 in the second on Leake 's RBI double and Choo 's two - run single . The Reds made it 7 - 0 in the third on Heisey 's RBI double and Mesoraco 's two - run single . Choo doubled and scored on Votto 's single in the fourth for a 8 - 0 lead . Arizona scored three runs in the fifth on a two - run single by pinch hitter Jason Kubel and a two - run homer by Adam Eaton . The Diamondbacks cut it to 8 - 5 in the seventh on Martin Prado 's RBI single off J. J. Hoover . Parra led off the eighth with a homer off Jonathan Broxton , and Wil Nieves scored on Phillips ' throwing error to cut it to 8 - 7 .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- Yadier Molina was n't sure if he 'd ever hit a home run . Molina hit a two - run homer and drove in two runs to lead the Milwaukee Brewers to a 6 - 3 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Friday night . Molina hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Cardinals a 3 - 0 lead . It was his third of the season and second in two days . Molina said he was n't sure if he 'd be able to hit the ball out of the park . Kyle Lohse ( 9 - 8 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . Jim Henderson pitched the ninth for his 19th save in 23 chances . Lance Lynn ( 13 - 7 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Brewers scored three times in the fourth to take a 5 - 3 lead . Scooter Gennett had an RBI single , Sean Halton had a two - run single and Norichika Aoki added a sacrifice fly to give Milwaukee a 5 - 3 lead . Halton 's RBI single made it 6 - 3 in the fifth . The Brewers grabbed a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Yadier Molina doubled with one out and scored on Matt Adams ' single . The Cardinals made it 3 - 0 in the fourth when Carlos Beltran singled and Molina hit a two - run homer .
DETROIT -- Justin Morneau had a big night at the plate . Morneau hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs to lead the Minnesota Twins to a 6 - 3 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Morneau is hitting .267 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last 10 games . The Twins have won four of five . Mike Pelfrey ( 5 - 10 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked one . Glen Perkins pitched the ninth for his 29th save in 31 chances . Rick Porcello ( 9 - 7 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Twins took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth . Chris Herrmann led off with a single , took second on a wild pitch and scored on Morneau 's two - run homer to left . Trevor Plouffe added an RBI double for a 3 - 0 lead . Prince Fielder hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Morneau 's two - run double off Phil Coke in the fifth gave the Twins a 5 - 1 lead . The Twins loaded the bases with one out in the bottom of the inning on a walk to Pedro Florimon , a single by Brian Dozier and a walk to Josh Willingham . Prince Fielder 's RBI groundout made it 6 - 2 , but Victor Martinez grounded out to end the inning . The Tigers made it 6 - 3 in the seventh on Jackson 's RBI single off Josh Roenicke .
MILWAUKEE -- Homer Bailey has been on a roll since coming off the disabled list . The Cincinnati right-hander gave up three hits over eight innings , and the Reds beat the Milwaukee Brewers 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Bailey ( 8 - 10 ) struck out eight and walked one . The Reds scored five runs in the second off Brewers starter Wily Peralta ( 8 - 13 ) , capped by Brandon Phillips ' two - run single and Brandon Phillips ' two - run single . Wily Peralta ( 8 - 13 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out four . The Reds scored five runs in the fifth off Peralta ( 8 - 13 ) , capped by Brandon Phillips ' two - run single and Joey Votto 's bases-loaded walk . The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . The Reds scored five runs in the second off Peralta ( 8 - 13 ) . Jay Bruce led off with a single , Chris Heisey singled and Jack Hannahan singled to load the bases for Ryan Hanigan , who drove in two runs with a single to right . The Reds scored five runs in the inning to make it 9 - 0 . Chris Heisey had an RBI single and Ryan Hanigan drove in a run with a single to make it 6 - 0 in the fifth . Khris Davis led off the bottom of the fifth with a home run to make it 9 - 1 . The Brewers had runners on first and second with two outs in the seventh , but Yuniesky Betancourt grounded out to end the inning .
SAN DIEGO -- Jedd Gyorko is making the most of his opportunity . Gyorko hit a three - run homer and the San Diego Padres beat the New York Mets 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Gyorko hit a three - run shot off Carlos Torres in the eighth inning to give the Padres an 8 - 2 lead . It was his fourth of the season and second in two games . It was the second homer of the season for Gyorko , who came into the game with the lowest batting average in the majors . Venable singled with one out in the eighth and went to second on a two - out single by Yonder Alonso before Gyorko 's homer . Volquez ( 9 - 10 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in five innings , struck out five and walked two . David Aardsma ( 2 - 2 ) allowed four runs and six hits in two innings , struck out two and walked two . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Chris Denorfia 's two - out RBI single . The Mets tied it in the third when Eric Young Jr. led off with a single , stole second and scored on Daniel Murphy 's single to right . San Diego scored four runs in the fourth . Logan Forsythe led off with a single , stole second and scored on Ike Davis ' two - out single . The Mets cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the fifth on an RBI single by pinch-hitter Jesus Guzman . Logan Forsythe singled with one out in the fifth and stole second before Jaff Decker walked . After Nick Hundley struck out , Guzman singled to right to bring in Forsythe to make it 5 - 2 .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- The Cleveland Indians are on a roll , and they 're going to have to wait a little longer . Nick Swisher and Jason Kipnis each drove in two runs , Nick Swisher and Nick Swisher homered and the Indians beat the Oakland Athletics 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . The Indians won for the fifth time in six games and moved a season-high 10 games over .500 . Jimenez ( 9 - 7 ) gave up one run and one hit in 5 2/3 innings . He walked five and struck out eight . Nick Swisher hit a solo homer in the first off Dan Straily ( 6 - 7 ) and Asdrubal Cabrera added an RBI single for the Indians , who have won four of five . Brantley doubled with one out in the sixth and scored on Asdrubal Cabrera 's double to make it 3 - 0 . Jimenez retired the first nine batters before hitting Josh Reddick with a pitch with one out in the sixth . Jimenez then walked Yoenis Cespedes and Brandon Moss struck out before Josh Donaldson hit an RBI single to make it 3 - 1 . Bourn homered off Jerry Blevins in the seventh to make it 4 - 1 . The A 's made it 3 - 1 in the sixth on Josh Donaldson 's two - out RBI single off Joe Smith . Cespedes singled with one out in the eighth and went to third on Josh Donaldson 's two - out single before pinch-hitter Coco Crisp flied out to end the inning . The Indians added three runs in the ninth off Jesse Chavez . Straily allowed three runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out seven and walked four .
BALTIMORE -- The Colorado Rockies have been waiting all season long enough to keep their winning streak going . Todd Helton hit a tiebreaking homer in the ninth inning , Todd Helton added a solo shot and the Rockies beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 3 on Tuesday night to end a four - game losing streak . The Rockies won for the fourth time in five games . Rosario hit a two - run shot in the seventh inning off Francisco Rodriguez to give Colorado a 4 - 2 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Rodriguez this season . Charlie Blackmon added a solo shot in the eighth for Colorado . Juan Nicasio ( 7 - 6 ) gave up two runs and four hits in six innings , walking four and striking out two . Matt Wieters hit a solo homer off Rockies closer Rex Brothers in the ninth . Wei-Yin Chen ( 6 - 6 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . McLouth gave the Orioles a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning with a drive to center . It was his 10th homer of the season and second in two games . Baltimore made it 2 - 0 in the third . Brian Roberts walked , took second on a single by Manny Machado and scored on a single by Adam Jones . The Rockies got a run back in the fifth when Rosario doubled and scored on a single by Arenado . Culberson tied it in the sixth with a drive to left on a 1 - 2 pitch from Chen .
DETROIT -- Eric Hosmer is making the most of his opportunity . Hosmer homered for the first time in more than a year and the Kansas City Royals beat the Detroit Tigers 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Eric Hosmer also homered for the Royals , who have won six of their last seven games . The Royals have won four of their last five games . Shields ( 8 - 8 ) allowed three hits in seven shutout innings , walking four and striking out one . Greg Holland pitched the ninth for his 34th save in 38 chances . Jose Alvarez ( 1 - 3 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out five . Hosmer 's homer made it 2 - 0 in the third . The Royals added a run in the seventh when Chris Getz led off with a single and scored on Jamey Carroll 's sacrifice fly . The Royals added a run in the seventh when Chris Getz led off with a single and scored on Jamey Carroll 's sacrifice fly . The Tigers had a chance to add to their lead in the third when Shields walked Austin Jackson and Torii Hunter to start the inning . Torii Hunter followed with a single , but Prince Fielder flied out and Victor Martinez flied out to end the inning . The Tigers have lost five of six .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- The Oakland Athletics are making a habit of coming out of the All-Star break . Eric Sogard doubled home the go-ahead run in the seventh inning and the A 's beat the Cleveland Indians 3 - 2 on Sunday to avoid a three - game sweep . The A 's won for the 10th time in 12 games and moved within one game of first-place Texas in the AL West . Sean Doolittle ( 4 - 4 ) got the win despite giving up a tying run in the top of the seventh . Stephen Vogt singled with two outs and scored on Eric Sogard 's two - out double off Justin Masterson ( 13 - 9 ) . Grant Balfour pitched the ninth for his 31st save in 33 chances . Justin Masterson ( 13 - 9 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Sean Doolittle ( 4 - 4 ) got the win despite giving up a tying single to Drew Stubbs in the seventh . Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the first off Justin Masterson ( 13 - 9 ) , who allowed three runs and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Indians cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the third . Nick Swisher singled with one out and scored on Carlos Santana 's single to right . Cleveland cut it to 2 - 1 in the third when Nick Swisher singled with one out and scored on Santana 's single . The Indians loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth on two walks and a hit , but Brantley lined out to second to end the threat .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting all season to keep their winning streak intact . Pinch-hitter Chris Herrmann singled home the winning run with one out in the ninth inning to lift the Twins to a 4 - 3 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Friday night . The Twins have won four of their last five games , including three straight at home for the first time this season . Joe Mauer doubled off Ramon Troncoso ( 1 - 4 ) with one out in the eighth and scored on Justin Morneau 's single to tie it at 3 . Josh Willingham walked to load the bases , but Donnie Veal got Oswaldo Arcia to ground into a double play to end the inning . Trevor Plouffe led off the bottom of the ninth with a single off Ramon Troncoso ( 1 - 4 ) and Chris Colabello walked . Jared Burton ( 2 - 6 ) struck out Alejandro De Aza to end the inning . The Twins tied it in the eighth on Justin Morneau 's RBI single off Nate Jones . Chicago starter Andre Rienzo gave up two runs -- one earned -- and four hits with two strikeouts and no walks in six innings . The White Sox jumped on Twins starter Mike Pelfrey for two runs in the first inning . Alejandro De Aza led off with a single , Gordon Beckham singled and Adam Dunn singled in a run . Paul Konerko followed with a sacrifice fly . Alejandro De Aza led off the third with a walk , stole second and scored on Ramirez 's sacrifice fly to make it 3 - 0 . Trevor Plouffe hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Twins , who have lost five of their last six games . Brian Dozier reached on an error by shortstop Ramirez leading off the sixth and scored on Josh Willingham 's two - out single .
PHOENIX ( AP ) -- The Arizona Diamondbacks are on a roll . Adam Eaton led off the bottom of the ninth inning with a home run , and the Diamondbacks rallied to beat the Baltimore Orioles 7 - 6 on Wednesday night . The Diamondbacks have won six of their last seven games . Brad Ziegler ( 6 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up a run in the top of the ninth . Nieves led off the bottom of the eighth with a home run off Troy Patton to put Arizona up 6 - 5 . Henry Urrutia singled with one out in the ninth off Ziegler ( 6 - 1 ) , who gave up a one - out single to pinch-hitter Henry Urrutia and walked Brian Roberts . Nate McLouth singled to load the bases , and Nick Markakis hit a sacrifice fly to tie it . Darren O'Day ( 5 - 2 ) took the loss . Didi Gregorius was hit by a pitch from Brian Matusz to start the Arizona seventh , then Matt Davidson walked . Tommy Hunter came in and gave up an RBI single to Adam Eaton . Joe Thatcher came on to face Davis , who hit a 3 - 2 pitch into the left-field seats to tie it at 5 . Baltimore starter Scott Feldman gave up two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Orioles starter Scott Feldman gave up two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Markakis singled and scored on a wild pitch . Hill led off the second with a homer to left , then Martin Prado walked , stole second and scored when third baseman Manny Machado threw the ball into center field for an error . The Orioles regained the lead in the fourth when Pearce singled with two outs and scored on Roberts ' double . Wieters homered in the sixth to put Baltimore up 4 - 2 .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting all season long enough to win . Chris Davis hit a two - out , two - run double in the 10th inning , and the Orioles beat the San Francisco Giants 5 - 2 on Sunday to avoid a three - game sweep . The Orioles won for the seventh time in eight games and moved within a half-game of first-place Boston in the AL East . Jim Johnson ( 3 - 7 ) pitched the ninth for the win . Machado doubled off Javier Lopez ( 1 - 2 ) with one out in the 10th and went to third on Nick Markakis ' groundout . After Adam Jones was intentionally walked , Davis lined a 1 - 2 pitch into the gap in left-center for a two - run double . Tommy Hunter pitched the 10th for his third save in four chances . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Manny Machado doubled and scored on Adam Jones ' single . J. J. Hardy led off the second with a home run off Ryan Vogelsong to put San Francisco up 2 - 0 . Belt homered in the sixth to make it 2 - 1 . Belt homered in the sixth to make it 2 - 1 . Vogelsong allowed two runs and six hits in six innings , struck out four and walked three . Vogelsong allowed two runs and six hits in six innings , struck out four and walked three .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Bruce Chen was n't going to let the game get away from him . Chen allowed five hits over 7 2/3 scoreless innings , and the Kansas City Royals beat the Boston Red Sox 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Chen ( 5 - 0 ) , who had been 0 - 2 in his previous four starts , gave up five hits and one walk while striking out two . The Royals scored three runs in the first off Jon Lester ( 10 - 7 ) , who was making his first start for Boston since being acquired by the Red Sox in a trade on July 31 . Billy Butler led off the eighth with a home run off Rubby De La Rosa , and Justin Maxwell added a solo shot in the eighth for the Royals , who have won four of five . Hochevar gave up a run on Stephen Drew 's RBI single in the ninth before finishing for his second save . Jon Lester ( 10 - 7 ) gave up three runs -- one earned -- on five hits and two walks in seven innings . The Royals scored three runs in the first inning . Lorenzo Cain led off with a double , took third on Eric Hosmer 's groundout and scored on Alex Gordon 's sacrifice fly . Justin Maxwell walked to load the bases , and Moustakas drove in two more with a single to left . The Red Sox have scored three runs or fewer in seven of their last 10 games . The Royals loaded the bases with one out in the fifth on a single by Alcides Escobar , a single by Lorenzo Cain and an error by first baseman Daniel Nava . Lester then struck out Billy Butler and got Alex Gordon to pop out to end the inning . The Royals loaded the bases with one out in the fifth on a single by Alcides Escobar , an error by first baseman Daniel Nava and an error by first baseman Daniel Nava . De La Rosa , who was making his major league debut , was replaced by Rubby De La Rosa , who gave up a solo homer to Maxwell in the eighth .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox had a chance to win the game . Robinson Cano hit a tiebreaking homer in the 12th inning , and the White Sox beat the New York Yankees 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . The White Sox won for the 10th time in 12 games and moved within one game of first-place Detroit in the AL Central . De Aza hit a two - run triple off Adam Warren ( 1 - 2 ) in the 12th to give the White Sox a 6 - 5 lead . Dylan Axelrod ( 4 - 8 ) got the win despite giving up a solo homer to Robinson Cano in the top of the 12th . Adam Warren ( 1 - 2 ) gave up a two - out single to Tyler Flowers and a single to Alexei Ramirez before De Aza tripled into the right-field corner to make it 6 - 5 . Addison Reed worked the final two innings for the White Sox , who have won six of their last seven games . Ichiro Suzuki hit a two - out double in the 11th and scored on Adam Dunn 's pinch-hit single to tie it at 4 . Soriano hit a two - run homer in the first off Hector Santiago , who allowed four runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . The Yankees made it 3 - 0 in the third on a walk to Alfonso Soriano and a single by Alex Rodriguez . Vernon Wells drove in Soriano with a single to make it 3 - 0 . Nunez led off the fourth with a homer to left , his ninth of the season and second in two games . Beckham hit a solo shot in the fifth for the White Sox . The White Sox scored three runs in the seventh . Alejandro De Aza singled , took third on a single by Rios and scored on Paul Konerko 's double to make it 4 - 2 . Gordon Beckham followed with a fielder 's choice to score Rios .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Matt Harvey did n't have his best stuff . Harvey tossed a four - hitter for his second shutout of the season and the New York Mets beat the Colorado Rockies 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Harvey ( 9 - 3 ) struck out six and walked none in his fourth complete game of the season and second shutout of his career . He threw a four - hit shutout at Citi Field in his previous start . Harvey retired the first 11 batters before Charlie Blackmon singled with two outs in the ninth . Jhoulys Chacin ( 10 - 6 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Rockies have lost four straight and six of seven . New York took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Wilmer Flores singled with one out and scored on Omar Quintanilla 's single . The Mets made it 2 - 0 in the fourth . Ike Davis doubled with one out and scored on Buck 's two - out single . New York added three runs in the eighth off reliever Manny Corpas . Juan Lagares walked with one out and Marlon Byrd doubled with two outs before Ike Davis was intentionally walked to load the bases . Flores hit a three - run double off Manuel Corpas in the eighth to make it 5 - 0 . Harvey struck out six and walked none , throwing 78 of his 106 pitches for strikes . He retired the first 10 batters before Nolan Arenado singled with one out in the eighth .
PITTSBURGH -- Josh Harrison 's first home run in nearly a year , a pinch-hit shot to left field on a 1 - 1 pitch . Harrison 's pinch-hit homer in the ninth inning lifted the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 4 - 3 victory over the Miami Marlins on Friday night . The Pirates have won six of their past seven games . Harrison 's pinch-hit homer came on a 1 - 1 pitch from Mike Dunn ( 2 - 3 ) and gave the Pirates a 4 - 3 lead . It was the first pinch-hit homer of Harrison 's career and the first pinch-hit homer of his career . It was the first pinch-hit homer of Harrison 's career . Bryan Morris ( 5 - 4 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . The Pirates loaded the bases with no outs against Chad Qualls in the eighth , but Mike Dunn ( 2 - 3 ) struck out Pedro Alvarez and got Russell Martin to ground into a double play to end the threat . The Marlins have lost six of their last seven games . Andrew McCutchen hit a two - run double and Pedro Alvarez followed with an RBI triple to tie it at 3 in the third . The Marlins had runners on first and second with no outs in the second , but Christian Yelich grounded out to end the inning . The Marlins took a 3 - 0 lead in the third . Ed Lucas led off with a single and Giancarlo Stanton followed with a single . Logan Morrison and Donovan Solano followed with RBI singles to make it 3 - 0 . The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the third on a two - run double by McCutchen and Alvarez 's triple .
CHICAGO -- Chris Sale was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Sale pitched 7 1/3 strong innings to lead the Chicago White Sox to a 3 - 2 victory over the New York Yankees on Friday night . Sale ( 7 - 11 ) allowed an unearned run and five hits , struck out six and walked four . He has allowed one earned run or less in four of his last five starts . Addison Reed gave up a run in the ninth but held on for his 27th save in 31 chances . The Yankees have lost four of five . Hiroki Kuroda ( 10 - 7 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Alfonso Soriano scored on catcher Josh Phegley 's passed ball . Adam Dunn singled with one out in the fourth , advanced to second on a wild pitch and scored on Conor Gillaspie 's two - out single . De Aza doubled in Gordon Beckham in the seventh to make it 3 - 1 . De Aza doubled in Gordon Beckham in the seventh to make it 3 - 1 . Alex Rodriguez led off the eighth with a single , but was thrown out trying to steal second . Pinch hitter Ichiro Suzuki singled with one out in the ninth and scored on Gardner 's single .
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) -- Yoenis Cespedes is making a strong case to stay in the Home Run Derby . Cespedes hit a two - run homer to help the Oakland Athletics beat the Texas Rangers 4 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Cespedes ' two - run homer in the first inning was his first since June 30 , when he hit a two - run shot in the 10th inning of a 7 - 5 win over the A 's . Cespedes has been one of the few bright spots for the A 's , who have won four of five . Parker ( 7 - 6 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . Grant Balfour pitched the ninth for his 29th save in 31 chances . Matt Garza ( 7 - 2 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in eight innings . He struck out five and walked one . Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the first off Garza , who gave up four runs and eight hits in eight innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Rangers got a run back in the third on Adrian Beltre 's two - out RBI single that scored Leonys Martin , who had walked . The Rangers got a run back in the third on Adrian Beltre 's two - out RBI single . Ian Kinsler hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . The A 's added a run in the seventh when Alberto Callaspo drew a leadoff walk and went to second on Stephen Vogt 's sacrifice bunt . Coco Crisp singled to put runners on the corners , and Callaspo scored on Eric Sogard 's squeeze bunt .
CHICAGO -- James Shields was n't about to let the game get away . Shields struck out a season-high 10 in seven innings and the Kansas City Royals beat the Chicago White Sox 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Shields ( 13 - 9 ) allowed one run and four hits , improving to 4 - 0 in his last four starts . The Royals scored three runs in the first off Chris Sale ( 11 - 14 ) on a two - run double by Billy Butler and a run-scoring single by Lorenzo Cain . Sale ( 11 - 14 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Royals jumped on Sale for three runs in the first inning . Emilio Bonifacio walked , took third on Eric Hosmer 's single and scored on Lorenzo Cain 's single . The Royals made it 4 - 0 in the fourth when Jamey Carroll doubled and Alex Gordon was hit by a pitch with two outs . Bonifacio followed with an RBI single to make it 4 - 0 . The Royals added two runs in the sixth . Alcides Escobar singled with one out and scored on Gordon 's double . Emilio Bonifacio followed with an RBI single to make it 6 - 0 . Gordon Beckham 's sixth homer of the season in the sixth was the only run allowed by Shields , who struck out 10 and walked one . Beckham 's homer in the sixth was the only run allowed by Shields , who struck out 10 and walked one . The Royals have won six of their last seven games . Shields has won three of his last four starts . The White Sox threatened in the seventh when Avisail Garcia hit into a double play , but Dayan Viciedo popped out to end the inning .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) -- Barry Zito was n't sure if he would get his first win in more than a month . Zito won for the first time in more than a month and the San Francisco Giants beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 6 - 4 on Friday night . Zito ( 5 - 11 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in five innings . He walked none and struck out one . Tony Abreu drove in four runs for the Giants , including a three - run triple in the second that gave San Francisco a 3 - 0 lead . Buster Posey , who had two hits , led off the bottom of the inning with a double and scored on Tony Abreu 's two - run triple . The Dodgers got two runs back in the fourth on Matt Kemp 's RBI double and a throwing error by shortstop Brandon Crawford that allowed Carl Crawford to score . Sandoval 's two - run homer in the fourth off Ricky Nolasco ( 13 - 11 ) gave San Francisco a 5 - 2 lead . The Dodgers got an unearned run in the sixth off George Kontos on A. J. Ellis ' sacrifice fly . The Dodgers got a run back in the eighth when Carl Crawford doubled off Santiago Casilla and scored on Kemp 's single . Pinch-hitter Dee Gordon hit a leadoff homer in the ninth for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Pinch-hitter Adrian Gonzalez doubled with two outs off Santiago Casilla before Hanley Ramirez grounded out to end the game . The Giants loaded the bases with no outs in the second on a double by Posey , a single by Pablo Sandoval and a single by Sandoval . Nolasco struck out Brandon Crawford before Abreu hit a two - run triple into the left-field corner . Nolasco gave up six runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Dodgers scored two runs in the fourth on a single by Puig , a single by Carl Crawford and an RBI double by Matt Kemp . Jerry Hairston Jr. hit a grounder to shortstop Brandon Crawford , who threw wildly to second for an error , allowing Crawford to score .
MIAMI -- Adeiny Hechavarria was n't sure what to expect . Hechavarria hit a two - run triple in the eighth inning to help the Miami Marlins beat the Philadelphia Phillies 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Marlins , who have won six of their past seven games , have won six of their past seven games . Hechavarria 's two - out , two - run triple in the eighth off Ethan Martin ( 2 - 5 ) gave the Marlins a 3 - 2 lead . Chad Qualls ( 5 - 2 ) pitched out of a bases-loaded jam in the eighth , and Steve Cishek pitched the ninth for his 33rd save in 35 chances . Philadelphia 's Cole Hamels gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Phillies scored twice in the seventh to tie the game at 2 . Ruf doubled with one out and went to third on a single by Kevin Frandsen . Freddy Galvis singled home a run , and Cesar Hernandez tied the game with a single off A. J. Ramos . Hamels allowed two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Marlins scored twice in the second . Justin Ruggiano drew a leadoff walk , took second on Placido Polanco 's single and scored on Adeiny Hechavarria 's triple into the right-field corner . The Phillies went 2 for 10 with runners in scoring position . Adeiny Hechavarria drove in three runs with a triple in the second and a two - run triple for the Marlins , who have won four of their past five games . The Phillies , who have lost six of their past seven games , fell to 1 - 5 on their homestand . Adeiny Hechavarria drove in three runs with a triple in the second and a two - run triple for the Marlins , who have won four of their past five games . The Phillies , who have lost six of their past seven games , fell to 1 - 5 on their homestand . Adeiny Hechavarria drove in three runs with a triple in the second inning and a two - run triple for the Marlins , who have won four of their past five games . The Phillies , who have lost five of their past six games , fell to 1 - 5 on their homestand . Adeiny Hechavarria drove in three runs with a triple in the second inning and a two - run triple for the Marlins , who have won four of their past five games . The Phillies , who have lost six of their past seven games , fell to 1 - 5 on their homestand . Adeiny Hechavarria drove in three runs with a triple in the second inning and a two - run triple for the Marlins . Placido Polanco had three hits and scored twice . The Phillies , who have lost five of their past six games , have lost five of their past six games . Adeiny Hechavarria drove in three runs with a triple in the second inning and a two - run triple for the Marlins , who have won four of their past five games . The Phillies , who have the worst record in the majors , lost for the fifth time in six games . Adeiny Hechavarria drove in three runs with a triple in the second inning and a two - run triple for the Marlins , who have won four of their past five games . The Phillies , who have the worst record in the majors , lost for the fifth time in six games . Adeiny Hechavarria drove in three runs with a triple in the second inning and a two - run triple for the Marlins , who have won four of their past five games . The Phillies , who have lost five of their past six games , fell to 1 - 5 on their homestand . Adeiny Hechavarria drove in three runs with a triple in the second inning and a two - run triple for the Marlins , who have won four of their past five games . The Phillies , who have lost six of their past seven games , have lost five of their past six games . Adeiny Hechavarria drove in three runs with a triple in the second inning and a two - run triple for the Marlins , who have won four of their past five games . The Phillies , who have lost five of their past six games , fell to 1 - 5 on their homestand . Adeiny Hechavarria drove in three runs with a triple in the second inning and a two - run triple for the Marlins , who have won four of their past five games . The Phillies , who have lost six of their past seven games , fell to 1 - 5 on their homestand . Adeiny Hechavarria drove in three runs with a triple in the second inning and a two - run triple for the Marlins , who have won four of their past five games . The Phillies , who have the worst record in the majors , lost for the fifth time in six games . Adeiny Hechavarria drove in three runs and Placido Polanco had three hits for the Marlins , who won for the fourth time in five games . The Phillies , who have lost six of their past seven games , have lost five of their past six games . Adeiny Hechavarria
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres have been waiting all season long . Chris Robinson hit a three - run homer and the San Diego Padres beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 12 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Padres , who have the worst record in the majors , have won six of their last seven games . Tommy Medica hit a solo homer and Chase Headley drove in three runs for the Padres , who have won four of five . Kennedy ( 7 - 10 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings , struck out seven and walked one . Randall Delgado ( 5 - 7 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in five innings , struck out four and walked none . Chase Headley had three hits and drove in three runs for the Padres , including a two - run double in the first . The Diamondbacks tied it at 1 in the third when Gerardo Parra doubled and scored on Randall Delgado 's single to right . Adam Eaton then popped out and Aaron Hill flied out to end the inning . Medica 's homer came on a 3 - 1 pitch with two outs in the fourth to tie the game at 2 . The Padres scored three runs in the fifth on a two - run single by Chris Denorfia and a two - run homer by Gyorko . The Padres added a run in the sixth on Rene Rivera 's RBI double off Matt Langwell . The Padres scored four runs in the eighth off Eury De La Rosa , who was charged with four runs and three hits .
SAN DIEGO -- The Arizona Diamondbacks have a chance to win the NL West . Didi Gregorius tripled home the go-ahead run in the 12th inning and the Diamondbacks beat the San Diego Padres 2 - 1 on Sunday to avoid a three - game sweep . The Diamondbacks won for the 10th time in 12 games and remained a half-game behind NL West-leading San Francisco . San Diego lost for the fifth time in six games . Chris Owings hit a one - out double off Luke Gregerson ( 6 - 8 ) and scored on Gregorius ' triple into the right-field corner . Brad Ziegler pitched the 12th for his 12th save in 13 chances . The Padres had runners on second and third with one out in the 10th , but J. J. Putz struck out Jesus Guzman and Jedd Gyorko to end the inning . The Padres tied it in the bottom of the inning when Mark Kotsay led off with a single and took second on Chris Denorfia 's single . After Jesus Guzman struck out , Chase Headley was intentionally walked to load the bases . Diamondbacks starter Wade Miley allowed four hits in six scoreless innings , struck out seven and walked one . Arizona starter Wade Miley allowed four hits in six scoreless innings , struck out seven and walked one . Ross retired the first 10 batters before Goldschmidt hit his 21st homer to right with two outs in the sixth . Goldschmidt 's homer was his fourth .
ST. LOUIS -- Michael Wacha was n't going to let the game get away . Wacha struck out nine in 8 2/3 shutout innings and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Washington Nationals 2 - 0 on Friday night . Wacha ( 4 - 1 ) gave up one hit and two walks in 8 2/3 innings , lowering his ERA to 2.78 . Trevor Rosenthal got Jayson Werth on a groundout with two on to end the ninth for his second save in three chances . Gio Gonzalez ( 11 - 8 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked none . The Nationals have lost four in a row for the first time this season . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Matt Carpenter doubled and scored on Shane Robinson 's single . Matt Adams singled and scored on Yadier Molina 's double in the fourth for a 2 - 0 lead . Wacha retired the first 10 batters before Adam LaRoche reached on an error by Carpenter at second base with two outs in the fifth . Adam LaRoche reached on an error by Carpenter at second base to start the inning , but Wacha got Wilson Ramos to line out to second to end the inning . Wacha walked Ryan Zimmerman on a full count to start the seventh , but Jayson Werth popped out and Ian Desmond grounded out to end the inning . The Nationals had a chance to score in the eighth when Adam LaRoche drew a leadoff walk , but Wilson Ramos grounded into a double play .
CLEVELAND -- The Cleveland Indians have been waiting all season to celebrate . Carlos Santana hit a two - run homer , Michael Brantley had a two - run triple in Cleveland 's three - run sixth and the Indians beat the Houston Astros 9 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Indians won for the 10th time in 12 games and moved within one game of first-place Detroit in the AL Central . Corey Kluber ( 10 - 5 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings to win his fourth straight start . Erik Bedard ( 4 - 12 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The Indians scored three times in the fourth to take a 3 - 2 lead . Asdrubal Cabrera singled to start the inning and Yan Gomes was hit by a pitch . Humber then struck out Yan Gomes , but Bourn tripled into the gap in right-center to score Gomes and Michael Bourn . Jason Kipnis doubled off the wall in center to put Cleveland ahead 7 - 2 . Chris Carter hit a leadoff homer in the second for the Astros , who have lost four of five . The Astros loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on a double by Marc Krauss , a walk to Chris Carter and a single by Dominguez . Krauss scored when Trevor Crowe grounded into a double play . The Indians scored twice in the fourth to take a 3 - 2 lead . Jason Kipnis singled and scored on Carlos Santana 's double to right . Bedard walked Asdrubal Cabrera and Asdrubal Cabrera with one out , and Michael Brantley 's two - out single tied the game . Bedard then struck out Michael Bourn to end the inning . Carlos Corporan led off the Houston fifth with a single , but Kluber struck out Brandon Barnes and got Jonathan Villar to ground into a fielder 's choice . Altuve was thrown out trying to steal second .
BOSTON -- Mark Buehrle was n't going to let the game get away from him . Buehrle allowed one run in six innings and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Boston Red Sox 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Buehrle ( 12 - 9 ) gave up one run and five hits , struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Casey Janssen pitched a perfect ninth for his 33rd save in 35 opportunities . Clay Buchholz ( 11 - 1 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in six innings . The Red Sox lost for the fifth time in six games . The Blue Jays took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth on an RBI double by Adam Lind and run-scoring singles by Rajai Davis and Rajai Davis . Rajai Davis led off the ninth with a walk against Matt Thornton and moved to second on Anthony Gose 's sacrifice bunt . Arencibia followed with a single to center that made it 4 - 2 . The Red Sox cut it to 3 - 1 in the sixth when Stephen Drew singled , Shane Victorino was hit by a pitch and Jonny Gomes followed with an RBI single . The Red Sox cut it to 3 - 2 in the seventh when Xander Bogaerts reached on a throwing error by third baseman Brett Lawrie and scored on David Ross ' groundout . The Blue Jays made it 4 - 2 in the ninth against Matt Thornton . Rajai Davis walked , moved up on Anthony Gose 's sacrifice and scored on Arencibia 's single to right . The Blue Jays took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth on RBI doubles by Adam Lind and Rajai Davis and a throwing error by Buchholz .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- Alex Cobb had a simple explanation for his recent success . The Tampa Bay right-hander struck out 12 over 8 1/3 innings , and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Cobb ( 10 - 3 ) allowed one run and five hits , improving to 5 - 0 in his last seven starts . Fernando Rodney got the last two outs of the ninth , and Fernando Rodney got the final two outs to complete the five - hitter . Jennings , who entered the game in a 1 - for - 18 slide , hit a three - run homer off Miguel Gonzalez ( 10 - 8 ) in the fifth to put the Rays up 3 - 0 . Gonzalez allowed three runs and two hits in six - plus innings . He walked five and struck out two . Jennings put the Rays up 3 - 0 with his fifth homer of the season , a three - run shot off Miguel Gonzalez ( 10 - 8 ) that made it 3 - 0 in the fifth . Yunel Escobar hit a one - out triple in the seventh and scored on Desmond Jennings ' two - out triple to center . Ben Zobrist added an RBI single to make it 5 - 0 . Cobb was replaced by Francisco Rodriguez after giving up a leadoff single to Nate McLouth in the sixth . Jennings tripled off Francisco Rodriguez and scored on Ben Zobrist 's single in the seventh to make it 5 - 0 . Cobb struck out Steve Clevenger to start the eighth and was replaced by Fernando Rodney , who gave up an RBI single to Adam Jones .
PITTSBURGH -- A. J. Burnett had a lot to do with it . Burnett struck out a career-high 12 in seven innings , and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Cincinnati Reds 4 - 2 on Wednesday night to avoid a three - game sweep . Burnett ( 9 - 11 ) allowed two runs and four hits , improving to 4 - 0 in his last four starts . Russell Martin hit a tying two - run homer in the second off Homer Bailey ( 11 - 11 ) to tie it at 2 , but the Pirates did n't get another runner past first base until the sixth . Andrew McCutchen drew a one - out walk in the sixth and Justin Morneau walked before Marlon Byrd 's sacrifice fly off Zach Duke made it 3 - 2 . Alvarez followed with a single off Zach Duke to make it 4 - 2 . Jason Grilli pitched the ninth for his 31st save in 33 opportunities . Bailey ( 11 - 11 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and three hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Brandon Phillips singled , Joey Votto walked and Ryan Ludwick singled to right to score Phillips . Cozart led off the second with a homer to left , his 12th of the season and second in as many games . The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the inning on Martin 's two - run homer . The Reds tied it in the sixth on a wild pitch by Burnett . Andrew McCutchen walked with one out in the sixth and Justin Morneau walked before Byrd hit a sacrifice fly off Zach Duke to make it 3 - 2 . Alvarez followed with a single off Zach Duke to make it 4 - 2 .
DETROIT -- Torii Hunter is making the most of his opportunity . Hunter had four hits and drove in three runs to lead the Detroit Tigers to a 12 - 5 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Hunter , who had a two - run single in the first two innings , had four hits and drove in three runs . The Tigers have won four of their last five games . Max Scherzer ( 20 - 3 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . Dylan Axelrod ( 4 - 10 ) gave up seven runs and 10 hits in 2 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Detroit scored two unearned runs in the third on Alex Avila 's RBI single and Hunter 's two - run single , and Cabrera added an RBI single in the bottom of the inning . The Tigers added two runs in the fifth on Prince Fielder 's two - run single and Martinez 's two - run homer . The White Sox scored two runs in the bottom of the first on a double by Alejandro De Aza , a double by Alejandro De Aza and a sacrifice fly by Conor Gillaspie . The Tigers took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the inning on Dirks ' two - out , two - run single . The Tigers made it 3 - 1 in the second when Austin Jackson singled with one out and scored on Hunter 's double . The Tigers added two runs in the third on RBI singles by Alex Avila and Hunter and a run-scoring single by Cabrera .
NEW YORK -- Madison Bumgarner did n't have his best stuff . Bumgarner struck out 10 in seven innings , and the San Francisco Giants beat the New York Mets 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Bumgarner ( 13 - 9 ) gave up one run and four hits , lowering his ERA to 2.77 . Santiago Casilla walked Matt den Dekker leading off the bottom of the ninth before Javier Lopez got pinch-hitter Lucas Duda to fly out , then struck out pinch-hitter Anthony Recker for his first save . Jonathon Niese ( 7 - 8 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Mets have lost four straight and six of seven overall . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on an RBI single by Perez and an RBI fielder 's choice by Ehire Adrianza . The Mets cut it to 2 - 1 in the fourth when Josh Satin doubled and scored on Daniel Murphy 's single . The Mets loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth , but Bumgarner got Wilmer Flores to ground out to end the inning . The Mets threatened in the sixth when Josh Satin drew a one - out walk and took third on Andrew Brown 's two - out single . Eric Young Jr. grounded out to end the inning . LaTroy Hawkins pitched the ninth for San Francisco .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- Alexi Ogando was n't sure what to expect . Ogando won for the first time in more than a month and the Texas Rangers beat the Tampa Bay Rays 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Ogando ( 7 - 4 ) allowed one run and two hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked one . Ian Kinsler and Elvis Andrus hit two - run homers in the third off Jeremy Hellickson ( 11 - 9 ) , who gave up five runs and four hits in 2 2/3 innings . Jose Lobaton hit a solo homer in the third for the Rays , who lost shortstop Yunel Escobar to a strained right hamstring when he was hit by a pitch from Ogando in the third inning . Jeremy Hellickson ( 11 - 9 ) gave up five runs and four hits in 2 2/3 innings for the loss . The Rays , who have lost five of their last six games , fell to 1 - 5 on their 10-game road trip . Andrus hit a two - run homer off Hellickson in the third to put the Rangers up 5 - 0 . He also had a sacrifice fly in the third that made it 5 - 0 . Elvis Andrus made it 6 - 1 in the fifth with a sacrifice fly off Wesley Wright . Jose Lobaton hit a solo homer in the third for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Joakim Soria pitched a scoreless sixth inning for Texas . Martin homered off Cesar Ramos in the ninth .
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals are on their longest winning streak of the season . Denard Span drove in the winning run with a fielder 's choice grounder in the ninth inning , and the Nationals beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Nationals won for the 10th time in 12 games and moved within one game of first-place Atlanta in the NL East . The Braves scored three runs in the ninth off Ryan Mattheus to take a 5 - 3 lead . Adam LaRoche drew a leadoff walk , Wilson Ramos singled and Anthony Rendon walked to load the bases . Pinch-hitter Chad Tracy drove in a run with a groundout , and Denard Span hit a grounder to shortstop Andrelton Simmons , who threw wildly to the plate for an error , allowing Rendon to score . Kimbrel ( 3 - 3 ) was charged with three runs -- two earned -- and one hit in one - third of an inning . Ian Krol ( 2 - 1 ) recorded the final out of the ninth for the win . Ian Krol ( 2 - 1 ) got the win with one - third of an inning . Atlanta starter Mike Minor gave up three runs and three hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out three . Drew Storen gave up a run in the seventh on pinch-hitter Dan Uggla 's two - out , run-scoring single . Gattis hit a two - run homer off Tyler Clippard in the eighth to give Atlanta a 4 - 3 lead . The Nationals took a 3 - 0 lead in the first . Denard Span walked , Ryan Zimmerman walked and Jayson Werth hit an RBI double . Zimmerman scored on a groundout by Bryce Harper , and Adam LaRoche 's RBI single made it 3 - 0 . Elliot Johnson led off the sixth with a double and scored on Freddie Freeman 's sacrifice fly .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- The New York Mets finally found a way to win . Travis d'Arnaud singled home the winning run with two outs in the 12th inning and New York beat the Miami Marlins 1 - 0 Friday night for its fifth straight victory . The Mets won for the 10th time in 12 games and remained two games ahead of St. Louis in the NL wild-card race . Logan Morrison led off the ninth with a single against Zach Phillips ( 0 - 1 ) and went to third on a single by Daniel Murphy . Lucas Duda walked to load the bases , and d'Arnaud singled to right . Pinch-hitter Zach Lutz grounded into a fielder 's choice to load the bases before d'Arnaud lined a single to center . Vic Black ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 12th to earn his first major league win . The Marlins , who have lost five of six , were shut out for the third time this season . Logan Morrison led off the ninth with a single off Mets reliever LaTroy Hawkins and advanced to second on Murphy 's throwing error . Greg Dobbs popped out and Chris Coghlan grounded out to end the game . Mets starter Dillon Gee gave up six hits in 7 1/3 scoreless innings , striking out eight and walking two . The Marlins have lost four of five . Donovan Solano singled with one out in the first and Christian Yelich walked before Giancarlo Stanton grounded into a double play . Donovan Solano singled with one out in the first and Christian Yelich walked before Giancarlo Stanton grounded into a double play .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- The Philadelphia Phillies are on a roll . Cole Hamels pitched into the seventh inning , Denard Span had three hits and scored twice and the Phillies beat the Washington Nationals 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Phillies won for the fourth time in five games . Hamels ( 8 - 13 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . Jonathan Papelbon worked the ninth for his 27th save in 31 chances . Gio Gonzalez ( 10 - 7 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Ruiz 's three - run double capped a four - run fifth against Gonzalez ( 10 - 7 ) . Jimmy Rollins led off the seventh with a double off Ian Krol and advanced to third on a wild pitch . Chase Utley followed with an RBI single to make it 5 - 1 . Scott Hairston led off the bottom of the inning with a pinch-hit single , and Denard Span and Ryan Zimmerman singled to load the bases . Ian Desmond hit a sacrifice fly and Bryce Harper singled in a run before B. J. Rosenberg retired Wilson Ramos on a called third strike to end the inning . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Denard Span led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch . He scored on Jayson Werth 's sacrifice fly . The Phillies took a 4 - 1 lead in the fifth . Mayberry hit a one - out homer , Cesar Hernandez singled and Chase Utley walked before Ruiz lined a three - run double into the right-field corner . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jayson Werth 's sacrifice fly .
CHICAGO -- Ryan Raburn has been on a roll . Raburn hit a three - run homer and drove in five runs to help the Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago White Sox 14 - 3 on Tuesday night . Raburn is hitting .286 with four homers and 11 RBIs in his last 10 games . Swisher and Raburn hit three - run homers in the first inning off John Danks ( 4 - 13 ) . Corey Kluber ( 9 - 5 ) allowed two runs and six hits in five innings to win his third straight start . John Danks ( 4 - 13 ) gave up seven runs , six earned , and nine hits in four - plus innings . He walked three and struck out one . The Indians jumped on Danks for four runs in the first inning . Swisher and Raburn connected on consecutive pitches from Danks . Kipnis added an RBI double in the second to make it 5 - 0 . Paul Konerko hit a solo homer in the second for the White Sox , who lost for the fourth time in five games . The Indians added a run in the third when Ryan Raburn walked , took third on a double by Yan Gomes and scored on Aviles ' sacrifice fly . Cabrera led off the fifth with a homer to left , his fourth of the season and second in two games . Yan Gomes walked and Drew Stubbs walked to load the bases before Michael Bourn singled in a run . Nick Swisher 's two - run single made it 11 - 2 , and Raburn 's two - run single made it 14 - 2 . The White Sox scored an unearned run in the eighth off Indians closer Vinnie Pestano .
NEW YORK -- Dan Haren was n't going to let the game get away from him . Haren pitched six shutout innings , and the Washington Nationals beat the New York Mets 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Haren ( 9 - 13 ) gave up one hit and one walk while striking out eight . Rafael Soriano worked the ninth for his 41st save in 44 chances . Zack Wheeler ( 7 - 5 ) gave up one run and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Mets have lost four straight and six of seven . Zimmerman connected on the second pitch he saw from Wheeler in the sixth inning for his second homer of the season . Ian Desmond singled with one out in the eighth off Vic Black and went to third on Adam LaRoche 's single to right . Wilson Ramos fouled out and Anthony Rendon followed with a two - run double to make it 3 - 0 . Wheeler gave up one run and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . Ian Desmond singled with one out in the eighth off Vic Black and went to third on a single by Adam LaRoche . After Wilson Ramos popped out , Rendon hit a two - run double to right-center . The Mets have lost five of six . The Nationals had runners on second and third with one out in the first , but Wheeler struck out Bryce Harper and Ian Desmond .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Shelby Miller has been one of the best pitchers in the National League . The St. Louis right-hander pitched 6 2/3 scoreless innings to win his fourth straight start , and the Cardinals beat the Milwaukee Brewers 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Miller ( 13 - 9 ) gave up five hits , struck out four and walked two . Matt Holliday hit a two - run homer in the sixth off Wily Peralta ( 9 - 15 ) , who gave up only two hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Matt Holliday hit a two - run homer and Matt Holliday added a two - run shot for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Logan Schafer hit a two - run homer off Edward Mujica in the ninth for Milwaukee , which has lost four of five . Peralta ( 9 - 15 ) gave up three runs and two hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Holliday 's two - run homer gave the Cardinals a 2 - 0 lead in the sixth . The Cardinals added a run in the seventh when Matt Adams singled with one out and moved to second on a wild pitch . After pinch hitter Kolten Wong walked , Michael Gonzalez relieved Peralta and gave up an RBI single to Carpenter . The Cardinals added a run in the eighth on a single by Carlos Beltran and a walk to Yadier Molina . Burke Badenhop came in and struck out pinch-hitter Brock Peterson . The Brewers loaded the bases with two outs in the second on a single by Aramis Ramirez , a walk to Martin Maldonado and a walk to Martin Maldonado . Miller escaped the jam by getting Peralta to ground out . The Brewers loaded the bases with two outs in the second on singles by Aramis Ramirez and Scooter Gennett and a walk to Martin Maldonado . But Peralta grounded out to end the threat .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Philadelphia Phillies are on a roll . Freddy Galvis hit a solo homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the Phillies to a 6 - 5 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Friday night . The NL East-leading Phillies won for the 10th time in 12 games and improved the best record in the majors to 77 - 48 . Jonathan Papelbon ( 5 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up a tying two - run homer to Andrelton Simmons in the top of the ninth . Freddy Galvis hit a solo homer off Freddy Garcia ( 3 - 6 ) in the bottom of the ninth to give the Phillies a 5 - 5 lead . Jonathan Papelbon ( 5 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up a two - run homer to Andrelton Simmons in the top of the ninth . Papelbon ( 5 - 1 ) gave up two runs and two hits in one inning to earn the win . The Phillies won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 0 against the Braves this season . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the third . Dan Uggla was hit by a pitch to start the inning and Andrelton Simmons followed with a single . After B. J. Upton struck out , Justin Upton walked to load the bases . Freeman then lined a two - run single to left to make it 2 - 0 . The Phillies tied it in the bottom of the inning . Cesar Hernandez singled with one out and Kevin Frandsen doubled to put runners at second and third with one out . Ruiz then lined a two - run single to left to tie it at 2 . The Phillies took a 4 - 2 lead in the fifth . Chase Utley doubled with one out and scored on Ruiz 's double to right . Ruf walked and Galvis singled to right to make it 4 - 2 . The Braves cut it to 4 - 3 in the sixth . Freeman led off with a single and Evan Gattis walked before Brian McCann grounded into a double play . Chris Johnson 's RBI double cut it to 4 - 3 . Hernandez doubled off Luis Avilan with one out in the eighth and scored on Frandsen 's single to make it 5 - 3 .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- R. A. Dickey 's knuckleball was n't quite as sharp as he 's been all season . Chris Colabello hit a three - run homer in the seventh inning and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Minnesota Twins 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 12 - 12 ) gave up three runs and seven hits with four strikeouts and one walk in 6 1/3 innings . Casey Janssen gave up a leadoff homer to Josmil Pinto in the ninth before finishing for his 28th save in 31 chances . Mike Pelfrey ( 5 - 11 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Gose led off the third with a double and scored on Reyes ' single . Jose Reyes opened the game with a grounder to shortstop Pedro Florimon , who bobbled the ball for an error . Reyes advanced to second on a wild pitch and scored on Edwin Encarnacion 's sacrifice fly . The Blue Jays tied it in the bottom of the inning on an RBI single by Chris Colabello . The Blue Jays took a 6 - 1 lead in the third . Anthony Gose led off with a double and scored on Reyes ' single . After Rajai Davis flied out , Brett Lawrie hit a two - run single and Sierra made it 6 - 1 with a two - run double . The Twins have lost five of their last six games . Chris Colabello hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Twins , who have lost six of their last seven games . The Twins cut the lead to 6 - 4 in the eighth on a single by Brian Dozier , an RBI single by Plouffe and a wild pitch by Dustin McGowan .
DENVER -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are going to make a run at the playoffs for the first time in more than a decade . Nick Punto tied a career high with four hits , Carl Crawford drove in two runs and the Dodgers held on for a 7 - 4 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Friday night . The Dodgers ' magic number for clinching the NL West remained at three . Ricky Nolasco ( 12 - 9 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Chris Withrow got the final out for his first save of the season , striking out pinch-hitter Corey Dickerson with runners on second and third to end the game . Jhoulys Chacin ( 13 - 8 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games . The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the second . Andre Ethier led off with a double , Mark Ellis walked and Skip Schumaker singled to load the bases . Tim Federowicz hit a sacrifice fly and Carl Crawford added a two - run single . The Dodgers added a run in the fifth on a single by Carl Crawford , a single by Nick Punto and a sacrifice fly by Adrian Gonzalez . The Rockies made it 4 - 2 in the sixth on a double by DJ LeMahieu and an RBI groundout by Troy Tulowitzki . The Rockies made it 4 - 2 in the sixth on a double by DJ LeMahieu and an RBI groundout by Troy Tulowitzki . Rutledge led off the bottom of the eighth with a pinch-hit homer off Paco Rodriguez to make it 4 - 3 .
CHICAGO -- Jake Arrieta was n't going to let the game get away . Arrieta allowed three hits over 6 2/3 innings and the Chicago Cubs beat the Philadelphia Phillies 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Arrieta ( 3 - 3 ) struck out four and walked three . Welington Castillo drove in two runs with a double in the fourth , and Darwin Barney added a sacrifice fly in the Cubs ' three - run fourth . Kyle Kendrick ( 10 - 12 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . Darwin Barney singled with one out in the first and Anthony Rizzo walked . Kendrick struck out Nate Schierholtz before Sweeney singled to right to score Barney . Rizzo 's RBI double made it 2 - 0 in the third . The Cubs added two runs in the bottom half . Donnie Murphy led off with a single , Brian Bogusevic doubled and Welington Castillo followed with a two - run double . Kendrick hit Starlin Castro with a pitch before Darwin Barney 's sacrifice fly made it 5 - 1 . The Cubs added two runs in the eighth off JC Ramirez . Sweeney walked and Brian Bogusevic singled with one out . Ramirez then walked Luis Valbuena to force in a run and Starlin Castro 's sacrifice fly made it 7 - 1 . The Phillies threatened in the sixth , loading the bases with two outs before Cody Asche grounded out to end the inning . The Cubs added two more runs in the eighth off J. C. Ramirez . Sweeney walked and Brian Bogusevic singled with one out . After a walk to Welington Castillo loaded the bases , Luis Valbuena walked to force in a run and Castro 's sacrifice fly made it 7 - 1 .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Jon Lester had a lot to do with it . Lester struck out seven in 7 2/3 innings and the Boston Red Sox beat the St. Louis Cardinals 3 - 1 on Friday night . Lester ( 2 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits . He has allowed one earned run in his last two starts . David Ross doubled in the go-ahead run in the seventh and Jacoby Ellsbury had an RBI single for the Red Sox , who have won four of five . Wainwright ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out 10 and walked one . Dustin Pedroia doubled with one out in the first and scored on Ortiz 's double . Matt Holliday tied it in the fourth with a solo homer to straightaway center that tied it at 1 . Matt Holliday tied it in the bottom of the fourth with his first homer of the season , a solo shot that tied it at 1 . The Red Sox scored three runs in the seventh to take a 3 - 1 lead . Xander Bogaerts singled with one out and Stephen Drew walked before Ross doubled down the right-field line to put the Red Sox up 2 - 1 . Koji Uehara came on and struck out pinch-hitter Matt Adams for his second save in as many chances . The Cardinals had runners on second and third with one out in the eighth , but Koji Uehara got pinch-hitter Matt Adams to fly out for his second save in as many chances . Uehara worked a perfect ninth for his second save in as many chances .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Jonny Gomes is making a strong case to stay in the majors . Gomes hit a three - run homer and the Boston Red Sox beat the St. Louis Cardinals 4 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight victory . Gomes hit a three - run homer off Lance Lynn ( 0 - 1 ) in the sixth inning to give the Red Sox a 4 - 1 lead . Felix Doubront ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run in 2 2/3 innings for his first major league win . Koji Uehara worked the ninth for his first save . Lance Lynn ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and three hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Matt Carpenter singled with one out and scored on Beltran 's single . The Red Sox loaded the bases with no outs in the fifth on a double by David Ortiz , a walk to Jonny Gomes and a walk to Xander Bogaerts . Ortiz scored on Stephen Drew 's sacrifice fly to tie it at 1 . The Cardinals cut the deficit to 4 - 2 in the seventh on a two - out double by Shane Robinson and an RBI single by Carpenter . Craig Breslow came in and walked Carlos Beltran before Junichi Tazawa got Matt Holliday to ground out to end the inning . Pinch-hitter Shane Robinson doubled with two outs in the seventh and scored on Carpenter 's single to make it 4 - 2 . Junichi Tazawa walked Carlos Beltran before Junichi Tazawa got Matt Holliday to ground out to end the inning .
LOS ANGELES -- Zack Greinke 's first major league win was a memorable one . Greinke allowed two runs and six hits over seven innings , and the Los Angeles Dodgers held on for a 6 - 4 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Wednesday night . Greinke ( 1 - 0 ) struck out four and walked one in his first major league start since Sept. 28 , 2007 , when he was with the Los Angeles Dodgers . He was activated from the disabled list before the game . The Cardinals scored two runs in the ninth off Dodgers closer Kenley Jansen on an RBI single by Matt Adams and a run-scoring single by Pete Kozma . The Cardinals have lost six of their last seven games . Joe Kelly ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings , struck out three and walked none . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Juan Uribe 's RBI single and Greinke 's RBI single . The Cardinals tied it in the third on Carlos Beltran 's RBI triple and Matt Holliday 's RBI double . Gonzalez hit his second homer of the season in the third to put the Dodgers ahead 3 - 2 . It was Gonzalez 's first multihomer game of the season and first since May 7 , 2007 , against the Dodgers . Crawford hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Dodgers ' first run . Ellis homered off Edward Mujica in the seventh to make it 5 - 2 . Dodgers shortstop Nick Punto left the game in the eighth inning with a strained left hamstring . He was hit by a pitch from John Axford and was replaced by Andre Ethier .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Max Scherzer is making the most of his opportunity . Scherzer struck out a season-high 11 in seven strong innings , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Oakland Athletics 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Scherzer ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs and three hits , including Yoenis Cespedes ' two - run homer in the seventh that cut Detroit 's lead to 3 - 2 . The right-hander has allowed three or fewer earned runs in 10 of his 12 starts this season . Scherzer struck out a season-high 11 and walked two in his first start of the season . Yoenis Cespedes hit a tying two - run homer in the seventh for the A 's , who lost their second straight following a four - game winning streak . Joaquin Benoit struck out the side in the ninth for his first save . Bartolo Colon ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Tigers jumped on Colon for three runs in the first . Austin Jackson led off with a double and Torii Hunter was hit by a pitch . Miguel Cabrera followed with an RBI single , and Prince Fielder grounded into a double play . Alex Avila 's RBI single made it 3 - 0 . The A 's lost for the seventh time in nine games . Scherzer struck out the side in the second , then struck out Josh Reddick and Stephen Vogt to end the inning . Cespedes tripled with one out in the second but was stranded when Josh Reddick struck out and Stephen Vogt lined out to end the inning . The A 's lost their fourth straight and sixth in seven games .
BALTIMORE -- Nelson Cruz is making a habit of playing the outfield for the first time in his career . Cruz hit a tiebreaking homer in the seventh inning , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Boston Red Sox 2 - 1 on Tuesday night to end a four - game losing streak . It was Sizemore 's second homer of the season , and his first since April 27 . Cruz led off the bottom of the seventh with a drive to left that traveled an estimated 422 feet . It was his second homer in two games , and the first by a Red Sox player since July 7 , 2004 , when he was with the New York Yankees . It was Cruz 's first home run since May 7 , 2007 , when he was with the New York Yankees . The Red Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth against Evan Meek before Brian Matusz got A. J. Pierzynski to ground out . Tommy Hunter worked the ninth for his first save . Jon Lester ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Orioles starter Chris Tillman gave up one run and seven hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Orioles went up 1 - 0 in the second inning when Nelson Cruz drew a leadoff walk , took third on a single by Wieters and scored on a double-play grounder by Delmon Young . Sizemore tied it in the fourth with a drive into the left-field seats . It was his fourth of the season and second in two games . Tillman gave up one run and seven hits in five innings , striking out four and walking one .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- Zack Greinke was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Greinke won his fifth straight start and the Los Angeles Dodgers held on for a 6 - 4 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Friday night . Greinke ( 5 - 0 ) allowed an unearned run and seven hits in six innings , striking out six and walking one . Kenley Jansen got Chris Colabello to ground out for his 10th save in 12 chances . Kenley Jansen got the final out for his 10th save in 12 chances . Kyle Gibson ( 3 - 2 ) gave up five runs on nine hits and three walks in 6 2/3 innings for the Twins , who have lost five of their last six games . The Twins have lost five of their last six games . The Dodgers took a 2 - 1 lead in the seventh on Andre Ethier 's RBI double and Juan Uribe 's two - run single off reliever Michael Tonkin . The Twins loaded the bases with one out in the seventh on a double by Kurt Suzuki , a single by Eduardo Escobar and a walk to Joe Mauer . Chris Withrow came in and retired Trevor Plouffe on a foul pop to end the inning . The Dodgers tacked on a run in the eighth when Gordon doubled and scored on Puig 's single off Brian Duensing . The Dodgers took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on RBI singles by Hanley Ramirez and Adrian Gonzalez . The Dodgers took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on RBI singles by Hanley Ramirez and Adrian Gonzalez .
BOSTON ( AP ) -- The Boston Red Sox are making it look easy . Jackie Bradley Jr. hit a two - run double during a five - run sixth inning , Shane Victorino had four hits and the Red Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Red Sox won for the fourth time in five games and moved two games over .500 for the first time this season . John Lackey ( 4 - 2 ) gave up two runs and six hits in eight innings , striking out five and walking one . Koji Uehara got the final out for his sixth save , striking out Ben Zobrist with runners on first and third to end it . The Rays , who had won four of their previous five games , fell to 0 - 4 on their 10-game homestand . Brandon Gomes ( 1 - 1 ) walked Mike Napoli leading off the sixth and Jonny Gomes walked before Xander Bogaerts flied out . A. J. Pierzynski and Will Middlebrooks followed with RBI doubles before Will Middlebrooks doubled in a run and Shane Victorino added an RBI double . John Lackey ( 4 - 2 ) gave up two runs and six hits in eight innings , striking out five and walking one . He was pulled after giving up a double to Wil Myers and an RBI single to Ryan Hanigan in the seventh that made it 6 - 2 . The Red Sox made it 7 - 2 in the eighth against Joel Peralta . Dustin Pedroia and Shane Victorino singled before Ortiz drove in Pedroia with a single to left . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Will Middlebrooks walked , took third on a double by Jackie Bradley Jr. and scored on Shane Victorino 's sacrifice fly . The Rays tied it in the sixth on a double by Desmond Jennings and a single by Matt Joyce . Evan Longoria followed with a sacrifice fly to center . Rays starter Erik Bedard gave up one run and four hits in five innings .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Salvador Perez had a big night at the plate . Perez hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs , and the Kansas City Royals beat the Toronto Blue Jays 10 - 7 on Tuesday night . Perez hit a two - run double off Brett Cecil ( 0 - 2 ) in the eighth inning to help the Royals snap a four - game losing streak . Perez also had a two - run double . Perez hit a two - run homer off Blue Jays reliever Steve Delabar in the seventh to cut Toronto 's lead to 5 - 4 . Eric Hosmer led off the Royals ' eighth with a single off Brett Cecil ( 0 - 2 ) and Billy Butler followed with a single to put runners at the corners . Alex Gordon struck out , but Perez lined a double down the right-field line to score Hosmer and Paredes to make it 6 - 5 . Norichika Aoki added an RBI single and Omar Infante added a two - run single off Esmil Rogers to make it 10 - 5 . Encarnacion hit a two - run homer off Louis Coleman in the ninth . Toronto 's Dustin McGowan gave up three runs , two earned , and three hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Blue Jays jumped out to a 1 - 0 lead on Edwin Encarnacion 's two - run homer in the first , but the Blue Jays answered with two in the bottom half . Billy Butler led off the inning with a single and Alex Gordon walked . Butler scored on a wild pitch and Mike Moustakas walked before Escobar grounded into a fielder 's choice . Vargas then uncorked a wild pitch that allowed Cabrera to score , giving the Blue Jays a 2 - 1 lead . The Blue Jays padded their lead in the seventh . Colby Rasmus led off with a double and scored on Reyes ' single . Cabrera followed with an RBI double to make it 5 - 2 . Perez hit a two - run homer off Steve Delabar in the seventh to make it 5 - 4 .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Jose Abreu is making a strong case to stay in the big leagues . Abreu hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs to lead the Chicago White Sox to a 9 - 2 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Friday night . Abreu , who had two hits , drove in four runs , including a two - run homer in a five - run sixth that gave the White Sox a 4 - 1 lead . Abreu 's homer was his fourth of the season and second in two games . He also hit a two - run double in the opener of a three - game series at Boston on Monday night . Abreu 's homer came after Gordon Beckham led off the inning with a walk and stole second . Scott Carroll ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and six hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Price ( 3 - 2 ) gave up eight runs -- six earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The White Sox broke the game open with a five - run sixth . Gordon Beckham reached on second baseman Ben Zobrist 's fielding error and Adam Eaton singled to start the inning . Josh Lueke came in and gave up an RBI double to Marcus Semien and a two - run single to Alexei Ramirez that made it 9 - 1 . Evan Longoria had an RBI single in the eighth for Tampa Bay . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth . David DeJesus singled with two outs and scored when Viciedo misplayed Yunel Escobar 's fly ball for an error . The Rays loaded the bases with one out in the sixth , but Carroll got Evan Longoria to ground into a double play .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- The Pittsburgh Pirates had a lot to do with it . Tony Sanchez hit a two - run single with two outs in the ninth inning and the Pirates beat the St. Louis Cardinals 6 - 1 on Tuesday night to end a four - game losing streak . The Pirates won for the seventh time in eight games and moved two games above .500 for the first time this season . The Pirates won for the seventh time in eight games and moved within two games of the first-place Cardinals in the NL Central . The Cardinals have lost four of five . Stolmy Pimentel ( 2 - 0 ) allowed one run and two hits in 2 2/3 innings for the win . Tyler Lyons ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Pirates scored four runs in the fourth . Starling Marte drew a leadoff walk and Josh Harrison followed with a single . Andrew McCutchen followed with an RBI single and Sanchez followed with a two - run double to make it 3 - 0 . The Cardinals cut the deficit to 4 - 1 in the fifth when Matt Carpenter drew a one - out walk , Jhonny Peralta walked and Matt Holliday hit a one - out double to cut the lead to 4 - 1 . But Jared Hughes retired Yadier Molina on a fly to center to end the inning . Matt Carpenter drew a one - out walk in the fifth and scored on a double by Matt Holliday to cut the Cardinals ' lead to 4 - 1 . Jared Hughes replaced Lyons and struck out Adams and got Yadier Molina to fly out to end the inning . The Pirates added two runs in the ninth off Eric Fornaro , who was making his major league debut . Ike Davis led off with a walk and went to second on Neil Walker 's flyout to deep center . Jordy Mercer grounded out before Sanchez hit a two - run single .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Detroit Tigers finally found a way to win . Nick Castellanos homered and drove in three runs , Casey Fien pitched a perfect ninth inning and the Tigers held on for a 10 - 6 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Friday night . The Tigers have won four of their last five games . Rick Porcello ( 3 - 1 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings for the win . Kevin Correia ( 0 - 3 ) gave up eight runs -- seven earned -- and eight hits in 2 1/3 innings in his second start of the season . The Tigers batted around in a six - run third inning against Correia ( 0 - 3 ) , who gave up eight runs , seven of them earned , on eight hits and two walks in 2 1/3 innings . Correia is 0 - 3 with a 9.61 ERA in his last four starts . Brian Dozier homered in the sixth for the Twins , who have lost six of their last seven games . Joe Mauer reached on an error by second baseman Ian Kinsler and scored on Plouffe 's double off Evan Reed in the seventh to make it 10 - 6 . The Tigers batted around in the third , when Correia was charged with eight runs and eight hits in 2 1/3 innings . Jason Kubel and Josmil Pinto hit consecutive one - out doubles in the second , and Kurt Suzuki 's sacrifice fly scored Kubel to make it 2 - 1 . Sam Fuld followed with a single , but Porcello struck out Pedro Florimon to end the inning . The Twins have lost five of their last six games .
DENVER ( AP ) -- Franklin Morales did n't have his best stuff . He pitched seven strong innings , and the Colorado Rockies beat the San Francisco Giants 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Morales ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and five hits , struck out seven and walked two to win for the first time in five starts . LaTroy Hawkins got the final two outs for his sixth save in as many chances . He got Angel Pagan to ground out with runners on first and second to end the game . Madison Bumgarner ( 2 - 2 ) gave up two runs and nine hits in eight innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . Tulowitzki led off the fourth with his first home run of the season . Wilin Rosario and Justin Morneau followed with singles before Bumgarner got Drew Stubbs to ground into a double play . Colorado evened it in the fifth on Hunter Pence 's second homer of the season , a solo shot that tied it at 1 . Arenado led off the bottom of the fifth with his second homer of the season to make it 2 - 1 . It was the first home run allowed by Bumgarner in four starts this season . The Giants did n't get another hit until Bumgarner 's two - out double in the seventh , but Angel Pagan struck out to end the inning . Pence led off the eighth with a single off Adam Ottavino and moved to second on Michael Morse 's one - out single . Rex Brothers came on and got Pablo Sandoval to ground into a double play to end the inning . Pinch-hitter Brandon Crawford walked with one out in the ninth and Hawkins came in to strike out pinch hitter Hector Sanchez and got Angel Pagan to ground out to end the game .
CLEVELAND -- The Cleveland Indians have been waiting all season to get back into the playoff race . The Indians won for the seventh time in eight games , beating the Kansas City Royals 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Indians have won four of their last five games and are a season-high 10 games over .500 . Kipnis hit a two - run homer off Jeremy Guthrie ( 2 - 1 ) in the sixth inning to give Cleveland a 4 - 3 lead . Zach McAllister ( 3 - 0 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in six innings . John Axford worked the ninth for his seventh save in nine chances . Jeremy Guthrie ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in 6 1/3 innings . Brantley 's two - run homer in the fourth off Jeremy Guthrie ( 2 - 1 ) gave Cleveland a 2 - 0 lead . The Royals took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth . Mike Moustakas led off with a double and scored on Alcides Escobar 's double . Jarrod Dyson bunted for a hit and Escobar scored on Omar Infante 's two - out single . Kipnis ' homer put Cleveland ahead 4 - 3 in the sixth . Nick Swisher led off with a double and Kipnis followed with his fourth homer . The Royals had runners on first and second with two outs in the sixth , but McAllister got Mike Moustakas to fly out to end the inning . David Murphy singled in the third for the Indians ' first hit , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double .
MIAMI ( AP ) -- The Miami Marlins had a lot to do with that . Adeiny Hechavarria hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly in the eighth inning , and the Marlins beat the Seattle Mariners 3 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fifth consecutive victory . The Marlins won for only the second time in their past nine home games and improved to 5 - 0 against the Mariners this season . The Marlins trailed 2 - 1 when Christian Yelich led off the eighth with a double off Tom Wilhelmsen ( 0 - 1 ) . Giancarlo Stanton was intentionally walked and Charlie Furbush walked Marcell Ozuna to load the bases . Cishek then struck out pinch-hitter Michael Saunders to end the inning . The Mariners , who have the worst record in the majors , lost for the fifth time in six games . Corey Hart led off the ninth with a double and advanced to second on a groundout by Dustin Ackley . Justin Smoak then walked before Cishek struck out pinch-hitter Kyle Seager to end the game . The Marlins improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . The Mariners loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh , but Carlos Marmol struck out pinch hitter Kyle Seager to end the threat . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Corey Hart led off with a double and scored on Justin Smoak 's sacrifice fly . The Mariners made it 2 - 0 in the fourth when Robinson Cano led off with a double and scored on Dustin Ackley 's sacrifice fly . The Marlins cut the deficit to 2 - 1 in the fifth when Garrett Jones singled with one out and scored on a single by Donovan Solano .
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) -- Josh Reddick is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Reddick singled home the winning run in the ninth inning to give the Oakland Athletics a 4 - 3 victory over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . The A 's won for the fourth time in five games following a five - game losing streak . Lowrie led off the ninth with a home run off Chad Qualls ( 0 - 1 ) . Josh Donaldson followed with a walk and Yoenis Cespedes singled before Qualls struck out pinch-hitter John Jaso . Dan Otero ( 3 - 0 ) then struck out L. J. Hoes to end the threat . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . Jonathan Villar hit his first home run of the season with one out in the third off Scott Kazmir , who allowed three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in eight innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The A 's tied it in the bottom of the third when Daric Barton led off with a double and scored on Craig Gentry 's double . Villar doubled with one out in the fifth and scored on catcher Derek Norris ' throwing error . The A 's loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth on singles by Josh Reddick and Nick Punto and a walk to Coco Crisp . Anthony Bass came in and retired Jed Lowrie on a foul pop to end the inning . The A 's loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth on singles by Josh Reddick and Nick Punto , but Anthony Bass retired Jed Lowrie on a foul pop to end the threat . Oberholtzer allowed one run and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out three and walked two .
NEW YORK -- Aaron Harang had a lot to do with it . Harang struck out five in seven shutout innings , and the Atlanta Braves beat the New York Mets 6 - 0 on Tuesday night . Harang ( 3 - 1 ) gave up one hit and a season-high six walks . He threw 121 pitches , 70 for strikes . Jonathon Niese ( 0 - 2 ) gave up one run and four hits in six - plus innings . He struck out seven and walked three , including a second-inning double to Chris Johnson that scored Justin Upton . Niese ( 0 - 2 ) was making his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained right shoulder . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Chris Johnson doubled home Justin Upton , who led off with a single . The Braves added four runs in the eighth against reliever Gonzalez Germen . B. J. Upton singled with one out and Freddie Freeman doubled to put runners at second and third . Justin Upton followed with a sacrifice fly to make it 6 - 0 . The Mets threatened in the sixth when Eric Young Jr. drew a one - out walk and moved to second on David Wright 's walk before Harang struck out Curtis Granderson to end the inning . The Mets threatened in the sixth when Eric Young Jr. drew a one - out walk and moved to second on David Wright 's walk before Harang struck out pinch-hitter Andrew Brown . Harang walked Travis d'Arnaud and Ruben Tejada with two outs in the seventh , then struck out pinch-hitter Andrew Brown . Upton hit a one - out single off Jeurys Familia in the ninth and scored on Justin Upton 's sacrifice fly .
BALTIMORE -- For the first time in more than two months , the Baltimore Orioles found a way to win . Zach Britton struck out Wil Myers with the bases loaded and two outs in the seventh inning , and the Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 3 - 0 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . It was the first time this season the Orioles won a game . Gonzalez ( 1 - 1 ) allowed three hits and three walks in five innings , striking out six . Tommy Hunter worked the ninth for his fourth save . Jake Odorizzi ( 1 - 2 ) gave up three runs , five hits and three walks in five innings . The Orioles took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Nelson Cruz drew a leadoff walk and Chris Davis singled before Adam Jones singled to load the bases . Cruz scored on a sacrifice fly by Matt Wieters before Hardy drove in a run with a groundout . The Orioles made it 3 - 0 in the fifth . After Ryan Flaherty drew a one - out walk , Nick Markakis singled and Chris Davis walked to load the bases for Jones , who singled in a run . The Orioles made it 3 - 0 in the fifth . Ryan Flaherty drew a one - out walk , took second on a single by Nick Markakis and scored on a single by Adam Jones . The Rays loaded the bases with one out in the seventh , but Zach Britton got Ben Zobrist to ground into a fielder 's choice and struck out Wil Myers to end the threat . Zach Britton worked three innings of two - hit ball in relief of Tampa Bay 's Zach Britton , who worked the eighth . Desmond Jennings led off the ninth with a single , but Hunter got Logan Forsythe to hit into a fielder 's choice and pinch hitter Brandon Guyer struck out .
HOUSTON -- The Kansas City Royals have n't had a winning season so far this season . Mike Moustakas hit a tiebreaking home run in the 11th inning and the Royals beat the Houston Astros 6 - 4 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight victory . The Royals have won six of their last seven games . Jose Altuve singled off Danny Duffy ( 1 - 0 ) to start the bottom of the 10th before pinch-hitter Chris Carter walked with two outs . Matt Dominguez followed with a single to center , but L. J. Hoes struck out to end the inning . Moustakas connected off Jerome Williams ( 0 - 1 ) to start the 11th . Danny Duffy ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three hits in two scoreless innings for the win . He struck out L. J. Hoes with runners on first and third to end the 10th . Marc Krauss hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Astros , who have lost five of their last six games . Lorenzo Cain and Alcides Escobar singled with one out in the seventh before Eric Hosmer walked to load the bases . Kevin Chapman came on and gave up a two - run single to Salvador Perez to tie it at 4 . Houston starter Dallas Keuchel allowed six hits and two runs in six innings . Valencia 's homer to the Crawford Boxes in left field put Houston up 1 - 0 in the second inning . George Springer singled with one out in the third before Castro 's homer . The Royals loaded the bases with one out in the fourth on a walk to Alex Gordon and a single by Danny Valencia before hitting Justin Maxwell with a pitch to load the bases . Gordon scored on a groundout by Lorenzo Cain to tie it at 2 .
MILWAUKEE -- The St. Louis Cardinals are starting to find ways to win . Jhonny Peralta hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning , Jhonny Peralta added a two - run shot and the Cardinals beat the Milwaukee Brewers 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . The Cardinals won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 5 - 0 at Miller Park this season . Miller ( 1 - 2 ) gave up one run and three hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Marco Estrada ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Cardinals grabbed a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Yadier Molina was hit by a pitch with one out and Jhonny Peralta followed with a double down the left-field line . Molina scored on Mark Ellis ' groundout to second . The Cardinals added a run in the third when Matt Carpenter walked , took second on a wild pitch and scored on Mark Ellis ' sacrifice fly . The Cardinals made it 3 - 0 in the fourth . Matt Adams singled , took second on a wild pitch and scored on Mark Ellis ' sacrifice fly . Aramis Ramirez hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . The Brewers had runners on first and second with two outs in the sixth , but Ryan Braun was thrown out trying to steal second to end the inning . Peralta hit a two - run homer off Jim Henderson in the ninth .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Oakland Athletics had a lot to do with that . Josh Donaldson drove in the go-ahead run with a double in the 11th inning , and the A 's held on for a 10 - 9 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Friday night . The A 's won their fourth in a row and fifth in their last six games . Trout hit a two - run homer off Sean Doolittle in the ninth to tie it at 9 . Jed Lowrie singled off Yoslan Herrera ( 0 - 1 ) to start the 11th and scored on Donaldson 's double to right-center . Jim Johnson ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Mike Trout hit a tying two - run homer off Sean Doolittle in the ninth for the Angels , who have lost five of six . Trout had a one - out single in the 11th and stole second before Pujols was intentionally walked to load the bases for Raul Ibanez , who grounded out to second to end the inning . The Angels took a 6 - 3 lead in the eighth on Brandon Moss ' RBI single and Norris ' two - run single off Jose Alvarez . The Angels took a 6 - 3 lead in the fourth on Iannetta 's two - run double and Calhoun 's two - run homer . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Trout 's RBI double and Howie Kendrick 's RBI single . The A 's tied it in the third on Sogard 's RBI single and Lowrie 's RBI double .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- Jon Jay is making a strong case to stay in the big leagues . Jay hit a three - run homer and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Milwaukee Brewers 4 - 0 on Wednesday night . Jay 's homer came after Matt Adams doubled and Jhonny Peralta singled with two outs in the sixth for St. Louis . Jay 's homer was his fourth of the season and second in two games . Jay 's homer came after Matt Holliday singled to lead off the sixth . Lynn ( 3 - 0 ) gave up three hits and three walks while striking out a season-high 11 in seven shutout innings . Matt Garza ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Brewers have lost five of six . Jhonny Peralta led off the second with a home run for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Lynn was helped by a double play in the fifth after Logan Schafer 's double put runners on second and third with one out . Lynn struck out Garza on three pitches to end the inning . The Brewers had runners on second and third with two outs in the fifth , but Lynn struck out Garza on three pitches to end the inning . Jean Segura doubled with one out in the sixth , but Lynn struck out Ryan Braun and got Jonathan Lucroy to fly out .
BALTIMORE -- For the first time in more than two months , the Baltimore Orioles found a way to win . The 7 - 1 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Friday night was their fourth in a row and sixth in the last seven games . The Orioles have won six of their last seven games , including four straight at Camden Yards . Wei-Yin Chen ( 2 - 1 ) gave up one run and five hits in 6 1/3 innings , striking out four and walking two . Chris Archer ( 1 - 1 ) gave up seven runs and 12 hits in five - plus innings . He struck out six , walked one and hit a batter . The Rays have lost five of their last six games . Archer ( 1 - 1 ) gave up seven runs and 12 hits in five - plus innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Orioles went up 1 - 0 in the first inning when Nelson Cruz singled and scored on a two - out single by Matt Wieters . Baltimore made it 4 - 0 in the second . J. J. Hardy doubled and scored on a single by Ryan Flaherty . Nelson Cruz added an RBI double and Chris Davis followed with an RBI double . The Orioles made it 6 - 0 in the third . Wieters led off with a double and scored on a double by J. J. Hardy before Steve Lombardozzi singled in a run . The Orioles made it 7 - 0 in the fifth . Ben Zobrist drew a one - out walk and took second on a single by Desmond Jennings before scoring on a single by Evan Longoria . The Rays got a run in the sixth on an RBI single by Evan Longoria .
MILWAUKEE -- Kyle Lohse has been one of the best pitchers in the majors . The right-hander struck out nine in a career-high 8 2/3 innings to lead the Milwaukee Brewers to a 4 - 1 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Wednesday night . Lohse ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four hits , walked none and lowered his ERA to 3.05 , the best mark in the majors . The Brewers have won all four of Lohse 's starts this season . Will Smith came on to strike out Pedro Alvarez to end the game and earn his first career save . Charlie Morton ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and six hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Martin Maldonado led off with a double and scored on Carlos Gomez 's sacrifice fly . The Pirates tied it in the fourth on consecutive singles by Starling Marte and Jose Tabata and a sacrifice fly by Andrew McCutchen . The Brewers made it 4 - 1 in the sixth . Ryan Braun led off with a double and scored on Aramis Ramirez 's single to make it 4 - 1 . The Brewers added a run in the sixth . Aramis Ramirez walked with one out and Lyle Overbay doubled to put runners on second and third . Scooter Gennett then scored when catcher Tony Sanchez threw the ball away trying for a double play . The Pirates , who have lost five of their last six games , scored two runs in the sixth to make it 4 - 1 . Aramis Ramirez walked with one out and Lyle Overbay doubled to put runners on second and third with one out . Scooter Gennett then scored when catcher Tony Sanchez threw wildly to the plate trying to get Gennett at the plate , and Overbay scored when catcher Tony Sanchez threw wildly to the plate .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Freddie Freeman is hitting just .490 with runners in scoring position . Freeman hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs to lead the Atlanta Braves to a 10 - 2 victory over the Washington Nationals on Friday night . Freeman , who had a two - run homer in the opener of a three - game series , had a two - run homer and four RBIs . Justin Upton , Justin Upton , Justin Upton and Andrelton Simmons all homered for the Braves , who have won four of five . Aaron Harang ( 2 - 1 ) gave up one run on five hits and one walk in six innings . Gio Gonzalez ( 2 - 1 ) gave up six runs on nine hits and four walks in six innings . He struck out six . Upton 's homer gave Atlanta a 3 - 0 lead in the first . The Braves added three runs in the second . Tyler Pastornicky led off with a triple and scored on Jason Heyward 's double . Freeman 's two - run homer off Gonzalez made it 6 - 0 . The Nationals cut the lead to 6 - 1 in the fifth . Kevin Frandsen led off with a double and scored on Jose Lobaton 's groundout . The Braves added four runs in the eighth . Jason Heyward reached on an error by shortstop Ian Desmond , stole second and scored on Freddie Freeman 's double . Gus Blevins gave up LaRoche 's homer in the ninth .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- Dustin McGowan did n't have his best stuff . The Toronto Blue Jays right-hander pitched 6 1/3 innings of five - hit ball to earn his first win of the season , and the Blue Jays beat the Baltimore Orioles 2 - 0 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . McGowan ( 1 - 1 ) struck out two , walked one and permitted only one runner past second base . The right-hander was 0 - 2 in his first two starts of the season and was 0 - 2 in his first four starts of the season . Sergio Santos worked the ninth for his fourth save . Chris Tillman ( 1 - 1 ) gave up two unearned runs and three hits in eight innings , striking out six and walking one . The Orioles have lost six of their last seven games . The Blue Jays used an error by third baseman Jonathan Schoop to go up 2 - 0 in the fourth . Jose Bautista reached on a one - out error by third baseman Jonathan Schoop and took second on a single by Edwin Encarnacion . After Chris Davis singled to load the bases , McGowan retired Adam Jones on a fly to center . The Orioles loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth , but McGowan got Adam Jones to fly out . The Orioles did n't get a runner past second base until the seventh , when Ryan Flaherty was hit by a pitch to open the inning . The Blue Jays put runners at the corners with two outs in the eighth , but Maicer Izturis grounded out to end the inning . The Blue Jays put runners at the corners with two outs in the eighth before Maicer Izturis grounded out .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Paul Goldschmidt 's first home run in more than a year . Goldschmidt hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs to lead the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 7 - 3 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Friday night . Goldschmidt hit a three - run homer in the first inning off Lincecum ( 0 - 1 ) , who was making his major league debut after being called up from the minors earlier in the day . Goldschmidt 's homer was his fourth of the season . Bronson Arroyo ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three runs and six hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out two . Tim Lincecum ( 0 - 1 ) was tagged for seven runs and seven hits in four - plus innings . He walked one and struck out five . Goldschmidt hit a three - run homer in the first inning to give the Diamondbacks a 3 - 0 lead . Morse led off the bottom of the second with his first home run of the season , a solo shot to left that cut it to 3 - 1 . Angel Pagan had three hits for the Giants , who have lost four of their last five games . The Diamondbacks added a pair of runs in the third on Paul Goldschmidt 's sacrifice fly and Eric Chavez 's RBI triple . Parra hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 7 - 2 . Buster Posey hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Buster Posey hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Giants , who have lost four of five .
LOS ANGELES -- The Detroit Tigers have n't had a winning record since the All-Star break . Victor Martinez hit a go-ahead homer in the 10th inning and the Tigers held on for a 7 - 6 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Wednesday night . The Tigers , who have the best record in the majors , have won six of their last seven games . Joe Nathan ( 2 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up a tying homer to Adrian Gonzalez in the bottom of the ninth . Kenley Jansen ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss after giving up a leadoff homer to Adrian Gonzalez and a single to Austin Jackson . Ian Krol got the last two outs of the 10th , and Al Alburquerque got the final out for his first save . Adrian Gonzalez hit a leadoff homer in the bottom of the ninth for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Ian Krol got the last two outs of the 10th , and Al Alburquerque got the last out for his first save . Castellanos hit a three - run homer in the third to give the Tigers a 5 - 3 lead . The Tigers extended their lead to 6 - 3 in the seventh on Austin Jackson 's sacrifice fly off Jamey Wright . Anibal Sanchez allowed three runs -- one earned -- and six hits in five innings , struck out six and walked one . He also had an RBI single in the first . Castellanos hit a three - run homer in the third to make it 5 - 3 .
CLEVELAND -- David Murphy is making a habit of hitting for the cycle . Murphy hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs to lead the Cleveland Indians to an 8 - 6 win over the San Diego Padres on Friday night . Murphy 's homer in the fourth inning off Tyson Ross ( 0 - 2 ) gave the Indians a 6 - 2 lead . It was his fourth of the season and second in two days . Murphy is hitting .364 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last six games . Corey Kluber ( 1 - 1 ) allowed three runs and nine hits over six innings for his first win since Sept. 22 , 2007 , for the New York Yankees against the Chicago White Sox . John Axford recorded the final out for his third save in three chances . Tyson Ross ( 0 - 2 ) gave up seven runs , two earned , in 5 1/3 innings . The Indians scored three runs in the third . Yan Gomes walked , David Murphy walked and Nyjer Morgan hit a grounder to Gyorko , who threw to second for an error . Gomes scored on Nick Swisher 's groundout and Jason Kipnis ' sacrifice fly made it 3 - 0 . San Diego cut it to 3 - 2 in the fourth . Yonder Alonso led off with a single and Yasmani Grandal doubled to put runners on second and third . Will Venable popped out , but Jedd Gyorko doubled to left to score Alonso and Grandal to make it 3 - 2 . Murphy 's homer made it 6 - 2 in the fourth . Kluber struck out the side in the sixth , but gave up a two - out double to Will Venable and an RBI single to Jedd Gyorko before striking out Tommy Medica to end the inning . The Indians added three runs in the sixth . Yan Gomes doubled with one out and scored on Murphy 's double to right . Morgan singled off Tim Stauffer to make it 8 - 3 .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Yu Darvish did n't have his best stuff . Elvis Andrus hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and the Texas Rangers beat the Tampa Bay Rays 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Darvish ( 1 - 0 ) allowed seven hits and one walk in seven innings , striking out six . Joakim Soria pitched a perfect ninth for his first save . Andrus hit a two - run homer off Joel Peralta ( 0 - 1 ) in the eighth to give the Rangers a 2 - 0 lead . Adrian Beltre reached on third baseman Evan Longoria 's fielding error leading off the ninth . Alex Rios followed with a single off Josh Lueke , who then got Mitch Moreland to hit into a double play . Neal Cotts came in and struck out Matt Joyce to end the inning . Cobb allowed three hits , struck out six and walked one in seven shutout innings . Cobb gave up three hits , struck out six and walked one in seven innings . The Rays had runners on second and third with one out in the fifth , but failed to score when Wil Myers popped out and Ben Zobrist flew out to end the inning . Ben Zobrist led off the Rays eighth with a single off Alexi Ogando , who then walked Desmond Jennings with two outs . Neal Cotts came in and struck out Matt Joyce to end the inning . The Rangers added an unearned run off Josh Lueke in the ninth . Adrian Beltre reached on an error by third baseman Evan Longoria and took second on Rios ' single . Mitch Moreland grounded into a double play , and Murphy followed with an RBI single .
WASHINGTON -- The Atlanta Braves are making the most of their opportunity . Chris Johnson hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly in the eighth inning , and the Braves beat the Washington Nationals 2 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Braves won for only the second time in their last 10 road games . The Braves won for the seventh time in eight games and moved within one game of first-place Philadelphia in the NL East . The Nationals have lost four of five . Heyward walked to lead off the eighth against Tyler Clippard ( 0 - 1 ) and took third on Freddie Freeman 's single . Johnson followed with a fly ball to deep left that B. J. Upton caught on the warning track . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth for his third save in as many chances . The Nationals , who have lost six of their last seven games , fell to 0 - 4 on their 10-game homestand . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead on Evan Gattis ' homer leading off the fifth , but the Braves tied it in the bottom of the inning . Anthony Rendon led off with a single , moved to second on a wild pitch and Jayson Werth walked . Adam LaRoche grounded into a fielder 's choice , loading the bases , and Ryan Zimmerman hit a sacrifice fly . Zimmermann allowed one run and four hits in five innings , striking out nine and walking one . Washington starter Jordan Zimmermann struck out nine in five innings , allowing one run and four hits . David Carpenter worked the eighth , allowing a single to Anthony Rendon and walking Jayson Werth before striking out Adam LaRoche and Harper .
DENVER -- Charlie Blackmon had a big night at the plate . Blackmon had a career-high six hits , including a homer , and drove in five runs , and the Colorado Rockies beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 12 - 2 on Wednesday night . Blackmon finished 6 for 6 with a career-high five RBIs and scored four times . He also had a career-high five RBIs and scored four times . The Rockies had a season-high 17 hits . Juan Nicasio ( 1 - 0 ) gave up one run and four hits in seven innings , striking out six and walking one . Randall Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in four innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Charlie Blackmon doubled and scored on Michael Cuddyer 's single . The Rockies made it 4 - 0 in the third on a two - run triple by Carlos Gonzalez and Troy Tulowitzki 's RBI single . Blackmon , who had a career-high five RBIs , hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 6 - 0 . Trumbo led off the fifth with a homer to left , his fourth of the season and second in as many games . Gonzalez hit a two - run homer off Joe Thatcher in the sixth to make it 8 - 1 . The Diamondbacks added a run in the eighth on Paul Goldschmidt 's RBI single off Chad Bettis .
PITTSBURGH -- Jason Hammel 's first major league win was a memorable one . Hammel pitched two - hit ball into the seventh inning and the Chicago Cubs beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hammel ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and two hits in 6 2/3 innings , striking out five and walking one . Cubs manager Joe Maddon was impressed with Hammel 's performance . Pedro Strop worked the ninth for his first save . Wandy Rodriguez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings , striking out five and walking one . Emilio Bonifacio led off the game with a single , stole second and scored on Anthony Rizzo 's single . Olt led off the second with his first home run of the season , but the Cubs did n't get another runner as far as third base . Bonifacio led off the third with a double and scored when Ruggiano grounded into a double play . The Cubs made it 3 - 0 in the third when Emilio Bonifacio led off with a double and scored when Ruggiano grounded into a double play . Hammel was lifted after walking Neil Walker with two outs in the seventh . James Russell came in and gave up a double to Gaby Sanchez and a two - run single to Tony Sanchez that cut it to 3 - 2 . Jordy Mercer flied out to end the inning . Pinch-hitter Jose Tabata led off the eighth with a single off Justin Grimm , who then struck out Starling Marte and Josh Harrison . After McCutchen walked , Brian Schlitter came on to face Pedro Alvarez .
HOUSTON -- Scott Feldman 's first major league win was a memorable one . Feldman pitched two - hit ball into the seventh inning and the Houston Astros beat the New York Yankees 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Jesus Guzman hit a two - run homer in Houston 's four - run first off CC Sabathia ( 0 - 1 ) , who was making his major league debut . Feldman ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two hits and struck out three in 6 2/3 innings to earn his first major league win . L. J. Hoes hit a solo homer in the second inning for the Astros , who have won six of their last seven games . Sabathia ( 0 - 1 ) allowed eight hits and six runs in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Dexter Fowler led off the Houston first with a double and scored on a single by Jose Altuve to make it 1 - 0 . Guzman followed with a two - run homer to make it 4 - 0 . Hoes led off the bottom of the second with a homer to the Crawford Boxes in left field to push the lead to 5 - 0 . Dexter Fowler doubled with one out and scored on a single by Jose Altuve to make it 6 - 0 . Sabathia walked L. J. Hoes leading off the fourth and Villar singled before Sabathia struck out Robbie Grossman to end the inning . Mark Teixeira singled with one out in the seventh before Feldman hit Brett Gardner with a pitch to load the bases . Kevin Chapman came in and walked Brian Roberts to load the bases before Kelly Johnson grounded into a force out to end the inning . Jacoby Ellsbury drew a leadoff walk in the eighth and Derek Jeter followed with a single off Chad Qualls . Ellsbury advanced to third on a groundout by Beltran and scored on Brian McCann 's single . Teixeira followed with an RBI single to cut the lead to 6 - 2 . Matt Albers pitched a scoreless ninth for Houston .
PHILADELPHIA -- Ryan Howard 's first homer in nearly a month . Howard hit a three - run shot with two outs in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the Philadelphia Phillies to a 6 - 3 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Friday night . Howard is hitting .240 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last six games . Justin Morneau and DJ LeMahieu also homered for the Rockies , who have won six of their last seven games . Howard 's homer in the ninth gave the Phillies a 6 - 3 lead . Jonathan Papelbon ( 1 - 1 ) tossed a scoreless ninth to earn the win . DJ LeMahieu gave the Rockies a 3 - 2 lead with a solo homer off Jake Diekman in the eighth . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on Justin Morneau 's leadoff homer and Wilin Rosario 's RBI double . The Phillies got a run back in the bottom of the inning when Chase Utley doubled and scored on Howard 's single . The Phillies tied it in the fifth on Byrd 's RBI single . The Rockies loaded the bases with no outs in the seventh against Antonio Bastardo , who walked Corey Dickerson and Wilin Rosario . Pinch-hitter Carlos Gonzalez grounded into a double play to end the threat . Lyles allowed two runs and five hits in five innings .
MILWAUKEE -- Nelson Cruz is hitting the ball hard . Cruz hit two home runs and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the Baltimore Orioles 8 - 3 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . It was Cruz 's second multihomer game of the season and the second of his career . Carlos Gomez , who had two hits , scored twice and drove in a run for the Brewers , who took two of three from the Orioles . Yovani Gallardo ( 3 - 3 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked five and struck out five . Bud Norris ( 3 - 5 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out one . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Ryan Braun walked , Jonathan Lucroy walked and Carlos Gomez singled to score Braun . Nelson Cruz hit his second home run of the game with one out in the second to tie it at 1 . The Brewers regained the lead in the bottom of the inning on Ryan Braun 's two - run double . Gomez was hit by a pitch to start the bottom of the third , stole second and scored on a sacrifice fly by Scooter Gennett to make it 4 - 1 . Cruz hit his second home run of the game with two outs in the sixth to cut it to 4 - 2 , but Cruz hit his second home run of the game in the bottom half to make it 4 - 2 . The Orioles cut the lead to 4 - 3 in the seventh on an RBI single by Rickie Weeks , who was pinch-hitting for Smith . Gomez doubled to lead off the eighth and scored on Weeks ' single to make it 5 - 3 . Davis followed with a two - run homer off Brian Matusz to make it 8 - 3 .
ATLANTA -- The Boston Red Sox keep finding ways to win . Jackie Bradley Jr. hit a two - run single in Boston 's four - run seventh inning , and the Red Sox beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games . Jon Lester ( 5 - 6 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out seven . Anthony Varvaro ( 1 - 1 ) gave up two hits and two runs in one - third of an inning . Koji Uehara pitched a perfect ninth for his 11th save in as many chances . The Red Sox took two of three from the Braves , who have lost five of six . The Braves have lost four straight and six of seven . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Dustin Pedroia . Jason Heyward led off the bottom of the first with a homer to left field . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the third . B. J. Upton led off with a double and scored on Chris Johnson 's sacrifice fly . The Braves took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth . Freddie Freeman led off with a triple and scored on Chris Johnson 's groundout . Harang gave up seven hits and two runs with seven strikeouts in six innings .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- The New York Mets finally found a way to win . Juan Lagares and Daniel Murphy hit consecutive RBI doubles in the sixth inning , and the Mets beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 4 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . New York won for the fourth time in five games and improved to a major league-best 18 - 8 since the All-Star break . Vic Black ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings of one - hit ball for his first major league win and Starling Marte hit a two - run single in the sixth for the Mets , who won for the fourth time in five games . Ruben Tejada led off the sixth with a walk against Jeanmar Gomez ( 0 - 2 ) and advanced to second on a wild pitch . He advanced to third on Eric Campbell 's groundout and scored on Lagares ' single . Vic Black ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Justin Wilson struck out Gaby Sanchez with runners at the corners to end the seventh . Starling Marte drew a one - out walk in the eighth and advanced to third on Neil Walker 's single . Pinch-hitter Pedro Alvarez hit into a 6 - 4 - 4 double play to end the inning . Jenrry Mejia pitched the ninth for his fourth save in four chances . Starling Marte hit a tying two - run single with two outs in the sixth for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Daniel Murphy hit a one - out double and scored on Bobby Abreu 's two - out single . Ruben Tejada doubled with one out in the fourth and scored on Lagares ' double . Niese allowed two runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out two .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Tim Hudson was n't sure what to expect from his teammates . Hudson pitched seven shutout innings , and the San Francisco Giants beat the Chicago Cubs 4 - 0 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Hudson ( 5 - 2 ) allowed six hits , struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Buster Posey hit a sacrifice fly in the fifth and Michael Morse added an RBI single for the Giants , who have won six of their last seven games . Jake Arrieta ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Cubs lost for the fourth time in five games . Angel Pagan led off the first with a single and scored on Buster Posey 's sacrifice fly . Michael Morse added an RBI single to give San Francisco a 2 - 0 lead . Ehire Adrianza singled leading off the fifth and scored on Buster Posey 's sacrifice fly to make it 3 - 0 . Pablo Sandoval added an RBI single to make it 4 - 0 . It was the first time this season San Francisco scored more than three runs in a game . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Buster Posey 's sacrifice fly and Michael Morse 's RBI single . But the Cubs did n't get a runner past second base after the first inning . It was the first time this season San Francisco scored more than three runs in a game . The Giants had n't scored more than three runs in any of their previous six games . The Giants have won six of their last seven games .
LOS ANGELES -- Andre Ethier is making a habit of getting a big hit . Ethier hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs , leading the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 6 - 3 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Friday night . Ethier 's bases-loaded triple in the fourth inning off Alfredo Simon ( 6 - 3 ) gave the Dodgers a 4 - 0 lead , and he scored on Chone Figgins ' single to center . Ethier , who leads the majors with a .277 batting average , had two hits and drove in four runs . Zack Greinke ( 8 - 1 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in 7 2/3 innings , struck out 11 and walked none . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 18 chances . Alfredo Simon ( 6 - 3 ) gave up five runs and five hits in 3 2/3 innings , struck out two and walked four . Ethier gave the Dodgers a 1 - 0 lead in the second with his second homer of the season after a leadoff single by Hanley Ramirez . The Dodgers extended their lead to 5 - 0 in the fourth on Ethier 's bases-loaded triple and Chone Figgins ' RBI single . The Reds made it 5 - 1 in the fifth on a two - out RBI single by Roger Bernadina . The Dodgers extended their lead to 6 - 1 in the seventh when Carl Crawford drew a one - out walk from reliever Sean Marshall and scored on Ramirez 's single . Devin Mesoraco hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Reds .
SEATTLE -- Chris Young has been one of the few bright spots for the AL Cy Young Award . Young pitched two - hit ball into the seventh inning and the Seattle Mariners beat the Los Angeles Angels 5 - 1 on Friday night . Young ( 4 - 2 ) gave up one run and two hits in 6 1/3 innings , striking out five and walking three . Tyler Skaggs ( 4 - 2 ) gave up five runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out eight , walked two and threw a wild pitch that allowed Dustin Ackley to score from third base in the second inning . Skaggs ( 4 - 2 ) gave up five runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The Angels have lost five of their last six games . James Jones and Michael Saunders singled to open the bottom of the first and scored on Robinson Cano 's single . Saunders scored on Justin Smoak 's groundout . The Mariners added an unearned run in the second . Dustin Ackley singled with one out and stole second . James Jones then hit a grounder to shortstop Erick Aybar , who threw to second for an error , allowing Dustin Ackley to score . Cano followed with an RBI single . The Angels , who have lost five of their last six games , have scored three runs or fewer in eight of their last 10 games . The Angels did n't get a runner to second base until Kole Calhoun 's one - out single in the sixth . Howie Kendrick followed with a grounder to second baseman Howie Kendrick , who threw to second for the second out . Charlie Furbush came in and retired C. J. Cron on a liner to center to end the threat . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth in a non-save situation .
PITTSBURGH -- Pittsburgh Pirates manager Clint Hurdle is n't worried about his team 's recent success . Josh Harrison singled home the go-ahead run in the seventh inning and the Pirates rallied for a 3 - 2 victory over the Washington Nationals on Friday night . The Pirates won for the seventh time in eight games and moved within one game of first-place St. Louis in the NL Central . The Pirates won for the seventh time in eight games and moved within one game of first-place St. Louis in the NL East . The Nationals have lost five of six . Strasburg ( 3 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking two . He was lifted for pinch hitter Travis Snider in the seventh with a 2 - 1 lead . Ian Desmond and Greg Dobbs each had two hits for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Mark Melancon worked a perfect ninth for his ninth save in 12 opportunities . Strasburg ( 3 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Ian Desmond hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth when Anthony Rendon singled with two outs , stole second and scored on Ramos ' single . Cole then hit Ian Desmond with a pitch to load the bases , but Greg Dobbs grounded out to end the inning . The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth when Anthony Rendon singled with two outs , stole second and scored on Wilson Ramos ' single to right . Andrew McCutchen singled with two outs in the sixth , but Strasburg struck out Ike Davis to end the inning .
TORONTO ( AP ) -- R. A. Dickey 's knuckleball was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Dickey allowed two runs and five hits in 8 1/3 innings to lead the Toronto Blue Jays to a 5 - 2 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 5 - 4 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 8 1/3 innings , walked one and struck out four . Brett Cecil got the final two outs for his third save in four chances , striking out Alberto Callaspo with the bases loaded to end it . Lawrie led off the bottom of the fifth with a homer to right , his fourth . Jesse Chavez ( 4 - 2 ) allowed four runs , two earned , and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out four . Cespedes put the A 's up 1 - 0 in the second with a one - out drive to right , his fifth . The Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half when Anthony Gose scored on a throwing error by left fielder Craig Gentry . Lawrie led off the fifth with a homer to left , his fourth . Anthony Gose singled and took third on a single by Jose Reyes , who advanced to third on a wild pitch . Fernando Rodriguez came on and got Jose Bautista to fly out , then got Adam Lind to ground into a double play . The A 's made it 5 - 1 in the eighth when Reyes doubled and scored on Melky Cabrera 's groundout against Fernando Rodriguez . The A 's cut it to 5 - 2 in the ninth on a sacrifice fly by pinch-hitter Jed Lowrie , but Brett Cecil struck out Alberto Callaspo for his third save .
MIAMI ( AP ) -- Mark Reynolds has been one of the best hitters in the majors . Reynolds homered twice and drove in four runs to lead the Milwaukee Brewers to a 9 - 5 victory over the Miami Marlins on Friday night . It was the third multihomer game of Reynolds ' career and first this season . The Brewers have won four of their past five games . Marco Estrada ( 4 - 2 ) allowed five runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven without a walk . Tom Koehler ( 4 - 4 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked none . The Brewers scored four runs in the fifth , capped by Reynolds ' two - run homer . Davis led off the sixth with a homer off Brad Hand to make it 9 - 4 . The Marlins scored three runs in the seventh on a solo homer by Giancarlo Stanton , a solo shot by Garrett Jones and an RBI single by Ed Lucas . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Jean Segura led off with a single , stole second and went to third on catcher Jarrod Saltalamacchia 's throwing error . Segura scored on Scooter Gennett 's sacrifice fly . The Marlins went ahead 3 - 1 in the fourth when Carlos Gomez led off with a double and scored on Reynolds ' two - run homer . The Brewers scored four runs in the fifth . Segura singled and scored on Scooter Gennett 's triple , and Gomez doubled to the wall in left-center to make it 5 - 1 . One out later , Gomez hit an RBI double and Reynolds followed with a two - run homer .
PITTSBURGH -- Edinson Volquez is making the most of it . Volquez won for the first time in more than a month and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Washington Nationals 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Volquez ( 2 - 4 ) gave up one run and three hits in six innings , walking two and striking out four . Mark Melancon worked around two walks in the ninth for his eighth save in 10 opportunities . Blake Treinen ( 0 - 2 ) gave up two runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings , walking five and striking out four . The Pirates loaded the bases with two outs in the third on a walk to Edinson Volquez , a single by Josh Harrison and a walk to Neil Walker . Andrew McCutchen was hit by a pitch to force in a run , but Pedro Alvarez flied out to end the inning . Ian Desmond hit a leadoff homer in the fourth for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . McCutchen 's RBI single in the fifth off Ross Detwiler gave the Pirates a 3 - 1 lead . Harrison 's RBI single off Ross Detwiler made it 3 - 1 in the eighth . The Nationals loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth against Tony Watson but pinch-hitter Scott Hairston popped out to end the inning . The Nationals loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth against Tony Watson , but pinch-hitter Scott Hairston popped out to end the inning . Mark Melancon worked around two walks in the ninth for his eighth save in 10 opportunities .
DENVER -- The San Francisco Giants finally found a way to win . Pablo Sandoval and Hector Sanchez hit consecutive singles in the eighth inning , and the Giants beat the Colorado Rockies 5 - 1 on Sunday to complete a three - game sweep . The Giants won for the fifth time in six games . Sandoval and Hector Sanchez hit consecutive doubles in the sixth to give San Francisco a 3 - 0 lead . Brandon Crawford added a solo homer in the seventh off Matt Belisle . Yusmeiro Petit ( 3 - 1 ) pitched three scoreless innings for the win . Jhoulys Chacin ( 0 - 3 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Rockies have lost four straight and six of seven . Pence led off the fourth with his fourth homer of the season to give the Giants a 1 - 0 lead . The Giants added a run in the sixth on Sandoval 's second homer of the season , a two - out double by Michael Morse and an RBI double by Hector Sanchez . The Giants added a run in the eighth when Hunter Pence walked , took third on a single by Sandoval and scored on Michael Morse 's groundout . The Rockies got a run back in the eighth against Juan Gutierrez on a single by DJ LeMahieu , a single by Brandon Barnes and a bunt single by Charlie Blackmon . Javier Lopez came in and got Cuddyer to ground into a double play that scored LeMahieu .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Mitch Moreland and the rest of the Texas Rangers have been waiting all season long . Moreland hit a tiebreaking two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Rangers beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Moreland 's homer was his fourth of the season and second in two games . It was the first time in his career that the first baseman has hit at least one homer in a game this season . Mitch Moreland added a two - run shot in the seventh for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Elvis Andrus and Shin-Soo Choo led off the eighth with consecutive singles off Todd Redmond , and Shin-Soo Choo followed with an RBI double . Adrian Beltre greeted Brett Cecil with an RBI single . Aaron Poreda ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two innings for the win . R. A. Dickey ( 4 - 4 ) gave up four runs , three earned , and three hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked three . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . Francisco 's homer in the fourth was the only run allowed by Martinez , who gave up four hits and three walks in five innings . Rios hit a two - run triple in the fourth for a 2 - 1 lead . The Blue Jays tied it in the bottom of the inning on a solo homer by Edwin Encarnacion . The Rangers added two runs in the eighth off Todd Redmond . Elvis Andrus and Shin-Soo Choo hit consecutive singles off Todd Redmond to start the inning . Beltre followed with an RBI single to make it 6 - 2 .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- Josh Reddick was n't sure if he 'd ever hit a grand slam . Reddick homered twice and drove in six runs to lead the Oakland Athletics to an 11 - 1 win over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Reddick 's second homer of the season capped Oakland 's eight - run second inning . He also hit a two - run shot in the second off Kyle Crockett . Reddick had a career-high six RBIs , including two homers , and drove in six runs . Josh Donaldson hit a three - run homer in Oakland 's eight - run second inning , and Jed Lowrie added a two - run shot off Kyle Crockett . Gray ( 5 - 1 ) allowed one run and two hits in six innings , striking out nine and walking three . Oakland manager Bob Geren was impressed with Gray 's performance . Gray struck out nine and walked three . Zach McAllister ( 3 - 4 ) gave up eight runs and five hits in 1 1/3 innings . Nick Swisher hit a solo homer in the first for Cleveland , which has lost four of five . The A 's made it 9 - 1 in the third when Lowrie led off with a homer and Reddick hit a two - run shot off Kyle Crockett in the bottom half . Reddick hit a two - run homer in the seventh off Carlos Carrasco to make it 11 - 1 . It was Reddick 's second multihomer game of the season and the 11th of his career . Reddick hit a two - run homer in the seventh off Carlos Carrasco to make it 11 - 1 . It was Reddick 's fourth career multihomer game and second this season . Reddick added a two - run homer in the seventh off Carlos Carrasco , who was making his major league debut . The right-hander was recalled from Triple-A Sacramento earlier in the day . Reddick hit a two - run homer off Carlos Carrasco in the seventh to make it 11 - 1 . It was Reddick 's fourth career multihomer game and second this season . Reddick hit a two - run homer off Carlos Carrasco in the seventh to make it 11 - 1 . It was Reddick 's fourth career multihomer game and second this season . Reddick hit a two - run homer off Carlos Carrasco in the seventh to make it 11 - 1 . It was Reddick 's fourth career multihomer game and second this season . Reddick hit a two - run homer off Carlos Carrasco in the seventh to make it 11 - 1 . It was Reddick 's fourth career multihomer game and second this season . Reddick hit a two - run homer off Carlos Carrasco in the seventh to make it 11 - 1 . It was Reddick 's fourth career multihomer game and second this season . Reddick hit a two - run homer off Carlos Carrasco in the seventh to make it 11 - 1 . It was Reddick 's fourth career multihomer game and second this season . Reddick hit a two - run homer off Carlos Carrasco in the seventh to make it 11 - 1 . It was Reddick 's fourth career multihomer game and second this season . Reddick hit a two - run homer off Carlos Carrasco in the seventh to make it 11 - 1 . It was Reddick 's second multihomer game of the season and the 11th of his career . Reddick hit a two - run homer in the seventh off Carlos Carrasco to make it 11 - 1 . It was Reddick 's fourth career multihomer game and second this season . Reddick hit a two - run homer off Carlos Carrasco in the seventh to make it 11 - 1 . It was Reddick 's second multihomer game of the season and the 11th of his career . Reddick hit a two - run homer in the seventh off Carlos Carrasco to make it 11 - 1 . It was Reddick 's fourth career multihomer game and second this season . Reddick hit a two - run homer off Carlos Carrasco in the seventh to make it 11 - 1 . It was Reddick 's second multihomer game of the season and the 11th of his career . Reddick hit a two - run homer in the seventh off Carlos Carrasco to make it 11 - 1 . It was Reddick 's fourth career multihomer game and second this season . Reddick hit a two - run homer off Carlos Carrasco in the seventh to make it 11 - 1 . It was Reddick 's second multihomer game of the season and the 11th of his career . Reddick hit a two - run homer off Carlos Carrasco in the seventh to make it 11 - 1 . It was Reddick 's fourth career multihomer game and second this season . Reddick hit a two - run homer off Carlos Carrasco in the seventh to make it 11 - 1 . It was Reddick 's first multihomer game of the season and his first since Sept. 28 , 2007 , against Kansas City . Reddick 's second homer was a two - run shot in the seventh off Carlos Carrasco that made it 11 - 1 . It was Reddick 's second multihomer game of the season and the 10th of his career . Reddick hit a two - run homer in the seventh off Carlos Carrasco , who was making his major league debut . He was called up from Triple-A Columbus before the game .
PHILADELPHIA -- Garrett Richards was n't going to let the game get away . Richards struck out eight in seven shutout innings , and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Philadelphia Phillies 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Richards ( 4 - 0 ) allowed five hits , walked none and struck out eight . Joe Smith tossed a perfect ninth for his fifth save in seven chances . A. J. Burnett ( 2 - 3 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked five . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Albert Pujols doubled and scored on Raul Ibanez 's single . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Efren Navarro . The Angels made it 3 - 0 in the third . Pujols led off with a single , Raul Ibanez walked and Erick Aybar hit an RBI double to make it 3 - 0 . Jimmy Rollins singled with one out in the sixth and Chase Utley followed with a double to put runners on second and third with one out . But Richards struck out Ryan Howard and retired Marlon Byrd on a foul pop to end the inning . Mike Trout led off the seventh with a triple off Mike Adams , but Adams struck out Albert Pujols and Raul Ibanez and got Hank Conger to pop out to second to end the inning . The Phillies had runners on second and third with one out in the sixth , but Richards struck out Ryan Howard and got Marlon Byrd to pop out .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- The Pittsburgh Pirates had a lot to do with it . Starling Marte hit a go-ahead , two - run double in the ninth inning and the Pirates beat the Milwaukee Brewers 4 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight victory . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Brewers have lost six of their last seven games . Rodriguez ( 1 - 1 ) gave up a one - out single to Ike Davis and a one - out single to Jordy Mercer . Stewart followed with a bloop single to left to score Barmes and give Pittsburgh a 2 - 1 lead . Rodriguez , who had converted his last 17 save opportunities , said he was n't sure if he 'd be able to stay in the game . Tony Watson ( 4 - 0 ) pitched the eighth for the win . Mark Melancon pitched the ninth for his fifth save in seven chances . Pirates starter Francisco Liriano gave up one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Pirates grabbed a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Andrew McCutchen led off with a walk and advanced to third on Pedro Alvarez 's single . Jose Tabata grounded into a fielder 's choice to score McCutchen . The Brewers tied it in the fifth . Khris Davis led off with a double and Jean Segura reached on first baseman Ike Davis ' fielding error . Davis scored on Jeff Bianchi 's sacrifice fly to tie it at 1 . Peralta gave up five hits and one walk with four strikeouts in seven innings .
SEATTLE -- Jake Odorizzi was n't sure what to expect . Odorizzi allowed one hit in six shutout innings , and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Seattle Mariners 2 - 0 on Friday night . Odorizzi ( 2 - 3 ) struck out seven , walked two and allowed only one runner to reach second base . Grant Balfour worked the ninth for his seventh save in eight opportunities . Brandon Maurer ( 1 - 2 ) gave up two runs and two hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Rays loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth on a single by Evan Longoria , a walk to Wil Myers and consecutive walks to Wil Myers and Desmond Jennings . Escobar then walked on a 3 - 2 pitch to force in a run . Myers scored on a wild pitch by Dominic Leone to make it 2 - 0 . It was the second straight game the Rays have scored two runs or fewer . The Rays loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth on a single by Evan Longoria , a walk to Wil Myers and consecutive walks to Wil Myers and Desmond Jennings . Escobar then walked on a 3 - 2 pitch to force in a run . Myers scored on a wild pitch by Dominic Leone to give Tampa Bay a 2 - 0 lead . The Mariners , who have lost five of their last six games , have scored two runs or fewer in seven of their last 10 games . Odorizzi was perfect until James Jones singled with two outs in the sixth , but Odorizzi got out of the inning by striking out Stefen Romero . The Mariners did n't get a runner to second until James Jones singled with two outs in the sixth , but Odorizzi struck out Stefen Romero to end the inning . The Mariners threatened in the eighth when Dustin Ackley hit a one - out double off Joel Peralta . But Peralta struck out John Buck and got pinch-hitter Michael Saunders to ground out .
DETROIT -- The Minnesota Twins have been in first place in the AL Central since the All-Star break . Eduardo Nunez singled home the go-ahead run in the eighth inning , and the Twins rallied to beat the Detroit Tigers 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Twins won for the seventh time in nine games . They have won six of their last seven series . The Tigers have lost four straight and six of seven . The Twins trailed 3 - 1 when Brian Dozier was hit by a pitch from Joba Chamberlain ( 1 - 2 ) leading off the eighth . He stole second , Joe Mauer walked and Trevor Plouffe struck out before Pinto lined a 3 - 2 pitch to left . Rajai Davis dropped the ball for an error , allowing Mauer to score and Mauer to advance to second . Chamberlain ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and two hits in one inning . Glen Perkins got the last four outs for his 10th save in 12 chances . Glen Perkins pitched the ninth for his 10th save in 12 chances . Detroit starter Robbie Ray allowed four hits and a walk in six shutout innings . Twins starter Samuel Deduno gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Ian Kinsler led off with a double , moved to third on Torii Hunter 's groundout and scored on Miguel Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . The Tigers made it 3 - 0 in the fourth . Miguel Cabrera and Victor Martinez started the inning with singles , and Cabrera scored on Jackson 's one - out single . Kinsler led off the bottom of the fifth with a homer to make it 3 - 0 . Danny Santana 's RBI single off Ian Krol in the seventh made it 3 - 1 .
TORONTO ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Angels are starting to feel good about themselves . Esmil Rogers pitched two perfect innings , Esmil Rogers pitched two perfect innings and the Angels held on for a 5 - 3 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Friday night . The Angels won for the seventh time in nine games and improved to 5 - 1 on their 10-game road trip . Skaggs ( 3 - 1 ) allowed three runs , two earned , and four hits in a season-high eight innings . He walked none and struck out four . Joe Smith worked the ninth for his fourth save in five chances . J. A. Happ ( 1 - 1 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out four . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jose Reyes led off with a double and scored on Edwin Encarnacion 's double . The Angels reclaimed the lead with a three - run second . Howie Kendrick led off with a double and scored on C. J. Cron 's single before Iannetta hit a two - run homer to left . Cron added a solo shot in the third , his fourth , and Cron added a solo shot in the third . The Angels made it 5 - 1 in the sixth when Collin Cowgill scored on a throwing error by shortstop Jose Reyes . Happ ( 1 - 1 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out four . The Angels made it 5 - 1 in the sixth when Collin Cowgill scored on a throwing error by shortstop Jose Reyes .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Vidal Nuno did n't get his first major league win until his first major league start . Nuno pitched four - hit ball into the seventh inning of his first major league win , and the New York Yankees beat the Los Angeles Angels 9 - 2 on Tuesday night . Nuno ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits over 6 1/3 innings , struck out three and walked one in his first start of the season . Mark Teixeira hit a two - run double during a five - run first inning for the Yankees , who won for the fourth time in five games . Hector Santiago ( 0 - 6 ) gave up six runs -- two earned -- and five hits over 2 1/3 innings in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained right oblique . The Yankees scored five runs in the first inning , including a two - run double by Mark Teixeira , and a sacrifice fly by Yangervis Solarte . Jeter 's homer in the second inning was his fourth of the season and second in two days . The Angels ' run came on Erick Aybar 's fielder 's choice grounder in the second after Howie Kendrick and C. J. Cron singled to start the inning . Mike Morin came in and got Mark Teixeira to ground into an inning-ending double play with the bases loaded . The Angels loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh against Dellin Betances , but Collin Cowgill lined out to right field to end the inning . The Yankees tacked on three more runs in the eighth against Nick Maronde , Murphy 's two - run single and Beltran 's sacrifice fly . C. J. Cron added an RBI double in the eighth off Dellin Betances .
ATLANTA -- The Atlanta Braves are making the most of it . Chris Johnson drove in the go-ahead run with a single in the eighth inning , and the Braves beat the St. Louis Cardinals 2 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight win . The Braves , who have the worst record in the majors , have won six of their last seven overall . They have won six of their last seven overall . The Braves won two of three from the Cardinals , who have lost six of their last seven games . The Braves had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Pat Neshek struck out Gerald Laird to end the inning . David Carpenter ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . St. Louis starter Tyler Lyons gave up four hits and one run in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Upton 's homer in the fourth was the only run allowed by Lyons , who gave up four hits and one walk with seven strikeouts in six innings . Matt Carpenter led off the sixth with a walk and moved to second on Yadier Molina 's groundout . Matt Holliday followed with an RBI single to right . The Braves loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth , but Tyler Lyons struck out Gerald Laird to end the inning . The Braves loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth , but Lyons struck out Gerald Laird .
SAN DIEGO -- Billy Butler 's first major league hit was a big one . Butler hit a tiebreaking RBI double in the 11th inning , and the Kansas City Royals beat the San Diego Padres 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . The Royals won for the fourth time in five games . Eric Hosmer led off the 11th with a double off Nick Vincent ( 0 - 1 ) and scored on Gordon 's one - out single . Gordon scored on Butler 's double to right . Wade Davis ( 2 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Greg Holland pitched the 11th for his eighth save in nine chances . The Padres , who have the worst record in the majors , have lost four of five . Salvador Perez tied the game at 1 with a homer to right leading off the sixth , his fourth . San Diego starter Robbie Erlin allowed one run and three hits in seven innings , struck out five and walked four . Yasmani Grandal hit a solo homer with one out in the fourth to give the Padres a 1 - 0 lead . Salvador Perez tied it with a leadoff homer in the sixth . The Royals did n't get a hit until Perez led off the sixth with his first home run of the season . The Royals had a chance to tie the game in the seventh , but Nori Aoki flied out and Omar Infante grounded out .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Although Jered Weaver is in the midst of a pennant race , he 's still finding his groove . Weaver pitched eight strong innings for his first victory in more than a month , Derek Jeter had two hits and scored the go-ahead run in the eighth inning and the Los Angeles Angels beat the New York Yankees 4 - 1 on Wednesday night . Weaver ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and six hits , struck out seven and walked one in his longest outing of the season . The right-hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.64 ERA in his last four starts . Ernesto Frieri pitched a perfect ninth for his third save in four chances . Shawn Kelley ( 0 - 2 ) walked Collin Cowgill leading off the eighth and pinch hitter Raul Ibanez advanced to second on a groundout by Erick Aybar . Albert Pujols was intentionally walked and Raul Ibanez walked to load the bases before Kendrick walked on a 3 - 2 pitch to force in Cowgill and make it 2 - 1 . Yankees manager Joe Girardi came out to argue and was ejected for the first time this season . Weaver ( 3 - 2 ) was charged with a run and six hits over eight innings , striking out seven and walking one . The right-hander escaped a bases-loaded jam in the eighth by striking out Brett Gardner and getting Derek Jeter to ground into a double play . Shawn Kelley ( 0 - 2 ) walked Collin Cowgill leading off the eighth and was replaced by Matt Thornton , who retired Erick Aybar on a grounder to second . After an intentional walk to Raul Ibanez loaded the bases , Kendrick walked on a 3 - 2 pitch to force in a run . Matt Thornton walked pinch hitter John McDonald , forcing in a run , and Preston Claiborne walked pinch hitter John McDonald and Chris Iannetta to force in another run . The Yankees tied it in the seventh on Derek Jeter 's leadoff double and an RBI single by Mark Teixeira . The Angels got on the board in the fifth when Howie Kendrick led off with a triple and scored on Ian Stewart 's groundout . Kendrick led off the Angels ' fifth with a triple and scored on Ian Stewart 's groundout . Jeter hit a leadoff double in the seventh and scored on Mark Teixeira 's single to tie it .
DENVER -- Troy Tulowitzki was n't sure if he 'd ever hit two home runs . Tulowitzki homered twice and drove in four runs to lead the Colorado Rockies to an 8 - 2 win over the Texas Rangers on Friday night . It was the second multihomer game of Tulowitzki 's career and the second of his career . Tulowitzki hit a two - run homer off Shawn Tolleson in the seventh to give the Rockies a 7 - 1 lead . Lyles ( 4 - 0 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in eight innings . He struck out five and walked one . Martin Perez ( 4 - 2 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked three . Arenado hit a two - run homer in the second inning to give the Rockies a 2 - 0 lead . The Rockies added a run in the third when Brandon Barnes led off with a double and scored on Carlos Gonzalez 's groundout . Tulowitzki hit a two - run homer in the fifth to make it 5 - 0 . The Rangers got a run back in the sixth when Shin-Soo Choo led off with a double and scored on Josh Wilson 's groundout . Adrian Beltre followed with a single , but Prince Fielder grounded into a double play to end the inning . Aaron Poreda relieved Lyles and got Alex Rios to ground into a double play before pinch-hitter Mitch Moreland 's RBI single made it 8 - 2 . Leonys Martin followed with a single before Elvis Andrus grounded out to end it .
DETROIT -- Max Scherzer was n't going to let the game get away from him . Scherzer struck out nine in eight shutout innings , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Houston Astros 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Scherzer ( 4 - 1 ) allowed three hits and one walk . He threw 111 pitches . Joe Nathan pitched the ninth for his sixth save in eight chances . The Astros have lost four of five . Jarred Cosart ( 1 - 3 ) gave up an unearned run and four hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Tigers broke through in the seventh . Nick Castellanos reached on first baseman Marc Krauss ' fielding error , and Alex Avila walked . Andrew Romine sacrificed the runners to second and third , but Davis lined a single to center to score Castellanos . Martinez 's homer in the eighth off Anthony Bass made it 2 - 0 . Ian Kinsler reached on an error by shortstop Jonathan Villar to start the bottom of the first . Kinsler advanced to third on Torii Hunter 's single , but Cosart struck out Victor Martinez to end the inning . Jose Altuve reached on shortstop Jonathan Villar 's fielding error with one out in the sixth , but Scherzer retired Dexter Fowler and Jason Castro to end the inning . Jose Altuve reached on shortstop Jonathan Villar 's fielding error in the sixth , but Scherzer retired Dexter Fowler and Castro to end the inning .
DENVER ( AP ) -- Nolan Arenado had a big night at the plate . Arenado hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Colorado Rockies an 11 - 10 win over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Arenado is hitting .313 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last six games . Daniel Murphy had four hits and Chris Young had two hits and drove in two runs for the Mets , who have won four of five . Troy Tulowitzki led off the ninth with a single off Kyle Farnsworth ( 0 - 2 ) and moved to second on Nolan Arenado 's flyout to deep center . Culberson , who entered as a pinch hitter in the ninth , hit a 1 - 2 pitch into the left-field bleachers for his second homer of the season . It was Farnsworth 's second blown save in nine chances . LaTroy Hawkins ( 1 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up a run in the top of the ninth . Mets starter Jenrry Mejia allowed eight runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings , including Ryan Wheeler 's leadoff homer in the fifth . Chris Young hit an RBI double in the sixth off Chris Martin and Curtis Granderson added an RBI single to make it 8 - 8 . The Rockies loaded the bases with one out in the seventh on a single by Troy Tulowitzki , a double by Nolan Arenado and an intentional walk to pinch-hitter Corey Dickerson . Jordan Pacheco hit a sacrifice fly to make it 9 - 8 , but DJ LeMahieu flied out to end the inning . The Rockies scored three times in the fifth to take a 6 - 1 lead . Wheeler led off with a homer to right , his second of the season and second in as many games . Jordan Pacheco singled and DJ LeMahieu walked before Brandon Barnes grounded into a fielder 's choice . Anthony Recker and Lucas Duda had RBI singles to make it 3 - 0 . The Mets made it 6 - 0 in the third on Granderson 's RBI single and Anthony Recker 's RBI double . Arenado made it 6 - 0 when he dropped Ruben Tejada 's fly ball for an error , allowing Recker to score .
PHILADELPHIA -- Ryan Howard is making a strong case to stay in the big leagues . Howard hit a three - run homer and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Washington Nationals 7 - 2 on Wednesday night . Howard is hitting .255 with three homers and seven RBIs in his last six games . The NL East-leading Phillies won for the fifth time in six games . Burnett ( 2 - 1 ) gave up one run and three hits , striking out seven in six innings . Tanner Roark ( 2 - 1 ) gave up seven runs and seven hits in four - plus innings . Howard hit a three - run homer in the first inning to give the Phillies a 3 - 0 lead . Asche made it 4 - 0 in the second with a solo shot to right . Domonic Brown doubled with one out in the fourth and scored on Carlos Ruiz 's double to make it 5 - 0 . Byrd hit a two - run single off Ryan Mattheus in the fifth to make it 7 - 0 . Adam LaRoche hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Pinch-hitter Zach Walters hit a solo homer off Phillies reliever Mario Hollands in the seventh to cut it to 7 - 2 .
ATLANTA -- Tim Lincecum is making the most of his opportunity . Lincecum gave up six hits and one run in six innings , and the San Francisco Giants beat the Atlanta Braves 2 - 1 on Wednesday night . Lincecum ( 2 - 1 ) gave up six hits and three walks , striking out four . Sergio Romo gave up a two - out single to B. J. Upton in the ninth and walked Freddie Freeman before striking out Justin Upton for his eighth save in eight chances . Morse 's homer off Mike Minor ( 0 - 1 ) gave San Francisco a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth . Minor ( 0 - 1 ) gave up seven hits , two runs , struck out four and did n't walk a batter in six - plus innings . The Braves have lost four straight and six of seven . Pagan led off the first with his first homer of the season . The Braves tied it in the fifth . Gerald Laird led off with a walk and advanced to second on Heyward 's one - out single . After B. J. Upton flied out , Freeman drove in Laird with a single up the middle . Morse 's homer made it 2 - 1 in the sixth . The Giants loaded the bases with no outs in the seventh against Ian Thomas and pinch hitter Ehire Adrianza on a walk and pinch hitter Ehire Adrianza 's sacrifice bunt . Varvaro then struck out pinch hitter Ehire Adrianza and Hunter Pence to end the inning . The Braves loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh , but Santiago Casilla struck out Chris Johnson to end the inning .
HOUSTON ( AP ) -- George Springer is n't going to let a lot of things happen . Springer hit an RBI single in the 11th inning to lift the Houston Astros to a 5 - 4 win over the Seattle Mariners on Wednesday night . The Astros have won four of their last five games and have the best record in the American League . Jose Altuve singled off Charlie Furbush ( 0 - 3 ) to start the 11th and advanced to second on Dexter Fowler 's single . After Carlos Corporan 's sacrifice bunt , Springer lined a single to right field to score Altuve . Anthony Bass ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two perfect innings for his first major league win . Jose Altuve and Dexter Fowler singled to start the third inning before Jason Castro reached on an error by Abraham Almonte . Fowler scored on a single by Marc Krauss to make it 2 - 0 . Mike Zunino hit a two - run homer with two outs in the fifth to tie it at 2 . Marc Krauss singled home Jason Castro in the fifth to give Seattle a 3 - 2 lead . Michael Saunders led off the sixth with a single and Robinson Cano walked with one out . Corey Hart singled to load the bases before Kyle Seager 's two - run double put the Mariners up 4 - 3 . The Astros tied it in the eighth on an RBI groundout by Jonathan Villar . Houston starter Brad Peacock yielded six hits and four runs with six strikeouts in six innings . Peacock allowed six hits and four runs with six strikeouts in six innings .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are going to have to make a run at the playoffs . Pinch-hitter Clint Robinson singled home the go-ahead run in the seventh inning , and the Dodgers beat the Cleveland Indians 1 - 0 on Friday night for their fifth straight victory . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games , including two of three in the series . Haren ( 8 - 4 ) allowed one hit over seven innings , struck out five and walked one . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth for his 25th save in 27 chances . Corey Kluber ( 7 - 6 ) gave up one run and six hits in 6 2/3 innings , struck out five and walked one . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Andre Ethier led off with a triple and scored on Robinson 's two - out single . The Indians , who have lost five of their last six games , have scored three runs or fewer in 10 of their last 12 games . Kluber retired the first 10 batters before Adrian Gonzalez singled with one out in the fourth . Matt Kemp followed with a double , but Kluber escaped by striking out Andre Ethier and getting Juan Uribe to fly out . The Dodgers threatened in the fourth , putting runners on second and third with one out , but Kluber struck out Andre Ethier and got Juan Uribe to fly out to center . Haren struck out five , walked one and threw a pair of wild pitches . The Dodgers put runners on second and third with one out in the fourth , but Kluber struck out Andre Ethier and got Juan Uribe to fly out to center . Andre Ethier extended his hitting streak to 12 games with a single and scored the Dodgers ' only run in the first two innings . Andre Ethier extended his hitting streak to 12 games with a single and scored a run for the Dodgers , who took two of three from the Indians . Andre Ethier extended his hitting streak to 12 games with a leadoff single in the eighth for the Dodgers , who have won three of four against Cleveland this season . Andre Ethier extended his hitting streak to 12 games with a single and scored a run for the Dodgers , who have won three of four against Cleveland this season . Andre Ethier extended his hitting streak to 12 games with a leadoff single in the Dodgers ' first hit of the season . Andre Ethier extended his hitting streak to 12 games with a leadoff single in the Dodgers ' first hit of the season . He scored the Dodgers ' first run on a groundout by Cleveland . Andre Ethier extended his hitting streak to 12 games with a leadoff single in the Dodgers ' first hit of the season , but the Indians did n't get a runner to third base until the fourth . Andre Ethier extended his hitting streak to 12 games with a leadoff single in the Dodgers ' first hit of the season . He scored the Dodgers ' first run on a single by Ethier .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- The Atlanta Braves have n't had much to celebrate lately . Freddie Freeman drove in two runs with a bases-loaded walk in Atlanta 's four - run eighth inning , and the Braves beat the New York Mets 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Braves , who have the worst record in the majors , have won six of their last seven games . The Braves won two of three in the series and improved to 5 - 0 against the Mets this season . The Braves trailed 3 - 1 before scoring three runs off Jeurys Familia ( 1 - 3 ) in the eighth . Justin Upton led off with a single and Jason Heyward singled before Chris Johnson reached on an error by center fielder Juan Lagares . Familia ( 1 - 3 ) gave up four runs , one earned , and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . Anthony Varvaro ( 3 - 1 ) earned the win with a scoreless eighth . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth for his 25th save . Braves starter Alex Wood gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Braves starter Alex Wood gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Granderson led off the game with a homer off Alex Wood . The Mets added a run in the third when Ruben Tejada singled and scored on Chris Young 's sacrifice fly . The Braves cut the lead to 3 - 1 in the fifth on B. J. Upton 's single and a sacrifice fly by Freddie Freeman .
PITTSBURGH -- Jonathon Niese was n't going to let a five - run lead slip away . Niese pitched six effective innings and the New York Mets scored three times in the fourth to beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Niese ( 5 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits , striking out five and walking three . He was lifted after walking Pedro Alvarez with the bases loaded in the fourth . Niese has allowed three runs or fewer in six of his past seven starts . Jenrry Mejia pitched a perfect ninth for his eighth save in nine opportunities . Gerrit Cole ( 6 - 4 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in four - plus innings , walking three and striking out four . The Mets scored three times in the first off Cole ( 6 - 4 ) , including a two - run single by Kirk Nieuwenhuis . Daniel Murphy 's two - run single made it 5 - 0 in the second . Andrew McCutchen doubled leading off the fourth and scored on Pedro Alvarez 's bases-loaded walk to make it 5 - 1 . Niese then struck out pinch-hitter Starling Marte and Gregory Polanco to end the inning . The Pirates cut it to 5 - 3 in the fifth when Gaby Sanchez doubled and scored on Neil Walker 's single . The Pirates cut it to 5 - 3 in the fifth when Gaby Sanchez doubled and scored on Neil Walker 's single . The Pirates have lost five of six .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Angels are finally starting to find a way to win . Albert Pujols drove in two runs , David Freese had three hits and drove in two runs , and the Angels beat the Kansas City Royals 6 - 2 on Wednesday night . The Angels , who have the best record in the majors , have won six of their last seven games . Mike Morin ( 2 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up two runs in the sixth inning . The Royals have lost five of their last six games . David Freese had three hits and drove in three runs , including a two - run single in the sixth inning that put the Angels up 6 - 0 . Mike Morin ( 2 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up two runs in the sixth . Bruce Chen gave up four runs on five hits and two walks in five - plus innings , striking out eight . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Calhoun doubled and scored on Pujols ' single . The Angels added a run in the fourth when Howie Kendrick doubled and scored on Freese 's single . Yordano Ventura ( 5 - 7 ) gave up two runs on seven hits and struck out three in four - plus innings . The Royals have lost five of their last six games .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Vidal Nuno did n't have his best stuff . Nuno pitched two - hit ball for 5 2/3 innings and the New York Yankees beat the Boston Red Sox 6 - 0 Friday night for their fourth straight victory . Nuno ( 2 - 4 ) struck out five and walked two in 5 2/3 innings . Kelly Johnson hit a two - run homer in a four - run fourth against Brandon Workman ( 1 - 1 ) , and Derek Jeter had two hits and scored a run for New York , which won for just the second time in eight games . Brian McCann hit a two - run homer off Craig Breslow in the eighth for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Workman ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . Derek Jeter singled with one out in the first and went to third on Jacoby Ellsbury 's double . Jeter scored on Mark Teixeira 's sacrifice fly . McCann led off the fourth with a single and scored on Johnson 's two - run shot . Gardner followed with a drive into the right-field seats for a 4 - 0 lead . The Red Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth , but Dellin Betances got Daniel Nava to hit into a fielder 's choice with the bases loaded to end the inning . Stephen Drew hit a two - out double off Dellin Betances in the seventh , but Betances struck out Jackie Bradley Jr. to end the inning . McCann hit a two - run homer in the eighth off Craig Breslow . Matt Thornton pitched a perfect ninth in a non-save situation , and Matt Thornton pitched the ninth for New York .
PHILADELPHIA -- Freddie Freeman has been one of the most dangerous hitters in the majors . Freeman hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs to lead the Atlanta Braves to a 4 - 2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Friday night . Freeman 's three - run homer in the first inning off Kyle Kendrick ( 3 - 8 ) gave the Braves a 3 - 0 lead . He also had a two - run double in the first . Freeman had three hits and drove in four runs . Julio Teheran ( 7 - 5 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and six hits in seven innings . He struck out nine without a walk . Craig Kimbrel pitched a scoreless ninth for his 23rd save in 26 chances . Kyle Kendrick ( 3 - 8 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The Braves took a 3 - 0 lead in the first . B. J. Upton singled and Andrelton Simmons walked to start the game . Freeman then drove a first-pitch fastball into the seats in right for a 3 - 0 lead . The Braves made it 4 - 0 in the second when Andrelton Simmons singled and scored on Freddie Freeman 's double . The Phillies cut it to 4 - 2 in the fourth . Ben Revere hit a leadoff triple and scored on Jimmy Rollins ' groundout . Marlon Byrd drove in Utley with a single to cut it to 4 - 2 . The Phillies cut it to 4 - 2 in the bottom of the inning . Ben Revere led off with a triple and scored on Jimmy Rollins ' groundout . Chase Utley singled and Ryan Howard reached on an error by shortstop Simmons . Marlon Byrd drove in Utley with a single to cut it to 4 - 2 . Pinch-hitter Cesar Hernandez led off the eighth with a single and moved to second on a wild pitch by Jordan Walden . After Rollins struck out , Walden walked Utley , but struck out Howard to end the threat .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- The Chicago Cubs are on a roll . Justin Ruggiano hit a tiebreaking , two - run double in the seventh inning and the Cubs beat the Washington Nationals 5 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Cubs won for the seventh time in nine games and moved within a half-game of NL Central-leading Cincinnati . The Nationals scored in the sixth when Denard Span led off with a double and scored on Anthony Rendon 's single . Jayson Werth walked before Adam LaRoche grounded into a double play , and Ian Desmond struck out to end the inning . Ruggiano 's two - out , two - run double off Craig Stammen ( 0 - 3 ) in the seventh gave the Cubs a 5 - 3 lead . Hector Rondon worked a perfect ninth for his ninth save in 12 chances . Denard Span 's two - run double in the seventh off Neil Ramirez ( 1 - 1 ) tied it at 3 . Washington starter Doug Fister allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out one and did n't walk a batter . Justin Ruggiano and Anthony Rizzo had three hits apiece for the Cubs , who took two of three from the NL East-leading Nationals . Justin Ruggiano and Anthony Rizzo had three hits apiece for the Cubs , who won for the fourth time in five games . The Nationals got a run back in the sixth when Span doubled and scored on Anthony Rendon 's single . Jayson Werth walked , but Adam LaRoche grounded into a double play and Ian Desmond struck out to end the inning . The Nationals tied it at 3 in the seventh when Wilson Ramos drew a leadoff walk and Danny Espinosa followed with a walk . After Fister 's sacrifice bunt , Span hit a two - run double off Neil Ramirez ( 1 - 1 ) to tie it at 3 .
TORONTO -- J. A. Happ has been a big reason why . Happ pitched four - hit ball into the eighth inning and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Chicago White Sox 7 - 0 on Tuesday night . Happ ( 7 - 4 ) allowed four hits in 7 2/3 innings , walked two and struck out eight . The Blue Jays won for the seventh time in nine games and improved to 5 - 0 against the White Sox this season . Happ has won four of his past five decisions . Dustin McGowan came on to face Jose Abreu with runners at first and second to end the eighth . Scott Carroll ( 2 - 4 ) allowed five runs , three earned , and seven hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out four . The Blue Jays jumped on Carroll with a two - out rally in the first . Jose Reyes reached on an error by second baseman Gordon Beckham and scored on Adam Lind 's double . Reyes hit an RBI triple in the second , his third hit of the game . Lind added a two - out , two - run single in the fourth . The White Sox made it 5 - 0 in the fifth when Conor Gillaspie reached when right fielder Moises Sierra dropped Conor Gillaspie 's fly ball for a two - base error . Gillaspie advanced to third on Paul Konerko 's fly ball , but Happ struck out Moises Sierra and got Adrian Nieto to ground out . The Blue Jays made it 6 - 0 in the seventh when Melky Cabrera drew a leadoff walk from Eric Surkamp and scored on Edwin Encarnacion 's double . The Blue Jays made it 7 - 0 in the eighth when Munenori Kawasaki hit a one - out single and scored on a groundout by Melky Cabrera .
PHILADELPHIA -- Chase Utley is making the most of his opportunity . Utley hit a two - run homer in the 14th inning to lift the Philadelphia Phillies to a 5 - 3 victory over the Miami Marlins on Wednesday night . Utley had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in three runs . The NL East-leading Phillies won for the fourth time in five games . Jimmy Rollins led off the 14th with a single off Chris Hatcher ( 0 - 1 ) and Utley followed with a drive to right for his 12th homer . Justin De Fratus ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings to earn the win . Ben Revere led off the bottom of the 10th with a single off A. J. Ramos . He advanced to second on a wild pitch and walked to load the bases . Chase Utley popped out , and Ryan Howard hit into a forceout at the plate . Marlon Byrd was intentionally walked to load the bases for Cody Asche , who grounded out to end it . The Marlins , who have lost six of their last eight games , fell to 1 - 5 on their nine - game road trip . Saltalamacchia led off the third with a homer to left to give the Marlins a 1 - 0 lead . Utley led off the bottom of the fourth with a single and Ryan Howard followed with a single . Utley scored on Carlos Ruiz 's sacrifice fly to cut it to 2 - 1 . The Phillies tied it in the fifth on Chase Utley 's two - out RBI single to right . The Phillies tied it in the seventh against Bryan Morris , who gave up a single to Domonic Brown and a sacrifice to pinch-hitter Tony Gwynn Jr. , who advanced to third on Ben Revere 's groundout . Rollins then hit a grounder to Utley , who threw to second for the second out . Brown scored to tie it at 3 . Ozuna led off the seventh with a homer to left to put Miami up 3 - 2 .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Mike Trout is making the most of his opportunity . Trout homered and drove in two runs , and the Los Angeles Angels held on for an 8 - 6 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Friday night . Trout , who leads the major leagues with a .307 batting average , is hitting .307 with four homers and eight RBIs in his last six games . The Twins scored five runs in the second inning , including back-to-back homers by Josh Willingham and Kendrys Morales and a run-scoring double by Danny Santana . Trout hit a two - run homer in the second for the Angels , who have won four of five . C. J. Wilson ( 8 - 6 ) gave up six runs and nine hits over five innings , struck out four and walked none . Joe Smith pitched the ninth for his sixth save in nine chances . Kyle Gibson ( 6 - 6 ) gave up seven runs and four hits over two innings , struck out one and walked two . The Angels staked Gibson to a 5 - 0 lead in the first inning on Hamilton 's two - run single and Kendrick 's two - run single . Josh Willingham and Kendrys Morales led off the second inning with back-to-back homers for the Twins , who have lost five of six . Sam Fuld had an RBI single and Danny Santana added an RBI double before Brian Dozier capped the rally with an RBI single . The Twins cut the margin to 7 - 6 in the fifth on a single by Dozier and a double by Joe Mauer , who went 3 for 4 with a sacrifice fly . Kendrick scored on Kole Calhoun 's sacrifice fly off Matt Guerrier in the eighth .
PHOENIX ( AP ) -- Josh Collmenter is making a strong case to stay in the National League . Collmenter pitched five effective innings for his first win in more than a month , and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the San Francisco Giants 4 - 1 on Wednesday night . Collmenter ( 5 - 4 ) gave up one run and four hits , striking out four and walking four . Addison Reed struck out the side in the ninth for his 17th save in 20 tries . Tim Lincecum ( 5 - 5 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . Lincecum has been one of the few bright spots for the two - time reigning NL Cy Young Award winner . Buster Posey singled with two outs in the first and scored on Pablo Sandoval 's triple into the right-field corner . Michael Morse walked to load the bases , but Brandon Crawford lined out to end the inning . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Hill 's RBI single and Martin Prado 's RBI double . The Diamondbacks made it 3 - 1 in the fifth when Chris Owings hit a two - out RBI triple off the base of the wall in center . The Diamondbacks added a run in the sixth when Paul Goldschmidt led off with a double and scored on Aaron Hill 's sacrifice fly . The Giants had runners on first and second with one out in the sixth against Oliver Perez , but Ehire Adrianza grounded into a double play to end the inning .
ST. LOUIS -- David Buchanan was n't going to let a one - run lead slip away . Buchanan pitched into the eighth inning and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the St. Louis Cardinals 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Ryan Howard hit a two - run homer off Shelby Miller ( 7 - 6 ) in the sixth inning for the Phillies , who have won four of five . Buchanan ( 3 - 3 ) gave up one run and four hits in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Jonathan Papelbon worked a perfect ninth for his 17th save in 18 chances . Shelby Miller ( 7 - 6 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Phillies scored twice in the fourth . Carlos Ruiz led off with a double and Chase Utley followed with a single . Ryan Howard followed with an RBI single , and Domonic Brown drove in Utley with a sacrifice fly to make it 2 - 0 . Howard 's homer made it 4 - 0 in the sixth . It was the first homer for Howard , who had been 0 for 4 with two strikeouts against Miller . Jake Diekman relieved Buchanan with two outs in the eighth and retired Jon Jay on a flyout to end the inning . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth when Carlos Ruiz doubled and scored on Howard 's single . Domonic Brown 's sacrifice fly scored Utley for a 2 - 0 lead . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Carlos Ruiz led off with a double and Chase Utley followed with a single . Howard followed with an RBI single , and Domonic Brown drove in Utley with a sacrifice fly to make it 2 - 0 . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Carlos Ruiz led off with a double and Chase Utley followed with a single . Howard followed with an RBI single , and Domonic Brown drove in Utley with a sacrifice fly to make it 2 - 0 . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Carlos Ruiz led off with a double and Chase Utley followed with a single . Howard followed with an RBI single , and Domonic Brown drove in Utley with a sacrifice fly to make it 2 - 0 . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Carlos Ruiz led off with a double and Chase Utley followed with a single . Howard followed with an RBI single , and Domonic Brown drove in Utley with a sacrifice fly to make it 2 - 0 . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Carlos Ruiz led off with a double and Chase Utley followed with a single . Howard followed with an RBI single , and Domonic Brown drove in Utley with a sacrifice fly to make it 2 - 0 . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Carlos Ruiz led off with a double and Chase Utley followed with a single . Howard followed with an RBI single , and Domonic Brown drove in Utley with a sacrifice fly to make it 2 - 0 . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Carlos Ruiz led off with a double and Chase Utley followed with a single . Howard followed with an RBI single , and Domonic Brown drove in Utley with a sacrifice fly to make it 2 - 0 . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Carlos Ruiz led off with a double and Chase Utley followed with a single . Howard followed with an RBI single , and Domonic Brown drove in Utley with a sacrifice fly to make it 2 - 0 . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Carlos Ruiz led off with a double and Chase Utley followed with a single . Ryan Howard followed with an RBI single , and Domonic Brown drove in Utley with a sacrifice fly to make it 2 - 0 . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Carlos Ruiz led off with a double and Chase Utley followed with a single . Ryan Howard followed with an RBI single , and Domonic Brown drove in Utley with a sacrifice fly to make it 2 - 0 . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Carlos Ruiz led off with a double and Chase Utley followed with a single . Ryan Howard followed with an RBI single , and Domonic Brown drove in Utley with a sacrifice fly to make it 2 - 0 . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on Howard 's RBI single and Domonic Brown 's sacrifice fly
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Kevin Gausman was n't going to let the game get away . Gausman pitched six shutout innings , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 2 - 0 on Wednesday night . Gausman ( 3 - 1 ) allowed five hits , struck out five and walked one . Zach Britton pitched the ninth for his ninth save in 10 opportunities . Alex Cobb ( 2 - 5 ) gave up one unearned run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked four . The Rays have lost five of their last six games . Nick Markakis reached on second baseman Ben Zobrist 's fielding error with two outs in the fifth and scored on Pearce 's double down the right-field line . Pearce was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Cruz made it 2 - 0 with a solo homer off Kirby Yates in the eighth . Evan Longoria hit a leadoff double in the sixth for the Rays ' first hit off Gausman , who allowed five hits and one walk in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Tampa Bay 's Evan Longoria hit a leadoff double in the sixth , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Cruz put the Orioles up 2 - 0 on a solo homer off Kirby Yates in the eighth . The Orioles loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh , but failed to score when Adam Jones grounded into a force play .
CHICAGO -- Danny Duffy has been a big part of it . Duffy struck out nine in seven shutout innings and the Kansas City Royals beat the Chicago White Sox 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Duffy ( 4 - 5 ) gave up five hits and walked one . He has allowed three runs or fewer in seven of his last 10 starts . Billy Butler hit a two - run homer and Billy Butler added a two - run shot as the Royals won for the fourth time in five games . The Royals scored three runs in the fourth off Hector Noesi ( 2 - 5 ) . Noesi ( 2 - 5 ) was charged with five runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Royals scored three runs in the fourth to go up 5 - 0 . Butler led off with a walk and Alex Gordon and Salvador Perez singled to load the bases . Lorenzo Cain hit a grounder to third baseman Leury Garcia , who threw wildly to the plate for an error , allowing Alex Gordon to score . Alcides Escobar singled to load the bases before Norichika Aoki grounded into a double play , scoring Cain . Omar Infante added an RBI single off Javy Guerra to make it 5 - 0 . The Royals added three runs in the ninth off Daniel Webb . Eric Hosmer drove in Omar Infante with a double and Billy Butler followed with a two - run homer to make it 9 - 0 . The White Sox had runners on second and third with two outs in the fourth , but Tyler Flowers grounded out to end the inning . The White Sox threatened in the eighth , loading the bases with no outs on a single by Adam Eaton , a wild pitch and a walk to Gordon Beckham . But Aaron Crow came in and struck out Jose Abreu , but Dayan Viciedo singled to put runners on the corners with two outs . Konerko , who had three hits , homered off Michael Mariot in the ninth .
PHILADELPHIA -- John Mayberry Jr. is making the most of his opportunity . Mayberry homered and drove in three runs to lead the Philadelphia Phillies to a 7 - 3 win over the San Diego Padres on Friday night . Brignac 's two - run double off Eric Stults ( 2 - 8 ) in the sixth inning gave the Phillies a 4 - 2 lead . Jimmy Rollins led off the bottom of the inning with a walk and Chase Utley followed with a walk . Marlon Byrd lined out to second and Ryan Howard struck out before Brignac drove a 2 - 1 pitch into the right-field corner to score Brown and Nieves . Mayberry had three hits and drove in three runs . Kyle Kendrick ( 2 - 6 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Eric Stults ( 2 - 8 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in five innings . The Padres took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Will Venable led off with a single and Everth Cabrera followed with a single . Chase Headley followed with an RBI double to right . Ben Revere led off the bottom of the first with a double and scored on Rollins ' single to cut it to 2 - 1 . The Phillies tied it in the fourth when Byrd singled and John Mayberry Jr. doubled to right . Byrd scored on Brown 's sacrifice fly to tie it at 2 . Brignac 's two - run double off Dale Thayer in the sixth gave the Phillies a 4 - 2 lead . Yasmani Grandal hit a solo homer off Ken Giles in the ninth .
PITTSBURGH -- Andrew McCutchen is starting to feel comfortable at the plate . McCutchen hit a two - run homer and drove in two runs to lead the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 4 - 2 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Friday night . McCutchen 's two - run homer in the first inning off Jason Hammel ( 6 - 4 ) was his fourth of the season and second in as many games . He also walked twice and drove in two runs . McCutchen is hitting .318 with four home runs and 10 RBIs in his past six games . Brandon Cumpton ( 2 - 2 ) gave up two runs and five hits in five innings , walking two and striking out five . Jason Grilli pitched a perfect ninth for his 10th save in 12 opportunities . Jason Hammel ( 6 - 4 ) gave up four runs and 11 hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked two . McCutchen 's two - run homer in the first inning gave the Pirates a 2 - 0 lead . The Cubs tied it in the second on a single by Luis Valbuena , a walk to Nate Schierholtz and an RBI single by John Baker . Darwin Barney followed with an RBI groundout to tie the game at 2 . Jordy Mercer doubled and Harrison was hit by a pitch to load the bases with one out in the second . Mercer scored on a groundout by Gregory Polanco . The Pirates made it 4 - 2 in the bottom of the third when Pedro Alvarez tripled and scored on Marte 's single . The Cubs loaded the bases with one out in the fifth but Cumpton struck out Nate Schierholtz to end the threat .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- The Chicago White Sox are on their longest winning streak in nearly a month . Conor Gillaspie hit a two - run double during a seven - run sixth inning , and the White Sox beat the Detroit Tigers 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . John Danks ( 5 - 5 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . Justin Verlander ( 6 - 6 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked four . The Tigers have lost four straight and six of seven . Abreu led off the sixth with a single , and Adam Dunn and Alexei Ramirez singled to load the bases . Dayan Viciedo hit into a double play , and Abreu scored when Dayan Viciedo grounded into a double play . Verlander allowed seven runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked four . Abreu led off the second with a drive to right for his 15th homer , giving Chicago a 1 - 0 lead . The Tigers tied it in the fourth when Miguel Cabrera led off with a double and scored on Torii Hunter 's groundout . Nick Castellanos led off the fifth with a double and Alex Avila was hit by a pitch to put runners on first and third with one out . But Danks got Rajai Davis to pop out and Ian Kinsler to line out to end the inning . The Tigers got a run back in the seventh on Rajai Davis ' RBI double .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- The Tampa Bay Rays are making a push for a playoff spot . Yadier Molina drove in two runs and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the St. Louis Cardinals 6 - 3 on Sunday to complete a three - game sweep . The Rays , who have the best record in the majors , have won six of their last seven games . Desmond Jennings drove in two runs and Desmond Jennings drove in two runs for the Rays , who won for the fourth time in five games . Cardinals reliever Carlos Martinez left in the seventh with a strained left hamstring after giving up a single to Desmond Jennings and walking Kevin Kiermaier . Randy Choate replaced Martinez and gave up a sacrifice fly to James Loney . Balfour pitched the ninth for his 10th save in 12 opportunities . Michael Wacha ( 4 - 5 ) gave up four runs and four hits in five innings . Yadier Molina put the Cardinals up 2 - 0 with a two - run single in the third off Erik Bedard , who allowed three runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . The Cardinals made it 3 - 0 in the fourth when Jon Jay singled , took second on Mark Ellis ' single and scored on Matt Carpenter 's single . The Rays took a 4 - 3 lead in the fourth on an RBI single by Matt Joyce and a two - run single by Desmond Jennings . The Cardinals loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth on a single by Yadier Molina , a walk to Kevin Kiermaier and a walk to Mark Ellis . Longoria 's RBI single off Randy Choate made it 5 - 3 , and Loney 's sacrifice fly off Randy Choate made it 6 - 3 .
PITTSBURGH -- Anthony Rizzo 's first home run of the season was a big one . Rizzo had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in three runs to lead the Chicago Cubs to a 7 - 3 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Rizzo had three hits , including a two - run double in the sixth that gave the Cubs a 5 - 3 lead . He also hit a two - run double in the ninth off Casey Sadler ( 0 - 1 ) . Rizzo went 3 - for - 4 with three RBIs and scored three times . Valbuena , who entered as a pinch hitter in the sixth , hit a two - run double off Casey Sadler ( 0 - 1 ) to put the Cubs up 5 - 3 . Travis Wood ( 6 - 5 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings , walking two and striking out two . Casey Sadler ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and four hits in 2 2/3 innings . Travis Wood ( 6 - 5 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings , walking two and striking out two . Casey Sadler ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and four hits in 2 2/3 innings in his major league debut . Rizzo hit a two - run homer in the first off Pittsburgh reliever Francisco Liriano , who was making his major league debut . The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the third when McCutchen hit a two - run homer off Francisco Liriano . The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the inning when Starling Marte led off with a double and scored on Josh Harrison 's sacrifice fly . The Cubs added three runs in the seventh . Junior Lake singled with two outs and scored on Rizzo 's double . Castro added an RBI single off Justin Wilson .
ANAHEIM , Calif. ( AP ) -- Josh Hamilton has been on a tear since coming off the disabled list with a strained left hamstring . The Los Angeles Angels ' All-Star left fielder has been one of the biggest surprises of the season . Hamilton drove in the winning run with a two - out homer in the 14th inning , giving the Angels a 2 - 1 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Wednesday night . Hamilton went 2 - for - 5 with a walk and a stolen base in his return to the lineup after missing two games because of a sore left knee . Cowgill , who had been 0 for 6 with a walk in his first two games , hit a 1 - 2 pitch from Jeff Francis ( 0 - 2 ) over the fence in left-center for his third homer of the season . Cory Rasmus ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two perfect innings of relief for the win . Jeff Francis ( 0 - 2 ) walked Mike Trout leading off the 13th and pinch-runner Kole Calhoun sacrificed him to second . Francis intentionally walked Josh Hamilton , then got David Freese to ground into a double play . Francis ( 0 - 2 ) walked Mike Trout leading off the 13th and pinch-runner Kole Calhoun sacrificed him to second . Francis intentionally walked Josh Hamilton , but Freese grounded into a double play . The A 's , who had won five of their previous six games , have lost five of their last six . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Mike Trout drew a leadoff walk and went to third when third baseman Josh Donaldson bobbled Albert Pujols ' grounder for an error . Josh Hamilton followed with an RBI single , but David Freese grounded into a double play to end the inning . The A 's tied it in the eighth when Nick Punto hit a leadoff double against Mike Morin and scored on Jed Lowrie 's sacrifice fly . Santiago allowed three hits , struck out eight and walked one .
CINCINNATI -- Josh Beckett was n't going to let the game get away from him . Beckett pitched six shutout innings , and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Cincinnati Reds 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Beckett ( 4 - 3 ) gave up two hits , struck out seven and walked one while lowering his ERA to 2.35 . The Dodgers won for the fourth time in five games and moved a season-high 10 games over .500 . The Reds have lost five of their last six games overall . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . Mike Leake ( 3 - 6 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Adrian Gonzalez led off with a double and scored on Andre Ethier 's double . The Dodgers extended their lead to 4 - 0 in the fifth on Justin Turner 's RBI single and Hanley Ramirez 's two - run single . The Dodgers made it 6 - 0 in the sixth on Justin Turner 's RBI single off Sam LeCure . The Dodgers made it 6 - 0 in the seventh on a double by Jay Bruce , a single by Devin Mesoraco and an RBI single by Zack Cozart . Chris Perez relieved Maholm and gave up a single to Billy Hamilton that loaded the bases with two outs . The Reds had runners on first and second with two outs in the eighth , but Brian Wilson struck out pinch-hitter Chris Heisey and Skip Schumaker to end the threat .
TORONTO -- Kevin Pillar was n't sure what to expect when he came to the plate with the bases loaded and one out . Pillar singled home the winning run in the bottom of the ninth , and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Minnesota Twins 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Danny Santana homered and Kurt Suzuki had three hits for the Twins , who snapped a four - game losing streak . Dioner Navarro drew a leadoff walk in the ninth from Matt Guerrier ( 0 - 1 ) and went to second on Jose Reyes ' one - out single . Casey Fien came on to face Pillar , who lined a single to left . Pillar was mobbed by his teammates as he crossed the plate . Casey Janssen ( 1 - 0 ) got the win despite allowing two runs in the top of the ninth . Danny Santana and Brian Dozier homered in the first for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Encarnacion hit a three - run homer in the first off Ricky Nolasco , who allowed four runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out six . Reyes led off the bottom of the fifth with a homer to left , his 11th . The Twins loaded the bases with one out in the sixth , but Dustin McGowan came in and got Trevor Plouffe to ground into a double play . Dickey allowed two runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings , walked two and struck out three . Twins starter Ricky Nolasco allowed four runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings , walked two and struck out six .
PHOENIX -- The Arizona Diamondbacks had a chance to win the game . Paul Goldschmidt hit a two - run homer in Arizona 's five - run seventh inning , and the Diamondbacks rallied to beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 5 on Wednesday night . The Diamondbacks have won six of their last seven games , including three in a row . Chase Anderson ( 5 - 0 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings , striking out eight and walking one . Brad Ziegler gave up a leadoff homer to Ramiro Pena in the ninth , then retired Jason Heyward on a grounder to first for his first save . Aaron Harang ( 4 - 5 ) gave up three runs and four hits in six innings , walking six and striking out four . Justin Upton hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Aaron Hill led off the Diamondbacks ' seventh with a single , then Peralta tied it with a two - run homer off Joe Thatcher . Justin Upton walked and Eric Chavez walked to load the bases . Evan Marshall relieved Thatcher and gave up an RBI single to Tommy La Stella to cut Atlanta 's lead to 6 - 4 . But Marshall struck out Gerald Laird to end the inning . The Braves had a chance to add to their lead in the sixth when Freeman singled with two outs and Upton followed with his fourth home run of the season . The Diamondbacks loaded the bases with no outs in the fifth , but Parra grounded into a double play and Owings struck out .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Seattle Mariners had a lot to do with it . James Jones hit a two - run triple during Seattle 's five - run ninth inning , and the Mariners beat the Tampa Bay Rays 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . The Mariners , who have the best record in the American League , have won six of their last seven games . The Rays , who have the worst record in the majors , lost for the fourth time in five games . Brad Miller tripled with two outs in the ninth off Grant Balfour ( 0 - 2 ) and scored on Endy Chavez 's two - out single . Willie Bloomquist walked and Kyle Seager hit a two - run double down the right-field line to make it 5 - 0 . Kyle Seager added a two - run triple to make it 5 - 0 . Dominic Leone got the first two outs of the ninth before Balfour ( 0 - 2 ) gave up a two - out triple to Brad Miller . Willie Bloomquist walked and Chavez singled to right to drive in Miller . Kyle Seager followed with a two - run double . Dominic Leone got James Loney to strike out and Ben Zobrist struck out to end the inning . The Rays have been shut out in three of their last four games . Tampa Bay 's Chris Archer gave up five hits over 6 1/3 scoreless innings . Tampa Bay starter Chris Archer allowed five hits and one walk in 6 1/3 innings . The Mariners loaded the bases with one out in the fifth on a walk to Brad Miller and a single by Willie Bloomquist and a single by Endy Chavez . Archer escaped the jam when James Jones grounded into a fielder 's choice , and Robinson Cano lined out to second to end the inning . The Mariners loaded the bases with one out in the fifth , but failed to score when James Jones grounded into a fielder 's choice and Robinson Cano lined out .
PHOENIX -- Julio Teheran has been one of the best pitchers in the majors . The Atlanta Braves ' right-hander gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings to win his fourth straight start , and the Atlanta Braves beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 5 - 2 on Wednesday night . Teheran ( 6 - 3 ) struck out seven and walked one . Jason Heyward hit a two - run homer off Brandon McCarthy ( 1 - 8 ) in the fifth inning to give Atlanta a 2 - 1 lead . It was his fourth of the season and first since May 8 . The Braves scored twice in the seventh to take a 3 - 2 lead . Jason Heyward drew a one - out walk and scored on Simmons ' double . Joe Thatcher got the final out of the inning . McCarthy ( 1 - 8 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Joe Thatcher got the final out of the seventh , and Randall Delgado recorded the final out of the seventh for Atlanta . The Braves added two runs in the ninth off Trevor Cahill . Jordan Schafer led off with a single , then stole second and advanced to third on a groundout by Pena . Heyward singled to right to drive in Schafer , and Justin Upton added an RBI single to make it 5 - 2 . Craig Kimbrel got the last four outs for his 16th save in 17 tries . Didi Gregorius hit his first major league home run for the Diamondbacks , a solo shot in the first . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth when Schafer led off with a double and scored on Heyward 's two - run homer . The Diamondbacks tied it at 2 in the fifth . David Peralta led off with a double and scored on Brandon McCarthy 's two - out single .
DETROIT -- Toronto Blue Jays manager John Gibbons had no idea what to expect . Melky Cabrera hit a solo homer in the ninth inning , and the Blue Jays beat the Detroit Tigers 7 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Blue Jays have won four of their last five games . Verlander ( 6 - 5 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in seven innings . He walked Adam Lind to start the sixth , and Francisco and Lawrie followed with back-to-back homers to make it 6 - 3 . J. A. Happ ( 5 - 2 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Chad Jenkins pitched 2 1/3 scoreless innings , and Casey Janssen got the final out for his 10th save in 12 chances . Justin Verlander ( 6 - 5 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out four . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on Ian Kinsler 's RBI triple and Torii Hunter 's sacrifice fly . The Blue Jays took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth on Dioner Navarro 's RBI single and Erik Kratz 's two - run single . The Tigers tied it in the bottom of the fifth on a single by Alex Avila , a single by Alex Avila and a single by Nick Castellanos . Avila scored on Ian Kinsler 's groundout to tie the game at 3 . Francisco and Lawrie hit back-to-back homers in the sixth to give Toronto a 6 - 3 lead . Melky Cabrera added a solo homer in the ninth off Phil Coke .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- The Minnesota Twins are starting to find ways to win . Francisco Rodriguez struck out pinch-hitter Chris Parmelee to end the ninth inning and the Twins held on for a 6 - 4 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Wednesday night . The Twins , who have won six of their last seven games , moved two games over .500 for the first time this season . Samuel Deduno ( 2 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out two . Glen Perkins pitched the ninth for his 15th save in 18 chances . Yovani Gallardo ( 3 - 4 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Brewers grabbed a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jean Segura singled , took third on Scooter Gennett 's single and scored on Ryan Braun 's fielder 's choice . The Twins tied it in the second when Trevor Plouffe singled , took second on a wild pitch and scored on Josmil Pinto 's single to tie it at 1 . Willingham hit a three - run homer in the third to give the Twins a 4 - 1 lead . The Brewers cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the fourth on an RBI single by Martin Maldonado . Danny Santana led off the fifth with a single and Dozier followed by hitting a 2 - 1 pitch over the wall in left-center for his 18th home run of the season . The Brewers cut it to 6 - 3 in the eighth against Casey Fien when Gomez doubled and scored on Overbay 's two - out single .
ATLANTA -- Stefen Romero was n't sure if he 'd ever hit a pinch-hit homer . Romero gave up a two - run homer to John Buck in the seventh inning , and the Seattle Mariners rallied for a 7 - 5 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Friday night . It was the first pinch-hit homer of Romero 's career and the first pinch-hit homer of his career . Buck hit a two - run homer off Alex Wood ( 5 - 6 ) in the seventh to give Seattle a 7 - 5 lead . It was Buck 's first three - hit game of the season . It was the first pinch-hit homer of Romero 's career . Fernando Rodney pitched a perfect ninth for his 15th save in 18 chances . Wood ( 5 - 6 ) gave up two runs and two hits in two innings . The Braves scored four runs in the first off Erasmo Ramirez . Dustin Ackley led off with a double and scored on Brad Miller 's single . Erasmo Ramirez then moved up on a sacrifice bunt by Erasmo Ramirez and scored on Jones ' single . Upton 's homer gave Atlanta a 5 - 2 lead in the second . The Mariners tied it in the fourth on Romero 's first pinch-hit homer of the season , a three - run shot . Gavin Floyd gave up five runs , three earned , in five innings .
LOS ANGELES -- Clayton Kershaw was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Kershaw struck out nine in eight innings , and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Chicago White Sox 5 - 2 on Friday night for their fourth straight victory . Justin Turner 's two - run single highlighted a five - run sixth inning for the Dodgers , who won for the fourth time in five games . Kershaw ( 4 - 2 ) gave up two runs and four hits , struck out nine and walked none . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth for his 17th save in 18 chances . Jose Abreu hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Jose Quintana ( 3 - 5 ) gave up five runs -- none earned -- and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Kershaw led off the sixth with a single and Matt Kemp reached on a throwing error by third baseman Conor Gillaspie . Quintana struck out Yasiel Puig before Hanley Ramirez hit a grounder to third baseman Conor Gillaspie , who threw wildly to the plate for an error that allowed Kershaw to score . White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen came out to argue and was ejected for the first time this season . Abreu then drove a 1 - 0 pitch into the lower seats in the left-field corner for a two - run homer , giving the White Sox a 2 - 0 lead . It was his fourth of the season and second in two days . The White Sox have scored three runs or fewer in 10 of their last 12 games . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games .
CHICAGO -- Chris Sale was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Sale struck out nine in a two - hitter to lead the Chicago White Sox to a 4 - 1 victory over the San Diego Padres on Friday night . Sale ( 5 - 0 ) threw a two - hitter for his second complete game of the season and second of his career . He threw 72 of his 100 pitches for strikes and lowered his ERA to 1.59 . White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen said he was impressed with Sale 's performance . Chase Headley hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Konerko 's two - out , two - run double in the sixth off Eric Stults ( 2 - 6 ) gave the White Sox a 4 - 1 lead . Stults ( 2 - 6 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Konerko gave the White Sox a 1 - 0 lead in the second when he drove a 3 - 2 pitch from Stults into the left-field bullpen for his second home run of the season . The Padres tied it in the fifth when Chase Headley led off with a homer to left , his fourth of the season . Flowers added a solo shot in the fifth to give the White Sox a 2 - 1 lead . Konerko 's two - out , two - run double in the sixth off Eric Stults ( 2 - 6 ) gave the White Sox a 2 - 1 lead . The Padres threatened in the seventh when Chris Denorfia led off with a fly ball to deep left that Chris Denorfia caught on the warning track in the left-field corner . The ball popped out of his glove and fell to the warning track , but Denorfia was thrown out by Headley .
LOS ANGELES -- The Pittsburgh Pirates have n't had a winning record since the All-Star break . The Pirates got a scare when pinch hitter Gaby Sanchez grounded out with the bases loaded in the top of the ninth inning , and the Pirates held on for a 5 - 3 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Friday night . The Pirates won for the seventh time in eight games and moved within one game of first-place St. Louis in the NL Central . Edinson Volquez ( 3 - 4 ) gave up two runs and five hits in five innings , struck out six and walked one . Jason Grilli gave up a run in the ninth on pinch-hitter Scott Van Slyke 's RBI single before getting his eighth save in 12 chances . Zack Greinke ( 8 - 2 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings , struck out seven and walked two . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Alvarez 's two - out , two - run single that scored Andrew McCutchen and Ike Davis . The Dodgers cut it to 2 - 1 in the bottom of the second on Justin Turner 's RBI single . McCutchen 's homer in the third was the only extra-base hit for the Pirates . Turner 's homer in the fourth was the only extra-base hit allowed by Greinke , who struck out seven and walked two . The Pirates extended their lead to 4 - 2 in the sixth . Andrew McCutchen led off with a double and moved to third on Ike Davis ' fly ball to deep center . Russell Martin was hit by a pitch with one out and scored on Pedro Alvarez 's single to center . Harrison homered off Chris Perez in the seventh to make it 5 - 2 .
CLEVELAND -- The Seattle Mariners are on a roll . Mike Zunino hit a go-ahead two - run homer in the eighth inning and the Mariners beat the Cleveland Indians 6 - 5 on Sunday to complete a three - game sweep . The Mariners have won four of their last five . Joe Beimel ( 3 - 1 ) got the last out of the seventh for the win . Danny Farquhar gave up an RBI single to Carlos Santana in the seventh to make it 5 - 4 . Bryan Shaw ( 4 - 3 ) walked Kyle Seager to start the eighth and Zunino drove a 2 - 0 pitch over the wall in right for his 21st homer . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 30th save in 32 chances . Joe Beimel ( 3 - 1 ) recorded the final out in the seventh for the win . Dustin Ackley and Mike Zunino hit two - run homers for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jason Kipnis doubled and scored on Michael Brantley 's single . The Mariners tied it in the second on a double by Kendrys Morales and a single by Kyle Seager . Morales scored on Logan Morrison 's sacrifice fly . Endy Chavez led off the third with a single and Ackley followed with a two - run homer . Chris Taylor singled and scored on Cano 's double to make it 4 - 1 . The Indians tied it in the bottom half on Kipnis ' two - run homer and Santana 's sacrifice fly .
CHICAGO -- Jake Arrieta was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Arrieta struck out seven in seven strong innings , and the Chicago Cubs beat the Colorado Rockies 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Arrieta ( 6 - 2 ) gave up one run and three hits , improving to 6 - 0 in his last seven starts . The Rockies scored a run in the seventh on Nolan Arenado 's RBI double and a bases-loaded walk to Charlie Culberson . But DJ LeMahieu grounded out to end the inning . Hector Rondon worked around a pair of singles in the ninth for his 14th save in 18 chances . Pedro Hernandez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He was replaced by Matt Belisle , who got the last two outs of the sixth . Hernandez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . The Rockies have lost five of their last six games . The Rockies got a run back in the seventh when Corey Dickerson led off with a single and scored on Nolan Arenado 's double . After Justin Morneau walked , Matt Belisle came in and retired Wilin Rosario on a foul popup before walking Charlie Culberson to load the bases . Matt Belisle came in and got DJ LeMahieu to ground out to end the inning . The Rockies , who have lost five of their last six games , have scored three runs or fewer in 10 of their last 12 games . The Cubs have won six of their last seven games . Arismendy Alcantara and Chris Coghlan started the sixth with singles and Anthony Rizzo walked to load the bases . Starlin Castro walked to force in a run , and Justin Ruggiano 's sacrifice fly made it 2 - 0 .
HOUSTON -- Alberto Callaspo was n't sure if he 'd ever hit a pinch-hit home run . Callaspo hit a two - run single in Oakland 's five - run ninth inning and the Oakland Athletics rallied for a 7 - 4 win over the Houston Astros on Wednesday night . The A 's have won four of their last five games . Derek Norris singled with one out in the ninth and Josh Reddick followed with a double off Chad Qualls ( 1 - 2 ) . Callaspo followed with a two - run single off Tony Sipp to cut the lead to 4 - 3 . Qualls ( 1 - 2 ) allowed four hits and five runs in two - thirds of an inning for the loss . Sean Doolittle pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save . Marwin Gonzalez gave the Astros a 1 - 0 lead with a solo homer in the first inning . Josh Reddick led off the Houston fifth with a homer to left field to tie it at 1 . The Astros added a run in the fifth on an RBI triple by Enrique Hernandez and an RBI single by Jose Altuve . The Astros added a run in the seventh on an RBI double by Enrique Hernandez . Samardzija allowed six hits and four runs with seven strikeouts in 6 2/3 innings . Oakland starter Jeff Samardzija allowed six hits and four runs with seven strikeouts in 6 2/3 innings .
CINCINNATI -- The Arizona Diamondbacks had a lot to do with it . Nick Ahmed singled home the go-ahead run in the 15th inning , and the Diamondbacks beat the Cincinnati Reds 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . The Diamondbacks won for the fourth time in five games . The Diamondbacks won for the fourth time in five games and moved two games over .500 for the first time this season . The Reds have lost six of their last seven overall . Martin Prado walked with one out in the 15th off J. J. Hoover ( 1 - 8 ) and advanced to second on a groundout by Didi Gregorius . Ahmed then lined a single to center field . Oliver Perez ( 1 - 1 ) got the win with two innings of scoreless relief . The Reds had runners on first and second with one out in the 11th , but Randall Delgado struck out Todd Frazier and got Devin Mesoraco to pop out . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . Mesoraco led off the second inning with his sixth homer of the season . The Diamondbacks tied it in the fourth on a two - out double by Mark Trumbo and an RBI single by Miguel Montero . Arizona starter Chase Anderson allowed one run and three hits in seven innings , striking out eight and walking two . Anderson struck out eight and walked two .
CINCINNATI -- Tanner Roark is making a habit of staying in the National League . Roark allowed three hits in seven innings , and the Washington Nationals beat the Cincinnati Reds 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Roark ( 10 - 6 ) gave up one run and three hits , striking out six and walking one . Rafael Soriano gave up a one - out walk in the ninth before getting Brayan Pena to pop up for his 24th save in 26 chances . The Nationals have won six of their last seven games , including three in a row at Great American Ball Park . The Reds have lost five of their last six games overall . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . Alfredo Simon ( 12 - 5 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . The Nationals took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth . Bryce Harper led off with a single , took second on Wilson Ramos ' single and scored on Zach Walters ' double . Denard Span and Anthony Rendon added RBI singles for a 3 - 0 lead . Billy Hamilton led off the fourth with a single , stole second and scored on Ryan Ludwick 's single . The Nationals made it 4 - 1 in the sixth off J. J. Hoover . Denard Span singled with one out and scored on Adam LaRoche 's two - out single . The Nationals made it 4 - 1 in the sixth off J. J. Hoover . Denard Span singled with one out and scored on Adam LaRoche 's two - out single . The Reds had runners on first and second with two outs in the seventh , but Roark got Zack Cozart to ground into a fielder 's choice .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals are making a habit of getting back to the postseason . Billy Butler hit a go-ahead , two - run homer in the eighth inning and the Royals beat the Cleveland Indians 6 - 4 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Royals have won six of their last seven games , including three of their last four . Aaron Crow worked the ninth for his second save in three opportunities . Salvador Perez singled with one out in the eighth off Carlos Carrasco ( 3 - 4 ) and went to second on a sacrifice bunt by Jose Ramirez . Jason Kipnis ' sacrifice fly off Jason Frasor tied the game 4-all . Jason Kipnis ' sacrifice fly off Jason Frasor scored Yan Gomes , who had reached on a throwing error by third baseman Mike Moustakas , to tie it at 4 . Salvador Perez and Mike Moustakas hit back-to-back homers in the second inning for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Carlos Santana hit two home runs , including a two - run shot in the fourth that made it 2 - 1 . Alex Gordon singled and scored on Ibanez 's two - out triple in the fourth to make it 4 - 1 . Michael Brantley singled with one out in the sixth and scored on Santana 's two - run homer to left . The Indians tied it in the seventh when Yan Gomes reached on an error by third baseman Mike Moustakas and moved to second on Murphy 's single . Jose Ramirez advanced the runners with a sacrifice bunt , and Kipnis scored on Jason Kipnis ' sacrifice fly off Jason Frasor . Ventura gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 6 1/3 innings .
TORONTO -- David Ortiz is making a habit of coming out of the All-Star break . Ortiz hit a three - run homer and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Boston Red Sox 6 - 4 on Tuesday night , snapping a four - game losing streak . Ortiz hit a three - run homer in the first inning , his eighth of the season and second in as many days , but the Red Sox lost for the fifth time in six games . Ortiz has been one of the biggest surprises of the season . R. A. Dickey ( 8 - 10 ) allowed four runs and nine hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out five . Casey Janssen worked the ninth for his 15th save in 18 chances . Clay Buchholz ( 5 - 6 ) allowed five runs , four earned , and six hits in six - plus innings . He walked four and struck out one . David Ortiz hit a three - run homer in the first for the Red Sox , who lost for the fifth time in six games . The Blue Jays jumped on Clay Buchholz ( 5 - 6 ) for three runs in the first . Jose Reyes singled , Melky Cabrera walked and Jose Bautista hit an RBI double . Bautista scored on Colby Rasmus ' groundout and Bautista scored on Colby Rasmus ' groundout . Munenori Kawasaki singled and Bautista scored on a groundout by Colby Rasmus . Bautista scored on a groundout by Colby Rasmus , and Josh Thole tied it with an RBI double . The Blue Jays reclaimed the lead in the sixth . Josh Thole walked and scored on Goins ' one - out triple off the wall in left . Buchholz struck out Anthony Gose before Reyes hit a grounder to third , but Bogaerts dropped the ball for an error , allowing Goins to score . Bautista homered off Andrew Miller in the seventh .
PHOENIX -- Anibal Sanchez was n't going to let a 7 - 0 lead slip away . Sanchez pitched effectively into the fifth inning and the Detroit Tigers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 11 - 5 on Wednesday night . Sanchez ( 7 - 4 ) gave up five runs and 11 hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Didi Gregorius hit a two - run homer in the fifth for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Cabrera hit a three - run homer off Matt Stites in the eighth to give Detroit an 11 - 5 lead . The Tigers jumped on Trevor Cahill ( 1 - 7 ) for seven runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in four - plus innings . Alex Avila drove in three runs for the Tigers , including a sacrifice fly in the second inning that scored Victor Martinez and Don Kelly . The Tigers scored four runs in the fourth . Alex Avila drove in Miguel Cabrera with a sacrifice fly and Jackson added a three - run double . Martin Prado 's RBI double and Didi Gregorius ' two - run homer cut it to 7 - 3 in the fifth . The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 7 - 4 in the sixth on a single by Paul Goldschmidt , a stolen base and an RBI single by Gerardo Parra . Arizona cut it to 7 - 5 in the seventh on an RBI single by David Peralta , but Joba Chamberlain got Paul Goldschmidt to ground into a double play to end the inning . The Tigers added four more runs in the eighth off Matt Stites . Kinsler 's RBI single made it 8 - 5 , and Cabrera 's three - run homer made it 11 - 5 .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- Jonathan Lucroy was n't sure if he 'd ever hit a game-ending home run . Lucroy hit a game-ending homer in the ninth inning to lift the Milwaukee Brewers to a 4 - 3 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Wednesday night . Lucroy said he was n't sure if he 'd ever hit a game-ending home run . The Brewers have won five of their last six games . Lucroy hit a 1 - 1 pitch from Sam LeCure ( 1 - 2 ) over the wall in left-center for his second career game-ending homer . Francisco Rodriguez ( 4 - 3 ) pitched the ninth for the win . The Reds scored three runs in the seventh to tie it at 3 . Ryan Ludwick and Brayan Pena led off with singles and Zack Cozart was hit by a pitch to load the bases with no outs . Reds starter Homer Bailey gave up three runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked two . Ryan Braun and Aramis Ramirez hit back-to-back homers in the first for the Brewers , who have lost five of six . The Reds got a run back in the fourth when Billy Hamilton led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on a groundout by Skip Schumaker . Jay Bruce followed with an RBI double to cut the lead to 2 - 1 . Lucroy hit his second homer of the game with two outs in the sixth to make it 3 - 1 . Ryan Ludwick and Brayan Pena led off the seventh with singles and Zack Cozart was hit by a pitch to load the bases with no outs . Nelson hit Ramon Santiago with a pitch to force in a run and Chris Heisey 's sacrifice fly tied it .
NEW YORK -- The New York Yankees are on a roll . Brian McCann singled home the winning run with one out in the bottom of the ninth inning , and New York beat the Cincinnati Reds 3 - 2 Sunday for a three - game sweep . The Yankees won for just the second time in their last 10 games at Yankee Stadium . Jacoby Ellsbury led off the bottom of the ninth with a single off Aroldis Chapman ( 0 - 3 ) and stole second . He advanced to third on a wild pitch and scored on Brian McCann 's single to right . The Yankees won for the 10th time in 12 games and improved to a major league-best 43 - 19 at home . Frazier tied the score with a solo homer in the eighth off Dellin Betances . Jacoby Ellsbury led off the bottom of the ninth with a single off Chapman ( 0 - 3 ) . He stole second and went to third on a wild pitch by Chapman ( 0 - 3 ) . Chapman ( 0 - 3 ) was charged with his second blown save in 23 chances . David Robertson ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Skip Schumaker led off the eighth with a single and Todd Frazier followed with a tying homer off Dellin Betances . The Yankees took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on Derek Jeter 's RBI single and Jacoby Ellsbury 's run-scoring single . Cueto gave up two runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked four . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Zack Cozart reached on an error by second baseman Brian Roberts , moved to second on Ramon Santiago 's sacrifice and scored on Schumaker 's two - out double . The Yankees took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on Derek Jeter 's RBI single and Jacoby Ellsbury 's run-scoring single .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- The Atlanta Braves finally found a way to win . Tommy La Stella drove in three runs with two hits and the Atlanta Braves beat the Philadelphia Phillies 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Braves won for the seventh time in eight games and moved two games over .500 for the first time this season . Alex Wood ( 7 - 7 ) gave up one run on three hits and struck out eight in six innings . Kyle Kendrick ( 4 - 10 ) gave up five hits and six runs in five innings . Tommy La Stella drove in three runs with a double in the third and a three - run double in Atlanta 's four - run third . Tommy La Stella drove in three runs with a bases-loaded double in the sixth off Mario Hollands . Marlon Byrd led off the ninth with a homer off David Carpenter . Domonic Brown followed with a double , but Carpenter struck out Cody Asche and Koyie Hill to end the inning . John Mayberry Jr. gave the Phillies a 1 - 0 lead with a homer in the second . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the second . Justin Upton led off with a double and scored on Johnson 's homer . The Braves scored three runs in the third off Kyle Kendrick ( 4 - 10 ) . Upton drew a leadoff walk and moved to second on a groundout by Andrelton Simmons . Freeman was hit by a pitch to load the bases , and Heyward walked to force in a run . Kendrick retired Chris Johnson on a liner to center before La Stella hit a three - run double . Byrd led off the ninth with a homer off David Carpenter . Domonic Brown followed with a double , but Carpenter struck out Cody Asche and Koyie Hill to end the inning .
PITTSBURGH -- Pittsburgh Pirates manager Clint Hurdle is n't worried about his team 's recent success . Travis Snider hit a tiebreaking double in the eighth inning and the Pirates rallied to beat the Colorado Rockies 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Pirates won for the 10th time in 12 games and moved a half-game ahead of St. Louis in the NL wild-card race . The Pirates won for the seventh time in nine games and moved within one game of first-place St. Louis in the NL Central . The Rockies have lost five of six . Neil Walker led off the eighth with a single off Matt Belisle ( 2 - 5 ) and took third on a single by Gaby Sanchez . Snider 's double down the left-field line scored Walker . Tony Watson ( 6 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . The Pirates tied it at 2 in the seventh on pinch-hitter Josh Harrison 's sacrifice fly . Rockies starter Jorge De La Rosa gave up one run and four hits in six innings , walking three and striking out two . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Wilin Rosario led off with a double and scored on DJ LeMahieu 's single . Drew Stubbs then stole second , but Liriano struck out Drew Stubbs to end the threat . Starling Marte hit a two - out RBI triple in the fifth for Colorado 's only run . The Rockies took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth when Wilin Rosario reached on third baseman Pedro Alvarez 's two - out error and scored on DJ LeMahieu 's single off Jared Hughes . The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the inning on pinch-hitter Josh Harrison 's sacrifice fly .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- Hyun-Jin Ryu is making a strong bid for his first major league complete game . Ryu struck out 10 in six innings of two - hit ball and struck out 10 , leading the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 1 - 0 victory over the San Diego Padres on Friday night . Ryu ( 10 - 5 ) allowed two hits and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . J. P. Howell relieved Brandon League with two on and two outs in the seventh and retired Brooks Conrad on a line drive to center field . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth for his 27th save in 31 chances . Tyson Ross ( 7 - 10 ) gave up one run and six hits in seven innings , struck out nine and walked one . The right-hander retired the first 10 batters before Dee Gordon singled with one out in the sixth . Gordon scored on Puig 's single to center . Ross was charged with one run and six hits in seven innings , struck out nine and walked one . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth . Dee Gordon singled with one out and stole second before Carl Crawford walked . Yasiel Puig singled to center to score Gordon and give the Dodgers a 1 - 0 lead . The Padres threatened in the seventh when Yasmani Grandal drew a one - out walk and went to second on Cameron Maybin 's two - out single . J. P. Howell came in and got Brooks Conrad to line out to shortstop . The Dodgers had a chance to take the lead in the second when Andre Ethier led off with a double and took third on Juan Uribe 's single . But Ross struck out A. J. Ellis and got Miguel Rojas to line into a double play . The Dodgers had runners on first and third with no outs in the second , but Ross struck out A. J. Ellis and got Miguel Rojas to line into a double play . The Padres did n't get a runner past first base until Alexi Amarista 's leadoff single in the sixth . Chris Denorfia then struck out and Chase Headley flied out .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- The Kansas City Royals are making a habit of turning things around . Omar Infante hit a two - run single in Kansas City 's five - run seventh inning , and the Royals beat the Detroit Tigers 5 - 2 on Wednesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Royals , who have the best record in the American League , have won seven of their last 10 games . The Royals , who have the best record in the American League , have won seven of their last 10 games . They have the best record in the American League , and have won six of their last seven overall . Verlander ( 8 - 8 ) gave up four runs on six hits and a walk in 6 1/3 innings . He was replaced by Phil Coke , who gave up a single to Billy Butler and a single to Mike Moustakas to start the inning . Greg Holland worked a perfect ninth for his 25th save in 26 opportunities . Verlander ( 8 - 8 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Tigers have lost four straight and six of seven . Rajai Davis and Austin Jackson led off the Tigers ' third with singles and Miguel Cabrera drove him in with a sacrifice fly . J. D. Martinez followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 . In the third , Brett Hayes doubled with two outs and Nori Aoki walked before Omar Infante grounded out to end the inning . The Royals did n't get another baserunner until Jarrod Dyson 's two - out single in the fifth . The Tigers had runners on second and third with two outs in the seventh , but Rajai Davis was thrown out trying to steal second .
CINCINNATI -- Alfredo Simon has been one of the best pitchers in the National League . The Cincinnati right-hander gave up four hits in 6 2/3 innings Wednesday night , leading the Reds to a 4 - 1 victory over the Chicago Cubs . Simon ( 12 - 3 ) gave up four hits and a pair of walks while striking out eight . Aroldis Chapman struck out the side in the ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . Dallas Beeler ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out none . The Reds got a run back in the second on Ramon Santiago 's RBI double . Rizzo 's homer in the third inning was the first of his career . The Reds scored three times in the fifth . Zack Cozart singled with one out and scored on Billy Hamilton 's triple into the right-field corner . Skip Schumaker walked and Brandon Phillips singled home another run , and Jay Bruce singled in Schumaker . The Cubs have lost five of their last six games . The Reds scored three times in the fifth off Beeler . Billy Hamilton hit an RBI triple and scored on Brandon Phillips ' single , and Jay Bruce added an RBI single . The Cubs had runners on first and second with two outs in the seventh , but Manny Parra struck out pinch-hitter Nate Schierholtz to end the threat . Jonathan Broxton pitched the eighth and Jonathan Broxton finished the five - hitter .
DENVER ( AP ) -- Troy Tulowitzki was n't sure if he 'd ever hit two home runs in a game . Tulowitzki hit two of the Rockies ' four home runs , and the Colorado Rockies beat the San Diego Padres 6 - 3 on Tuesday night to end a four - game losing streak . Drew Stubbs and Troy Tulowitzki hit back-to-back homers in the eighth to help the Rockies snap a four - game losing streak . Tulowitzki , who had a two - run homer among his three hits , had a solo shot in the bottom of the inning to give the Rockies a 5 - 3 lead . Charlie Blackmon singled off Joaquin Benoit ( 3 - 1 ) with one out in the eighth and Stubbs followed with a drive to right for his eighth homer . Tulowitzki followed with his second home run of the game . LaTroy Hawkins pitched the ninth for his 17th save in 18 chances . The Padres , who have lost five of their last six games , fell to 1 - 5 on their 10-game homestand . Tulowitzki hit his 18th home run of the season in the first , a solo shot in the first . The Padres got an unearned run in the fourth when Yasmani Grandal led off with a single and scored on Jake Goebbert 's first homer of the season . Chris Denorfia and Chase Headley singled to put runners on first and third with no outs . Denorfia scored on Goebbert 's wild pitch to tie it at 3 . Jurrjens allowed three runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . Jurrjens gave up three runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two .
BOSTON -- Dayan Viciedo was n't sure what to expect from his teammates . Viciedo hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs to lead the Chicago White Sox to a 4 - 0 win over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night . Viciedo 's homer in the fourth inning off Clay Buchholz ( 3 - 5 ) gave the White Sox a 4 - 0 lead . It was his fourth of the season and second in two days . Viciedo was 2 - for - 3 with three RBIs . Scott Carroll ( 3 - 5 ) gave up one hit in 6 2/3 innings , striking out five and walking two . Clay Buchholz ( 3 - 5 ) gave up four runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Red Sox were shut out for the third time this season and have been shut out in consecutive games for the first time this season . The White Sox jumped ahead 1 - 0 in the second when Dunn led off with a homer over the Green Monster . Dunn led off the second with a drive into the left-field seats , his fourth of the season . The White Sox made it 4 - 0 in the fourth on a two - out double by Adam Dunn , a walk to Ramirez and a two - run homer by Viciedo . The Red Sox were shut out for the second time this season and have been shut out for the sixth time this season . Zach Putnam pitched a scoreless ninth for Chicago .
ARLINGTON , Houston ( AP ) -- The Houston Astros are on a roll . Jon Singleton hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs , and the Astros beat the Texas Rangers 12 - 7 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Astros had 17 hits and matched a season high with 17 hits . Marwin Gonzalez had a three - run triple during a five - run second inning for the Astros , who had a season-high 17 hits . Singleton 's first homer of the season , a three - run shot , made it 9 - 2 in the fourth . Jarred Cosart ( 9 - 6 ) allowed six runs -- five earned -- and nine hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked two . Miles Mikolas ( 0 - 1 ) gave up a career-high nine runs and 12 hits in 3 1/3 innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his major league career . Carlos Corporan had three hits , including an RBI single in a five - run second for the Astros , and Jose Altuve had two hits and scored two runs . The Rangers scored an unearned run in the second on a fielding error by Singleton at first base that allowed Leonys Martin to score from second base . Jose Altuve led off the fourth with a single and scored on Singleton 's first homer of the season . Adrian Beltre hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Rangers , who had won four of their previous five games . The Astros added three runs in the eighth on a sacrifice fly by L. J. Hoes and an RBI double by Jon Singleton .
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals have been in first place in the NL East since the All-Star break . Ryan Zimmerman drove in Denard Span with a two - out single in the eighth inning , and the Nationals beat the Chicago Cubs 2 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Nationals , who have the best record in the majors , have won seven of their last 10 games . The Nationals have won six of their last seven games , including three in a row against the Cubs . Denard Span led off the eighth with a double off Pedro Strop ( 1 - 4 ) and scored on Zimmerman 's single to right . Tyler Clippard ( 6 - 2 ) pitched the eighth for the win . Rafael Soriano pitched a perfect ninth for his 21st save in 23 chances . Washington starter Jordan Zimmermann pitched six scoreless innings , allowing seven hits and striking out five . Chicago 's Jake Arrieta gave up one run and four hits in six innings , walking three and striking out five . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Denard Span led off with a double , moved to third on Anthony Rendon 's groundout and scored on a groundout by Jayson Werth . Pinch-hitter Chris Coghlan led off the seventh with a single off Drew Storen and moved to second on Ryan Sweeney 's sacrifice bunt . After Justin Ruggiano walked , Anthony Rizzo singled to load the bases . Jerry Blevins came in and gave up a sacrifice fly to Starlin Castro that tied it at 1 . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Denard Span led off with a double and scored on a groundout by Jayson Werth .
ATLANTA -- Paul Goldschmidt was n't sure if he 'd ever hit a home run . Goldschmidt hit a two - run homer and drove in two runs to lead the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 3 - 1 win over the Atlanta Braves on Friday night . Goldschmidt hit a two - run homer in the third inning to give Arizona a 2 - 0 lead . Goldschmidt is hitting .310 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last 10 games . Miley ( 4 - 6 ) gave up one run and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out eight . Addison Reed pitched the ninth for his 20th save in 23 chances . Alex Wood ( 6 - 7 ) gave up three hits and two runs in seven innings . He walked three and struck out two . Goldschmidt hit a two - run homer in the third for a 2 - 0 lead . The Braves cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the fourth . Justin Upton walked , moved to second on Heyward 's groundout and scored on Chris Johnson 's single to center . The Braves had runners on first and second with two outs in the seventh , but Evan Marshall struck out B. J. Upton to end the inning . Anthony Varvaro gave up a one - out single to Martin Prado in the ninth before walking Justin Upton . Nick Evans hit an RBI double off Luis Avilan . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the eighth against Brad Ziegler on a single by Andrelton Simmons and a one - out walk to Justin Upton . But Ziegler got Jason Heyward to ground out and struck out Chris Johnson .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Garrett Richards has been on a roll since returning from the disabled list . The right-hander struck out a season-high 11 in 7 1/3 innings , and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Houston Astros 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Richards ( 10 - 2 ) gave up one run and six hits , lowering his ERA to 2.71 . The right-hander is 10 - 0 with a 1.62 ERA in his last 10 starts at Angel Stadium . The Astros scored their only run in the seventh on Carlos Corporan 's RBI single after Alex Presley hit a one - out double and advanced on a passed ball by left fielder Enrique Hernandez . The Angels tacked on two more in the eighth against closer Chad Qualls . Pujols hit a two - run single with the bases loaded , and Mike Trout scored on a throwing error by second baseman Jose Altuve . Collin McHugh ( 4 - 8 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in four innings , struck out four and walked two . The Angels took a 3 - 0 lead in the third after Hank Conger led off with a single and advanced on Kole Calhoun 's single . Trout was hit by a pitch to load the bases with one out , and Pujols lined a 1 - 2 pitch to center field for a two - run single . The Angels increased their margin to 4 - 1 in the seventh when Alex Presley doubled and scored on Carlos Corporan 's two - out single . Jason Castro singled off Joe Thatcher with one out in the eighth , but Morin struck out George Springer and got Jon Singleton to foul out to end the inning . The Angels tacked on two more runs in the eighth against Chad Qualls . Pujols singled to lead off the inning , and Erick Aybar singled to put runners at the corners with one out .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Christian Yelich was n't sure what to expect . Yelich hit a three - run homer , Casey McGehee had a tying single in the ninth and the Miami Marlins beat the St. Louis Cardinals 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Yelich , who entered the game in a 1 - for - 18 slump , hit a two - out , three - run homer off Seth Maness in the sixth to cut the deficit to 5 - 4 . Donovan Solano singled with one out and Giancarlo Stanton struck out before McGehee 's tying single . Rosenthal ( 0 - 4 ) gave up a single to Donovan Solano and struck out Giancarlo Stanton before McGehee singled to tie it . Jeff Baker 's pinch-hit single off Sam Freeman tied it in the ninth . It was Rosenthal 's fourth blown save in 23 chances . Allen Craig hit a two - run homer and Yadier Molina had two hits and an RBI for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . St. Louis starter Shelby Heaney allowed five runs and eight hits in 3 1/3 innings , including a two - run homer by Craig and a solo shot by Jhonny Peralta in the fourth . Cardinals starter Shelby Miller allowed three runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . Christian Yelich hit a three - run homer off Seth Maness in the sixth to cut the deficit to 5 - 4 . Casey McGehee had three hits , including an RBI single in the first for St. Louis , and Christian Yelich hit a three - run homer for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Yadier Molina had an RBI single in the first for St. Louis . The Cardinals scored four times in the fourth . Mark Ellis led off with a single , advanced on Miller 's sacrifice and scored on Holliday 's two - out single . Craig and Peralta followed with back-to-back homers to put the Cardinals up 5 - 1 . Heaney allowed five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings .
MIAMI -- The Philadelphia Phillies ' bullpen has been a big problem for the Phillies . Jimmy Rollins hit a tying RBI single in the ninth inning and the Phillies rallied to beat the Miami Marlins 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Phillies won for only the fourth time in their past 13 games . The Marlins scored three runs in the eighth off Jake Diekman ( 3 - 2 ) . Tony Gwynn Jr. led off with a walk against Steve Cishek ( 4 - 4 ) and advanced to third on Ben Revere 's one - out single . Revere stole second and scored when Rollins grounded to first baseman Ryan Howard , who threw to the plate for the second out . Chase Utley followed with an RBI groundout to make it 4 - 2 . Jake Diekman ( 3 - 2 ) got the win despite giving up two runs in the eighth . Kyle Kendrick allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings for Miami . Chris Hatcher gave up a two - run double to Cameron Rupp in the sixth . Miami 's Brad Hand allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Marcell Ozuna led off with a double and scored on Brad Hand 's sacrifice bunt . Christian Yelich singled home Ozuna in the fifth to make it 2 - 0 . The Phillies took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth . Chase Utley , Howard and Byrd singled to load the bases with no outs . Cesar Hernandez drove in a run with a fielder 's choice , and Rupp 's two - out double off Chris Hatcher gave the Phillies a 3 - 2 lead .
HOUSTON -- The Seattle Mariners have n't had much success at Minute Maid Park this season . Logan Morrison hit a go-ahead two - run double in Seattle 's four - run sixth inning and the Mariners beat the Houston Astros 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Mariners have won six of their last seven games . Young ( 8 - 4 ) allowed two hits and two runs with eight strikeouts in seven innings . Fernando Rodney pitched a perfect ninth for his 24th save . Brad Peacock ( 2 - 5 ) allowed six hits and four runs with six strikeouts in 5 1/3 innings for the loss . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . James Jones singled with one out in the sixth and Robinson Cano was hit by a pitch before Kyle Seager walked to load the bases . Jones scored on a wild pitch by Anthony Bass to cut Seattle 's lead to 2 - 1 . Cano scored on a single by Kyle Seager to make it 5 - 2 . Marwin Gonzalez gave the Astros a 1 - 0 lead in the third with his first home run of the season , a one - out shot to the Crawford Boxes in left field . Hernandez 's homer made it 2 - 0 in the fifth inning . John Buck singled with two outs in the fourth for Houston 's first hit , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . John Buck singled with two outs in the fourth for Houston 's first hit , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . John Buck singled with two outs in the fourth , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . John Buck singled with two outs in the fourth for the Astros ' first hit , but he was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . John Buck singled with two outs in the fourth for Houston 's first hit , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . John Buck singled with two outs in the fourth , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . John Buck singled with two outs in the fourth for the Astros ' first hit , but he was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . John Buck singled with two outs in the fourth for Houston 's first hit , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . The Mariners did n't get another hit until Buck singled with two outs in the fourth inning . John Buck singled with two outs in the fourth for the Astros ' first hit , but he was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . John Buck singled with two outs in the fourth for Houston 's only hit . John Buck singled with two outs in the fourth for the Astros ' first hit , but he was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . John Buck singled with two outs in the fourth , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . John Buck singled with two outs in the fourth for the Astros ' first hit , but he was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . John Buck singled with two outs in the fourth for the Astros ' first hit , but he was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . John Buck singled with two outs in the fourth for the Astros ' first hit , but he was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . John Buck singled with two outs in the fourth for Houston 's first hit , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . John Buck singled with two outs in the fourth for the Astros ' first hit , but he was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . John Buck singled with two outs in the fourth for the Astros ' first hit , but he was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . John Buck singled with two outs in the fourth for Houston 's first hit , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . John Buck singled with two outs in the fourth for Houston 's only hit . John Buck singled with two outs in the fourth for Houston 's first hit , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . John Buck singled with two outs in the fourth for Houston 's only hit . John Buck singled with two outs in the fourth for Houston 's first hit , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . The Mariners did n't get another hit until Buck singled with two outs in the fourth inning . He was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . John Buck singled with two outs in the fourth for the Astros ' first hit , but he was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . John Buck singled with two outs in the fourth for the Astros ' first hit , but he was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . John Buck singled with two outs in the fourth for the Astros ' first hit , but he was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . John Buck singled with two outs in the fourth for Houston 's
SEATTLE -- Dustin Ackley is making a strong push to join the team in the All-Star Game . He hit a three - run homer in the fifth inning to give the Seattle Mariners a 5 - 3 victory over the Washington Nationals on Friday night . It was the second time in his career that Ackley has hit three home runs in a game . He also had a two - run double in the eighth inning of Wednesday night 's 5 - 4 win over the New York Mets . Ackley hit a two - run homer off Tanner Roark ( 12 - 9 ) in the fifth inning to give Seattle a 4 - 3 lead . It was Ackley 's fourth homer of the season and second in two games . Hisashi Iwakuma ( 13 - 6 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked none . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 39th save in 44 chances . Tanner Roark ( 12 - 9 ) gave up four runs and 11 hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Bryce Harper 's second home run of the season . Schierholtz led off the third with his 21st home run , and Denard Span followed with a double , but Iwakuma retired the next three batters to end the threat . The Mariners got a run back in the bottom of the third when Brad Miller doubled and scored on Dustin Ackley 's single . The Mariners took a 4 - 3 lead in the fifth . Brad Miller , who had three hits , singled with one out and took second on Austin Jackson 's single . Ackley then hit a 2 - 0 pitch into the left-field seats to give Seattle a 4 - 3 lead . The Mariners added a run in the eighth off Jerry Blevins . James Blevins walked Kendrys Morales , who stole second and third , and scored on Endy Chavez 's double .
CHICAGO -- Carlos Carrasco was n't going to let a one - run lead slip away . Carrasco struck out Avisail Garcia with the bases loaded to end the eighth inning , and the Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Carrasco ( 6 - 4 ) allowed one run and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Cody Allen struck out the side in the ninth for his 18th save in 19 chances . John Danks ( 9 - 9 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Indians took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth when Jose Ramirez led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on Michael Brantley 's groundout . Kipnis then lined a single to left to score Ramirez and put Cleveland ahead 2 - 1 . The Indians added a run in the seventh on Michael Brantley 's RBI single off Ronald Belisario . The White Sox got an unearned run in the eighth on Adam Dunn 's two - out RBI single off Bryan Shaw . Bourn led off the game with a triple and scored on Jose Ramirez 's groundout . Adam Eaton singled with one out in the third , moved to third on a wild pitch and scored on Jose Abreu 's single to center . Adam Eaton singled with one out in the third and scored on Jose Abreu 's single to tie it . The Indians added a run in the seventh on a single by Perez and a single by Michael Brantley .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Madison Bumgarner has been one of the few bright spots for the defending World Series champions . Bumgarner struck out 13 in a one - hitter , leading the San Francisco Giants to a 3 - 0 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Friday night . Bumgarner ( 15 - 9 ) threw a one - hitter for his second shutout of the season . He threw a one - hitter in a 1 - 0 win over the Los Angeles Dodgers on July 28 , 2010 . Bumgarner retired the first 13 batters he faced before giving up a double to Justin Morneau leading off the ninth . He struck out Michael McKenry , Matt McBride and Josh Rutledge to end the game . Posey 's second homer of the game , a two - run shot in the sixth , put the Giants ahead 2 - 0 . Jorge De La Rosa ( 13 - 9 ) gave up two runs and four hits in five - plus innings . He walked two and struck out five . Posey hit a two - run homer off De La Rosa in the sixth to give San Francisco a 2 - 0 lead . It was the first multihomer game of his career and first this season . Posey hit a two - run homer in the eighth off Brooks Brown to make it 3 - 0 . It was his first multihomer game of the season and the 10th of his career . Justin Morneau led off the eighth with a double , but Bumgarner struck out Michael McKenry , Matt McBride and Brandon Barnes to end the inning . San Francisco 's only other hit was a two - out single by Bumgarner in the ninth inning of a 3 - 0 win over the Dodgers on July 26 . Bumgarner struck out Michael McKenry and Matt McBride before fanning Brandon Barnes to end the inning . Bumgarner retired the first two batters in the ninth before Josh Rutledge popped out to end it .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Philadelphia Phillies are going to have to make a run at the playoffs . Carlos Ruiz hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly in the eighth inning and the Phillies beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . The NL East-leading Phillies won for the fourth time in five games . Ken Giles ( 3 - 1 ) tossed a scoreless eighth to earn the win . He struck out the side in the eighth . Ben Revere reached on an error by shortstop Ian Desmond to start the eighth and stole second . Tyler Clippard ( 7 - 3 ) retired Jimmy Rollins on a shallow fly to right , but Revere scored on Ruiz 's fly to right . Ken Giles ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth to earn the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched a perfect ninth for his 33rd save in 35 chances . The Nationals got a run back in the seventh on Wilson Ramos ' RBI single and Kevin Frandsen 's RBI single . Washington starter Gio Gonzalez allowed three runs and six hits in six - plus innings . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth when Grady Sizemore led off with a triple and scored on Freddy Galvis ' two - out homer to right . Ruf made it 3 - 0 in the sixth with a two - out homer to right . The Nationals cut it to 3 - 2 in the seventh on Wilson Ramos ' RBI single and Kevin Frandsen 's RBI single .
TORONTO -- The Boston Red Sox are on a roll . Yoenis Cespedes singled home the go-ahead run in the 10th inning and the Red Sox beat the Toronto Blue Jays 4 - 3 on Tuesday night , snapping a four - game losing streak . The Red Sox have won six of their past seven games at Rogers Centre , including a three - game sweep at Fenway Park last weekend . Koji Uehara ( 6 - 4 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning for the win . Brock Holt singled with one out in the 10th off Aaron Sanchez ( 2 - 1 ) and stole third before Cespedes lined a single to center . Craig Breslow pitched the 10th for his first save . The Blue Jays trailed 3 - 0 before scoring three times in the ninth . Jose Reyes singled , Melky Cabrera singled and Jose Bautista walked to load the bases for Adam Lind , who drove in a run with a fielder 's choice before Edwin Encarnacion tied it with a two - run double off Koji Uehara ( 6 - 4 ) . The Red Sox made it 3 - 0 in the fifth when Betts hit a one - out homer and Pedroia added a two - run shot . Blue Jays starter J. A. Happ gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out eight . Blue Jays left-hander J. A. Happ gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out eight . The Red Sox opened the scoring in the third when Christian Vazquez singled and Brock Holt walked , but Holt was thrown out at home trying to score on Dustin Pedroia 's fly to left . The Red Sox made it 3 - 0 in the fifth when Betts hit a one - out homer and Pedroia added a two - run shot .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The New York Yankees are on their longest winning streak of the season . Jacoby Ellsbury hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning , Jacoby Ellsbury added a two - run shot and the Yankees beat the Kansas City Royals 8 - 1 on Tuesday night . The Yankees , who lead the AL wild-card race , have won six of their last seven games . Michael Pineda ( 3 - 2 ) gave up one run and five hits in 6 1/3 innings , striking out five without a walk . James Shields ( 12 - 7 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . Prado led off the seventh with a home run off Shields , who was making his major league debut . Chase Headley followed with a single , Ichiro Suzuki singled and Jacoby Ellsbury hit an RBI single . Brian McCann added a sacrifice fly off Bruce Chen , making it 6 - 1 . The Yankees scored their first run in the third when Ichiro Suzuki led off with a single and scored on Jeter 's groundout . Drew 's homer in the third inning was the only run allowed by Pineda , who gave up five hits and struck out five without a walk . Drew 's homer put the Yankees up 2 - 1 in the fourth , but the Yankees answered with three runs in the bottom half . Prado led off the inning with a homer to left , and Chase Headley and Zelous Wheeler singled to put runners at the corners with one out . Ellsbury 's single scored Suzuki , and Brian McCann 's sacrifice fly made it 6 - 1 . The Royals loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh on a double by Salvador Perez , a single by Cain and a single by Cain , but Mike Moustakas flied out to right .
DENVER ( AP ) -- The Colorado Rockies finally found a way to win . DJ LeMahieu 's two - run double in the seventh inning lifted the Rockies to a 7 - 4 win over the Miami Marlins on Friday night . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games , including three straight at Coors Field . Christian Bergman ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . LaTroy Hawkins pitched a perfect ninth for his 20th save in 22 chances . Brad Hand ( 2 - 6 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . Arenado 's two - run homer in the first inning was his 21st of the season and second in as many games . The Marlins got two runs back in the second when Adeiny Hechavarria tripled and scored on Jeff Mathis ' double . Christian Yelich added an RBI single to cut Colorado 's lead to 3 - 2 . The Rockies added a run in the fifth on a walk to Charlie Blackmon and a single by Drew Stubbs . Drew Stubbs added an RBI double to make it 5 - 2 . The Marlins scored three runs off Brad Penny in the seventh to make it 5 - 4 . Christian Yelich doubled with one out and scored on Jeff Baker 's double . Giancarlo Stanton followed with an RBI single to make it 5 - 4 , but Nicasio struck out Casey McGehee and got Marcell Ozuna to ground into a fielder 's choice to end the threat . Dickerson led off the bottom of the seventh with a single off Brad Penny and moved to third on McBride 's one - out single . Josh Rutledge walked to load the bases , and LeMahieu hit a double to right to make it 7 - 4 .
NEW YORK -- Brian McCann was n't sure what to expect . McCann hit a three - run homer with two outs in the bottom of the 10th inning to give New York a 7 - 4 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Wednesday night . The White Sox trailed 4 - 3 before Avisail Garcia led off the ninth with a tying homer off David Robertson . Carlos Beltran doubled with two outs off Jake Petricka ( 0 - 3 ) , and Chase Headley was intentionally walked . McCann then lined a 3 - 2 pitch into the right-field seats for his second homer of the season . McCann was mobbed by his teammates after rounding the bases . David Huff ( 4 - 1 ) struck out Jose Abreu with runners at the corners to end the top of the 10th . Avisail Garcia hit a tying homer off David Robertson in the ninth , but the White Sox could n't hold it . The Yankees trailed 3 - 0 before scoring four times in the sixth . Martin Prado reached on a two - base error by left fielder Dayan Viciedo and scored on Mark Teixeira 's double . Carlos Beltran walked and Francisco Cervelli walked to load the bases . Chris Capuano was charged with three runs and six hits in six - plus innings . He struck out five without a walk . Mark Teixeira hit an RBI double in the sixth and Ichiro Suzuki followed with a two - run single to give the Yankees a 4 - 3 lead . Alexei Ramirez hit a leadoff homer in the first for Chicago . The White Sox made it 3 - 0 in the sixth when Jose Abreu singled with one out and scored on Gillaspie 's two - run homer .
PHILADELPHIA -- The St. Louis Cardinals got a big lift from their bullpen . Matt Carpenter hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly in the 12th inning and the Cardinals beat the Philadelphia Phillies 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Cardinals won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to a major league-best 43 - 23 at home . The Phillies trailed 5 - 3 in the eighth when Marlon Byrd hit a two - run single off Randy Choate . Pinch-hitter Daniel Descalso walked to lead off the 12th against Ken Giles ( 2 - 1 ) and advanced to third on Peter Bourjos ' single to right . Carpenter 's fly ball to deep left field scored Descalso . St. Louis closer Trevor Rosenthal pitched a perfect 12th for his 38th save in 41 chances . The Phillies had runners on first and second with no outs in the 12th , but Freddy Galvis popped out to end the inning . Trevor Rosenthal pitched a perfect 12th for his 38th save in 41 chances . The Phillies loaded the bases with no outs in the eighth against Randy Choate , who got pinch-hitter Andres Blanco to ground into a fielder 's choice . Neshek struck out Cody Asche to end the inning . The Cardinals took a 5 - 2 lead in the sixth . A. J. Pierzynski led off with a double off Mario Hollands and scored on a throwing error by third baseman Cody Asche . Jon Jay walked and Justin De Fratus came on to face Matt Holliday , who grounded out to third to end the inning . Jhonny Peralta led off the second with a homer for the Cardinals . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Ruiz 's two - run double .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- Dan Haren did n't have his best stuff . Haren pitched seven innings of three - hit ball to win his fourth straight start , and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the New York Mets 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Haren ( 11 - 10 ) struck out six and walked none while lowering his ERA to 4.44 . The right-hander has allowed three runs or fewer in 11 of his last 12 starts . Jonathon Niese ( 7 - 9 ) gave up five runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings , struck out four and walked three . The right-hander was lifted after giving up a leadoff double to Justin Turner in the fifth . The Dodgers extended their lead to 5 - 1 in the seventh on a two - out , two - run double by Matt Kemp and a two - run double by Matt Kemp . Niese was charged with five runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Dodgers extended their lead to 5 - 1 in the seventh on a two - out throwing error by shortstop Wilmer Flores that allowed Dee Gordon to score from third base . Kemp greeted Carlos Torres with a two - run double off Carlos Torres , making it 5 - 1 . The Dodgers extended their lead to 6 - 1 in the eighth on A. J. Ellis ' RBI double off Dana Eveland . Daniel Murphy and David Wright opened the ninth with consecutive singles off Jamey Wright . Murphy scored on Lucas Duda 's sacrifice fly . Curtis Granderson led off the game with a homer for New York . The Dodgers tied it in the third on a walk to A. J. Ellis , a double by Haren and an RBI single by Dee Gordon . The Dodgers tied it in the fifth on Justin Turner 's double and Haren 's RBI single .
PHILADELPHIA -- Cole Hamels did n't have his best stuff . Hamels allowed three runs and nine hits in five innings to lead the Philadelphia Phillies to a 4 - 3 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Friday night . Hamels ( 7 - 6 ) gave up three runs and nine hits , striking out four . The left-hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts . The Phillies scored four runs in the fourth off James Paxton ( 3 - 1 ) to take a 4 - 3 lead . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his 30th save in 34 chances . Paxton ( 3 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in four innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Kendrys Morales led off with a homer to right . The Phillies tied it in the bottom of the inning . Jimmy Rollins hit a one - out double and scored on Byrd 's two - out single to right . The Mariners took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth . Kyle Seager drew a leadoff walk and Andres Blanco reached on third baseman Andres Blanco 's throwing error . Logan Morrison drove in Seager with a double down the right-field line to make it 3 - 2 . Jesus Sucre followed with a single and Morrison scored on a wild pitch to make it 4 - 3 . The Phillies answered with three runs in the bottom half . Nieves led off with a single and Andres Blanco reached on an error by third baseman Andres Blanco . Nieves scored on a passed ball by Jesus Sucre to cut it to 3 - 2 . Blanco scored on Ben Revere 's groundout to second . Blanco scored on Ben Revere 's groundout to second . Blanco scored on Ben Revere 's groundout to tie it at 3 . Jimmy Rollins singled and advanced to third on a wild pitch before Chris Denorfia grounded out .
WASHINGTON -- Stephen Strasburg has been one of the few bright spots for the NL East leaders . Strasburg allowed three hits over eight innings , and the Washington Nationals beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 8 - 1 on Tuesday night . Strasburg ( 10 - 10 ) struck out four , walked one and threw a pair of wild pitches . David Peralta hit a solo homer in the first inning for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . The Nationals scored six runs in the third off Arizona starter Chase Anderson ( 7 - 5 ) , who gave up six runs and six hits in two - plus innings . Anderson , who had won his previous three starts , has allowed at least six runs in three of his last four starts . David Peralta hit a solo homer in the first inning for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . The Nationals loaded the bases with one out in the second , but Anderson struck out Jose Lobaton and got Stephen Strasburg to line out . The Nationals scored six runs in the third off Chase Anderson ( 7 - 5 ) , who gave up six hits and three walks in two - plus innings . Ian Desmond had three hits and four RBIs for the Nationals , including a two - run single in the sixth that made it 8 - 1 . The Nationals added two runs in the sixth on a single by Desmond , a single by Desmond and a two - run single by Desmond . In the eighth , Strasburg struck out Jake Lamb , Didi Gregorius and Didi Gregorius to end the inning .
DENVER -- Jay Bruce was n't going to let a five - run lead slip away . Bruce hit a three - run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning and the Colorado Rockies rallied to beat the Cincinnati Reds 10 - 9 on Tuesday night . Drew Stubbs had a homer among his three hits and drove in three runs . Nolan Arenado had four hits for the Rockies , including an RBI single in the ninth . J. J. Hoover ( 1 - 9 ) took the loss . Rex Brothers ( 4 - 5 ) got the win despite giving up two runs in the top of the ninth . The Reds took a 5 - 3 lead in the fifth on a two - run single by Zack Cozart and a run-scoring wild pitch by Reds starter Jordan Lyles . Negron made it 6 - 3 in the sixth when he led off the inning with a homer to left . Skip Schumaker followed with a single and pinch-hitter Ryan Ludwick hit a sacrifice fly off Jumbo Diaz to make it 7 - 5 . The Rockies got a run back in the bottom of the inning on Josh Rutledge 's sacrifice fly off Jumbo Diaz . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Corey Dickerson 's RBI double and Nolan Arenado 's RBI single . Blackmon made it 3 - 0 in the second with his fourth homer of the season , a two - out shot to left that made it 3 - 0 . Bruce hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 3 - 2 , but the Reds answered with two runs in the bottom half . Zack Cozart was hit by a pitch to start the inning and Bruce followed with a homer to left .
ARLINGTON , Texas ( AP ) -- The Texas Rangers had a chance to win the game when Adam Rosales was thrown out trying to score on a fly ball . Rosales singled in the winning run in the bottom of the ninth to give the Rangers a 3 - 2 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Wednesday night . The Rangers won for the seventh time in eight games and moved within one game of first-place Detroit in the AL West . Alex Rios led off the ninth with a single against Huston Street ( 1 - 1 ) and went to third on Adrian Beltre 's single before Carp 's tying hit . Neftali Feliz ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . The Angels , who have the worst record in the majors , lost for the seventh time in nine games . The Angels had a 2 - 0 lead in the second when Erick Aybar led off with a single and scored on Efren Navarro 's single . The Angels had the bases loaded with no outs in the fourth , but Nick Tepesch retired Hank Conger on a popup and then got Kole Calhoun to line out to shortstop . The Rangers had the bases loaded in the bottom of the fifth , but Kevin Jepsen struck out Erick Aybar and Geovany Soto to end the inning . The Angels loaded the bases with no outs in the eighth on a walk to Mike Trout , a double by Pujols and an intentional walk to Howie Kendrick . Tolleson then struck out Erick Aybar and Efren Navarro to end the inning . The Angels loaded the bases with no outs in the eighth on a walk to Mike Trout , a double by Pujols and an intentional walk to Howie Kendrick before Neal Cotts struck out Erick Aybar and Efren Navarro . Neal Cotts struck out Efren Navarro to end the inning .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Yasmani Grandal was n't sure if he 'd ever hit a home run . The St. Louis Padres pinch hit one out in the bottom of the first , then hit a pinch-hit homer in the bottom of the inning to lift the St. Louis Cardinals to a 4 - 2 victory over the San Diego Padres on Friday night . The Cardinals won for the eighth time in nine games . Lance Lynn ( 13 - 8 ) gave up one run and six hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Pat Neshek gave up a solo homer to pinch hitter Yasmani Grandal in the ninth before finishing for his fourth save in six chances . Tyson Ross ( 11 - 11 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out two . Matt Carpenter drew a leadoff walk in the first and Kolten Wong followed with a walk . Ross then walked Kolten Wong and Matt Holliday to load the bases before Matt Adams singled in Carpenter . Wong scored on Jhonny Peralta 's groundout for a 2 - 0 lead . The Cardinals added a run in the eighth on a single by A. J. Pierzynski and a wild pitch by Blaine Boyer . Jay reached on an infield hit and advanced to second on a wild pitch before scoring on Oscar Taveras ' pinch-hit single . San Diego 's only run came on Will Venable 's RBI double in the fifth . The Padres had a chance to score in the sixth when Rene Rivera doubled with two outs , but Alexi Amarista grounded out to end the inning . The Cardinals added a run in the eighth off Blaine Boyer on a single by Pierzynski and a single by Jon Jay .
MIAMI ( AP ) -- Trevor Cahill has been one of the best pitchers in the majors . Cahill pitched into the seventh inning to win for the first time in more than a month , and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the Miami Marlins 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cliff Pennington and Aaron Hill hit two - run homers in the first inning for the Diamondbacks , who won for the fourth time in five games . Cahill ( 3 - 8 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . Addison Reed pitched a perfect ninth for his 29th save in 31 chances . Brad Hand ( 2 - 5 ) gave up three runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked two . Pennington hit a solo homer in the first inning and Hill added a two - run shot for a 3 - 0 lead . The Marlins scored two runs in the bottom of the first on singles by Christian Yelich , Donovan Solano and Giancarlo Stanton , and an RBI single by Garrett Jones . The Marlins , who rank last in the majors in runs , have scored three runs or fewer in six of their past seven games . The Marlins loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh , but Matt Stites got Donovan Solano to ground into a fielder 's choice to end the inning . Casey McGehee singled with one out in the eighth off Matt Stites and Jeff Baker walked . Oliver Perez came in and got Saltalamacchia to ground into a double play to end the inning . Casey McGehee singled with one out in the eighth off Matt Stites and Jeff Baker walked . Oliver Perez came in and got Saltalamacchia to ground into a double play to end the inning . Casey McGehee singled with one out in the eighth and Jeff Baker walked before Oliver Perez got Jarrod Saltalamacchia to ground into a double play . The Marlins threatened in the eighth when McGehee singled with one out and Jeff Baker walked . Oliver Perez came in and got Jarrod Saltalamacchia to ground into a double play . The Marlins threatened in the eighth when McGehee singled with one out and Jeff Baker walked . Oliver Perez came in and got Jarrod Saltalamacchia to ground into a double play to end the inning . The Marlins threatened in the eighth when McGehee singled with one out and Jeff Baker walked . Oliver Perez came in and got Saltalamacchia to ground into a double play to end the inning . Casey McGehee singled with one out in the eighth off Matt Stites and Jeff Baker walked . Oliver Perez came in and got Saltalamacchia to ground into a double play to end the inning . Casey McGehee singled with one out in the eighth and Jeff Baker walked before Oliver Perez got Jarrod Saltalamacchia to ground into a double play . The Marlins threatened in the eighth when McGehee singled with one out and Jeff Baker walked . Oliver Perez came in and got Jarrod Saltalamacchia to ground into a double play . The Marlins threatened in the eighth when McGehee singled with one out and Jeff Baker walked . Oliver Perez came in and got Jarrod Saltalamacchia to ground into a double play to end the inning . The Marlins threatened in the eighth when McGehee singled with one out and Jeff Baker walked . Oliver Perez came in and got Saltalamacchia to ground into a double play to end the inning . Casey McGehee singled with one out in the eighth off Matt Stites and Jeff Baker walked . Oliver Perez came in and got Saltalamacchia to ground into a double play to end the inning . The Marlins threatened in the eighth when McGehee singled with one out and Jeff Baker walked . Oliver Perez came in and got Saltalamacchia to ground into a double play to end the inning . Casey McGehee singled with one out in the eighth off Matt Stites and Jeff Baker walked . Oliver Perez came in and got Saltalamacchia to ground into a double play to end the inning . The Marlins threatened in the eighth when McGehee singled with one out and Jeff Baker walked . Oliver Perez came in and got Saltalamacchia to ground into a double play to end the inning . Casey McGehee singled with one out in the eighth off Matt Stites and Jeff Baker walked . Oliver Perez came in and got Saltalamacchia to ground into a double play to end the inning . The Marlins threatened in the eighth when McGehee singled with one out and Jeff Baker walked . Oliver Perez came in and got Saltalamacchia to ground into a double play to end the inning . Casey McGehee singled with one out in the eighth off Matt Stites and Jeff Baker walked . Oliver Perez came in and got Saltalamacchia to ground into a double play to end the inning . The Marlins threatened in the eighth when McGehee singled with one out and Jeff Baker walked . Oliver Perez came in and got Saltalamacchia to ground into a double play to end the inning . Casey McGehee singled with one out in the eighth off Matt Stites and Jeff Baker walked . Oliver Perez came in and got Jarrod Saltalamacchia to ground into a double play to end the inning . The Marlins threatened in the eighth when McGehee singled with one out and Jeff Baker walked . Oliver Perez came in and got Saltalamacchia to ground into a double play to end the inning .
DETROIT -- The Detroit Tigers have been waiting all season long enough to keep their winning streak alive . The Tigers had a season-high 12 hits in an 8 - 4 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . The Tigers have won six of their last seven games . Alex Avila led off the fifth with a homer for Detroit , and Victor Martinez had three hits and three RBIs . Castellanos hit a solo homer in the sixth off Vance Worley ( 5 - 2 ) , who allowed five runs -- three earned -- and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Nick Castellanos hit a two - run homer for the Tigers , who have lost four straight and six of seven . Victor Martinez had three hits and drove in three runs . Blaine Hardy ( 2 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Vance Worley ( 5 - 2 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Victor Martinez singled and scored on Castellanos ' two - out triple . Josh Harrison doubled with one out in the third , moved to third on a groundout and scored on a double by Russell Martin to tie it at 1 . The Pirates made it 4 - 1 in the fourth on Mercer 's RBI triple and Travis Snider 's two - run homer . Avila led off the bottom of the fifth with a homer to make it 4 - 2 . Eugenio Suarez followed with a single and Ezequiel Carrera reached on second baseman Jayson Nix 's fielding error . Jeanmar Gomez replaced Pimentel and gave up a two - run single to Martinez , making it 7 - 4 . Hunter followed with a run-scoring grounder .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres have been waiting for their offense to get back on track . The San Diego Padres beat the Colorado Rockies 5 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight win . The Padres have won six of their last seven games . Ian Kennedy ( 9 - 10 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings , struck out eight and walked two . Joaquin Benoit pitched the ninth for his seventh save in nine chances . Tyler Matzek ( 2 - 8 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in six innings , struck out nine and walked two . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead on Rene Rivera 's RBI single in the first and a two - run homer by Rymer Liriano . The Rockies tied it in the third when DJ LeMahieu singled and scored on Charlie Blackmon 's one - out single to right . Kennedy intentionally walked Justin Morneau to load the bases before Kennedy got Nolan Arenado to line out to end the inning . The Padres went ahead 3 - 1 in the fourth when Chris Nelson singled and scored on Liriano 's first homer of the season . The Rockies tied it in the fifth on a solo homer by DJ LeMahieu and a double by Morneau . Jedd Gyorko doubled leading off the fifth and scored on Yasmani Grandal 's sacrifice fly to give the Padres a 4 - 3 lead . Almonte homered to left on the first pitch he saw in the sixth .
CHICAGO -- Kyle Hendricks did n't have his best stuff , but he did n't need much run support . The right-hander pitched into the eighth inning to win his fourth straight start , and the Chicago Cubs beat the Milwaukee Brewers 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Hendricks ( 4 - 1 ) allowed six hits in 7 1/3 innings , struck out five and walked one . Hector Rondon pitched a perfect ninth for his 15th save in 18 chances . Wily Peralta ( 14 - 7 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Arismendy Alcantara reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch . He scored on Justin Ruggiano 's single to right . Starlin Castro led off the fourth with a double and scored on Arismendy Alcantara 's single to make it 2 - 0 . The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the fifth , but Jean Segura grounded into a double play to end the inning . Rizzo led off the sixth with a drive to left for his 12th of the season and second in two days . The Brewers threatened in the eighth when Mark Reynolds led off with a single and Jean Segura reached on a bunt single . After striking out pinch-hitter Gerardo Parra , Carlos Gomez singled to load the bases . Pedro Strop came in and got Jonathan Lucroy to ground into a double play to end the threat . The Brewers threatened in the eighth when Mark Reynolds led off with a single and Jean Segura reached on a bunt single . Hendricks struck out pinch hitter Gerardo Parra before Carlos Gomez singled to load the bases . Pedro Strop came in and got Jonathan Lucroy to ground into a double play . Hector Rondon worked the ninth for his 15th save in 18 chances .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are on their longest winning streak of the season . Adrian Gonzalez had two hits , including a run-scoring single in the ninth inning , and the Dodgers beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games . Kevin Correia ( 6 - 13 ) gave up one run and four hits in six innings . Julio Teheran ( 10 - 9 ) gave up five runs on nine hits and two walks in 7 1/3 innings . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Emilio Bonifacio led off with a single , moved to second on Ramiro Pena 's sacrifice bunt and scored on Justin Upton 's single . The Dodgers took a 3 - 1 lead in the sixth on Adrian Gonzalez 's RBI single and Justin Turner 's RBI groundout . The Dodgers added three runs in the eighth . Yasiel Puig drew a leadoff walk , took third on Matt Kemp 's double and scored on Crawford 's single off James Russell . The Braves added a run in the ninth on Evan Gattis ' RBI double off Carlos Frias . The Braves have lost five of six . Carlos Frias gave up a leadoff single to Freddie Freeman in the ninth , but struck out Justin Upton , Jason Heyward and Chris Johnson .
HOUSTON -- The Texas Rangers did n't get a hit off him until the ninth inning . Darin Downs pitched two perfect innings and Darin Downs pitched two perfect innings to lead the Rangers to a 6 - 2 win over the Houston Astros on Friday night . The Rangers won for the seventh time in eight games and moved two games over .500 for the first time this season . Nick Martinez ( 2 - 8 ) allowed five hits and two runs in five innings for the win . Dallas Keuchel ( 10 - 8 ) allowed six hits and five runs in six innings for the loss . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning when Robbie Grossman scored on a groundout by Chris Carter . Jose Altuve was hit by a pitch with one out in the third , stole second base and scored on a single by Jason Castro to make it 2 - 0 . Elvis Andrus singled to start the fourth and advanced to third on a wild pitch before scoring on a wild pitch by Keuchel . Robertson scored on a sacrifice fly by Elvis Andrus to make it 4 - 2 . The Rangers loaded the bases with one out in the sixth on a walk to Marwin Gonzalez , a double by Jose Altuve and a walk to Robinson Chirinos . Keuchel got Daniel Robertson to ground into a double play to end the inning . Choo 's homer to the Crawford Boxes in left field made it 6 - 2 in the seventh . Choo 's homer in the seventh off Jose Veras made it 6 - 2 .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Jeremy Hellickson is making the most of his opportunity . Hellickson pitched two - hit ball over seven innings for his first win of the season and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Oakland Athletics 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Hellickson ( 1 - 1 ) struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Kiermaier 's two - run homer in the fourth off Sonny Gray ( 12 - 5 ) put the Rays up 3 - 0 . Evan Longoria added an RBI single later in the inning . Sonny Gray ( 12 - 5 ) gave up seven runs -- six earned -- and 10 hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Yunel Escobar singled and scored on a groundout by Kevin Kiermaier . Tampa Bay added three runs in the fourth on Kiermaier 's two - run homer and Desmond Jennings ' two - run single . Evan Longoria added an RBI single later in the inning . Eric Sogard hit a solo homer in the sixth for the A 's , who lost for the fifth time in six games . Eric Sogard hit a solo homer in the sixth for the A 's , who lost for the fifth time in six games . Sogard hit his first home run of the season in the sixth to make it 7 - 1 . Reddick 's two - run double off Grant Balfour in the ninth . The A 's lost for the fourth time in five games .
NEW YORK -- For the first time in a week , the New York Yankees are on a roll . Brian McCann hit a tiebreaking homer in the seventh inning and New York beat the Detroit Tigers 5 - 1 on Tuesday night for its fifth straight victory . The Yankees won for just the second time in eight games . Brian McCann hit a tiebreaking , two - run homer in the seventh inning , and Chase Headley added a solo shot for New York , which took two of three in the series . Brian McCann hit a two - run homer and Chase Headley added a solo shot for the Yankees , who lost for the fourth time in five games . Adam Warren ( 2 - 5 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Warren struck out J. D. Martinez and got Nick Castellanos to fly out with runners at the corners to end the eighth . The Yankees loaded the bases with one out in the eighth against Blaine Hardy on a single by Brett Gardner , a walk to Miguel Cabrera and an error by shortstop Andrew Romine . Phil Coke came in and got Brian McCann to hit a grounder to shortstop Andrew Romine , who threw to first for the second out . Ellsbury scored on the play , and Ellsbury scored on a throwing error by shortstop Andrew Romine . Chase Headley tied it in the fifth with a solo homer off Justin Verlander ( 10 - 10 ) . Miguel Cabrera 's sacrifice fly in the first inning scored Rajai Davis , who reached on a throwing error by shortstop Derek Jeter . Headley tied it in the fifth with a drive into the second deck in right . Capuano gave up a two - out single to Andrew Romine in the seventh and was replaced by Adam Warren ( 2 - 5 ) , who got Davis to ground out to end the inning .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres have n't had a winning season . Will Venable singled home the winning run with one out in the 12th inning to give the Padres a 3 - 2 win over the Atlanta Braves on Wednesday night . The Padres , who have the worst record in the majors , won for the fourth time in five games . The Padres , who have the worst record in the majors , won for the fourth time in five games . The Braves have lost five of six . Yangervis Solarte drew a leadoff walk from Craig Kimbrel ( 0 - 3 ) to start the 12th and advanced to second on a wild pitch . Jedd Gyorko walked and Chris Nelson walked to load the bases . Tim Stauffer ( 3 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . The Braves loaded the bases with no outs in the 12th against Tim Stauffer ( 3 - 2 ) on singles by Freddie Freeman and Justin Upton and an intentional walk to Jason Heyward . Evan Gattis grounded into a double play , and Chris Johnson grounded out to end the inning . The Braves tied it at 2 in the eighth when Jason Heyward singled off Kevin Quackenbush with one out and advanced to second on a wild pitch . Heyward scored on Chris Johnson 's single to tie it at 2 . Alexi Amarista singled off James Russell leading off the bottom of the inning and advanced to second on a sacrifice bunt by Everth Cabrera . After Yangervis Solarte was intentionally walked , David Carpenter came on and got Seth Smith to pop out to first and then retired Jedd Gyorko on a grounder . Atlanta starter Ervin Santana allowed two runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings , struck out six and walked four . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when B. J. Upton drew a leadoff walk , moved to second on Tommy La Stella 's groundout and scored on a double by Freeman . The Padres loaded the bases with two outs in the second , but Santana struck out Kennedy to end the threat . The Padres threatened in the sixth when Gyorko was hit by a pitch with one out and took third on Medica 's double . But Santana escaped the jam by striking out Alonso .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- The Cleveland Indians have been waiting all season to celebrate . Lonnie Chisenhall and Nick Swisher hit RBI singles in the sixth inning , and the Indians beat the Texas Rangers 2 - 0 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight win . The Indians , who have the best record in the American League , have won six of their last seven games . The Rangers have lost four straight and six of seven . The Rangers loaded the bases with no outs in the sixth on a walk to Elvis Andrus and a single by Alex Rios . Andrus advanced to third on a fielder 's choice by Adrian Beltre and scored on a single by Nick Swisher to make it 2 - 0 . Cody Allen worked the ninth for his 14th save in 15 chances . Mikolas ( 1 - 4 ) gave up two runs and five hits over seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Indians scored twice in the sixth . Jason Kipnis led off with a single and moved to second on Mike Aviles ' sacrifice . Kipnis advanced to third on Michael Brantley 's groundout and scored on Lonnie Chisenhall 's single . Mikolas ( 1 - 4 ) gave up two runs and five hits over seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Rangers loaded the bases with no outs in the sixth on a walk to Elvis Andrus , a single by Alex Rios and a groundout by Adrian Beltre . Andrus advanced to third on J. P. Arencibia 's grounder to third , but Atchison struck out Leonys Martin to end the inning . House struck out seven and walked two in five scoreless innings . The Rangers were shut out for the fourth time this season and have scored three runs or less in 10 of their last 12 games .
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) -- Jeremy Guthrie was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Guthrie pitched three - hit ball for six shutout innings and the Kansas City Royals beat the Oakland Athletics 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Guthrie ( 7 - 9 ) struck out six and walked two . Greg Holland pitched the ninth for his 30th save in 32 chances . Sonny Gray ( 12 - 4 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings , struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Gray struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He retired the first 10 batters he faced before Ibanez homered to right field on the first pitch he saw in the fifth . Gray struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the second time in his last three starts . The A 's have been shut out in three of their last four games . Sam Fuld drew a leadoff walk in the sixth and went to third on Josh Donaldson 's one - out single . But Guthrie struck out Brandon Moss and Jed Lowrie to end the inning . The A 's had runners on first and third with one out in the sixth , but Guthrie struck out Brandon Moss and Jed Lowrie to end the inning . The A 's loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh on a single by Josh Reddick , a walk to Eric Sogard and a single by Josh Reddick . But Kelvin Herrera struck out Sam Fuld to end the threat . The A 's were shut out for the fifth time this season and have been shut out in consecutive games for the first time this season .
CLEVELAND -- The Cleveland Indians have been waiting all season to win . David Murphy had four hits and drove in three runs , David Murphy had four hits and drove in three runs , and the Indians beat the Texas Rangers 12 - 2 on Wednesday night . The Indians , who have the worst record in the American League , have won six of their last seven games . Danny Salazar ( 4 - 4 ) allowed an unearned run and four hits over six innings for his first win since May 26 . Jerome Williams ( 2 - 5 ) gave up 10 runs in four innings . The Rangers have lost four straight and six of seven . The Indians broke the game open in the fifth . Yan Gomes hit an RBI single and Murphy followed with a two - run double off reliever Nate Adcock . Williams ( 2 - 5 ) gave up 10 runs and 13 hits in four - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . Michael Brantley had three hits and drove in three runs for Cleveland , which has won four of five . The Indians took a 3 - 0 lead in the third . Mike Aviles drew a leadoff walk , took second on Michael Brantley 's single and scored on Carlos Santana 's single . Brantley came home when Lonnie Chisenhall grounded into a double play . The Indians made it 5 - 0 in the fourth on an RBI single by Mike Aviles and a run-scoring single by Brantley . The Rangers got an unearned run in the fifth on a double by Robinson Chirinos and an RBI groundout by Rougned Odor .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Atlanta Braves have been waiting all season to win the NL East . Freddy Galvis scored the go-ahead run on Ben Revere 's double-play grounder in the eighth inning , and the Braves beat the Philadelphia Phillies 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . The Braves won for the fourth time in five games and remained two games behind first-place Philadelphia in the NL East . The Phillies beat the Mets 4 - 3 in 10 innings . The Phillies lost for the fourth time in five games . Freddy Galvis led off the eighth with a single off David Carpenter and went to third on Grady Sizemore 's single to right . Galvis scored when Ben Revere grounded into a double play . Craig Kimbrel struck out the side in the ninth for his major league-leading 47th save in 48 chances . Hamels ( 9 - 9 ) gave up two runs and three hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Phillies have lost four straight and six of seven . Bonifacio led off the game with a homer to left . Phil Gosselin walked , stole second and scored on Freddie Freeman 's single to left . Hamels escaped further trouble by striking out Ryan Doumit and getting Joey Terdoslavich to ground into a fielder 's choice . The Phillies loaded the bases with two outs in the bottom of the first , but Marlon Byrd grounded out to end the inning . The Phillies threatened in the sixth when Hamels led off with a single and advanced to third on Carlos Ruiz 's groundout . Chase Utley was hit by a pitch , but Howard struck out .
DETROIT ( AP ) -- Eduardo Escobar had a big night at the plate . Escobar had four hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in six runs to lead the Minnesota Twins to a 12 - 3 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Escobar had been 0 - for - 12 in his previous four games . Brian Dozier added a two - run homer in the eighth , and Chris Herrmann had three hits for the Twins . Ricky Nolasco ( 6 - 12 ) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . Kyle Lobstein ( 1 - 2 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Tigers have lost four of five . Tigers center fielder Rajai Davis left the game in the second inning with a strained left hamstring . He was replaced by Rajai Davis , who was replaced by Rajai Davis . Escobar and Chris Herrmann singled to start the fifth , and Danny Santana singled to load the bases . Brian Dozier singled in Escobar , and Mauer drove in a run with a groundout . Mauer drove in a run with a groundout , and Eduardo Escobar added a two - run single to make it 6 - 1 . The Twins added two runs in the seventh against Blaine Hardy . Escobar 's RBI single made it 7 - 2 , and Chris Herrmann added an RBI single to make it 8 - 2 . Dozier led off the eighth with a homer off Robbie Ray , and Escobar added a three - run shot .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Philadelphia Phillies are in a pennant race . Marlon Byrd drove in the go-ahead run with a seventh-inning groundout and the Phillies rallied to beat the Atlanta Braves 5 - 4 on Wednesday night . The Phillies remained a half-game ahead of Atlanta in the NL wild-card race . The Phillies scored four runs in the sixth to tie it at 4 . Cody Asche hit an RBI double and scored on a wild pitch by Chasen Shreve to tie it at 4 . Carlos Ruiz walked to lead off the bottom of the inning against Jordan Walden ( 0 - 2 ) . Ruiz advanced to third on Ryan Howard 's double and scored on a groundout by Marlon Byrd . Freddie Freeman led off the eighth with a single off Ken Giles to make it 5 - 4 . But Giles struck out Justin Upton and got Christian Bethancourt to foul out to catcher Christian Bethancourt to end the inning . Chris Johnson hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Ervin Santana allowed four runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . The Braves jumped ahead 2 - 0 in the first on Freddie Freeman 's RBI groundout and Justin Upton 's RBI single . The Phillies made it 4 - 0 in the fifth when Jason Heyward doubled and scored on Johnson 's two - run homer to right . Atlanta cut it to 4 - 1 in the fifth when Cody Asche scored on a fielder 's choice by Ben Revere . The Phillies tied it in the sixth on Asche 's RBI double and Freddy Galvis ' RBI single . Santana allowed four runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings .
DETROIT -- Max Scherzer was n't going to let the game get away . Scherzer struck out nine in six innings , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Minnesota Twins 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Scherzer ( 18 - 5 ) allowed two runs and five hits , walking four and striking out nine . He retired the first 10 batters he faced before Danny Santana and Brian Dozier singled with two outs in the fifth . Joe Mauer followed with a two - run double to the gap in left-center , but Scherzer was able to get out of the inning when Oswaldo Arcia flied out to end the inning . Scherzer ( 18 - 5 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings , walking four and striking out nine . Joe Nathan pitched a perfect ninth for his 34th save in 38 chances . Trevor May ( 3 - 6 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Martinez 's two - run homer in the first inning gave the Tigers a 2 - 0 lead . Cabrera led off the fourth with a homer to make it 3 - 0 . The Tigers made it 4 - 2 in the seventh against Ryan Pressly . Alex Avila led off with a single and moved to second on Suarez 's sacrifice bunt . Rajai Davis followed with an RBI double to make it 4 - 2 . The Twins made it 4 - 2 in the fifth on a two - out , two - run double by Joe Mauer , but Scherzer escaped further trouble by getting Oswaldo Arcia to fly out . Alex Avila singled off Ryan Pressly to start the bottom of the seventh and advanced to second on Eugenio Suarez 's sacrifice bunt . Rajai Davis followed with a double to the gap in left-center , scoring Avila . Joba Chamberlain pitched a scoreless eighth for Detroit .
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) -- Hector Santiago was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Santiago pitched a perfect ninth for his 41st save , Josh Reddick had a two - run double and the Los Angeles Angels held on to beat the Oakland Athletics 5 - 4 on Wednesday night . Santiago ( 6 - 9 ) allowed three hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out three and walked two . Huston Street pitched a perfect ninth for his 41st save in 44 chances . Jon Lester ( 16 - 11 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time in five starts . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Howie Kendrick 's RBI single . Kole Calhoun singled with one out in the third and scored on Kendrick 's double . The Angels added a run in the fifth when Jimenez led off with a double and scored on Pujols ' sacrifice fly . The Angels added a run in the fifth when Jimenez doubled and scored on Pujols ' sacrifice fly . The Angels added an unearned run in the seventh when Gordon Beckham singled , took third on a single by Collin Cowgill and scored on a throwing error by third baseman Josh Donaldson . The A 's scored three times off Mike Morin in the seventh to make it 5 - 4 . Derek Norris singled to start the inning and advanced to third on Jed Lowrie 's one - out single . A 's manager Bob Geren was ejected by plate umpire Bill Miller for arguing a called third strike to end the inning .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- Yordano Ventura was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Ventura pitched into the seventh inning and the Kansas City Royals beat the Cleveland Indians 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Ventura ( 14 - 10 ) allowed four hits and four walks in seven innings , striking out six . Alex Gordon hit a two - run double off Scott Atchison in the seventh , and Omar Infante drove in two runs for the Royals , who won for the fifth time in six games . Michael Brantley led off the eighth with a double off Scott Downs and Carlos Santana reached on third baseman Mike Moustakas ' throwing error . Shuck scored when David Murphy grounded into a double play . Salvador Perez hit a two - run double off Danny Salazar ( 6 - 8 ) in the fifth to put Kansas City ahead 5 - 0 . The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Billy Butler drew a leadoff walk and moved to second on Alex Gordon 's single . Infante doubled down the right-field line to make it 2 - 0 . The Royals made it 5 - 0 in the fifth . Eric Hosmer doubled with two outs and scored on Butler 's double . Alex Gordon was walked intentionally to bring up Perez , who hit a two - run double to make it 5 - 0 . Gordon 's double off Scott Atchison made it 7 - 0 in the seventh . The Indians loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh , but Ventura struck out Jose Ramirez to end the inning . Michael Brantley led off the Indians eighth with a double off Scott Downs and Carlos Santana reached on third baseman Mike Moustakas ' fielding error . Shuck scored when David Murphy grounded into a double play . Salazar gave up five runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings .
TORONTO -- Edwin Encarnacion was n't sure what to expect . Encarnacion hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs to lead the Toronto Blue Jays to a 10 - 2 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . Encarnacion , who leads the majors with a .272 batting average , went 2 - for - 3 with a walk and four RBIs . Hernandez ( 14 - 6 ) allowed eight runs , four earned , and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out five . He was replaced by Dominic Leone after giving up a double to Anthony Gose and a walk to Jose Bautista . R. A. Dickey ( 14 - 12 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He walked two and struck out six . Felix Hernandez ( 14 - 6 ) allowed eight runs , four earned , and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out five . The Blue Jays broke it open with a five - run fifth . Pompey started the rally with a leadoff drive to right , his 16th . Anthony Gose followed with a double and Josh Thole reached on Hernandez 's throwing error . Ramirez then hit Munenori Kawasaki with a pitch to load the bases , but Ramirez struck out Dalton Pompey and got Anthony Gose to ground out . The Blue Jays opened the scoring in the first when Jose Bautista doubled and scored on Edwin Encarnacion 's single . The Mariners reclaimed the lead in the third . Michael Saunders led off with a double , took third on a single by Brad Miller and scored on Edwin Encarnacion 's single . The Blue Jays opened the scoring in the first when Bautista doubled and scored on Edwin Encarnacion 's single .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- The Minnesota Twins have been in first place in the AL Central since the All-Star break . Now they 're in a pennant race . Brian Duensing got Miguel Montero to ground out with the bases loaded in the eighth inning , and the Twins beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 6 - 3 on Friday night for their fifth straight victory . The Twins have won six of their last seven games . Gibson ( 13 - 11 ) gave up one run on seven hits with eight strikeouts and no walks in seven innings . The Diamondbacks scored an unearned run off reliever Jared Burton in the ninth . Andrew Chafin ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits with five strikeouts in three innings for the loss . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . The Twins took a 3 - 0 lead in the second inning . Josmil Pinto drew a leadoff walk , Aaron Hicks singled and Eduardo Escobar singled in a run before Parmelee lined a two - run single up the middle . The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 3 - 1 in the fourth on Chris Owings ' two - out RBI single . The Twins made it 5 - 1 in the fifth when Trevor Plouffe scored on Josmil Pinto 's double-play grounder . The Twins added a run in the seventh when Chris Parmelee was hit by a pitch from reliever Zeke Spruill and took second on Plouffe 's single . Parmelee scored on Josmil Pinto 's sacrifice fly to make it 6 - 1 . Brian Duensing got Miguel Montero to ground out to end the eighth , and Brian Duensing got Miguel Montero to ground out to end the inning .
MIAMI -- Henderson Alvarez was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Alvarez allowed five hits in 7 2/3 innings , and the Miami Marlins beat the Philadelphia Phillies 2 - 0 on Friday night . Alvarez ( 12 - 6 ) struck out two , walked one and lowered his ERA to 2.70 . Steve Cishek pitched the ninth for his 38th save in 41 chances . Cole Hamels ( 9 - 8 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Phillies , who have the worst record in the majors , lost for only the fourth time in their past 17 games . Hamels , who had won his past three starts , gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Marlins scored their first run in the fourth when Jeff Baker singled , took second on a single by Jarrod Saltalamacchia and scored on a single by Ed Lucas . Christian Yelich led off the fifth with a double and advanced to third on a sacrifice by Donovan Solano . Yelich scored on McGehee 's fly to center . The Phillies threatened in the second when Cody Asche singled with two outs and advanced to third on a single by Freddy Galvis . But Hamels struck out to end the inning . The Phillies threatened in the eighth when Marlon Byrd led off with a single and went to second on Chase Utley 's single off Mike Dunn . But Dunn struck out pinch-hitter Darin Ruf to end the inning . Marlon Byrd led off the ninth with a single and Domonic Brown singled to put runners at first and second with no outs . But Cishek got Cody Asche to fly out and pinch-hitter Darin Ruf to strike out to end the game .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago Cubs are on their longest winning streak of the season . Welington Castillo singled home the winning run in the 10th inning and the Cubs beat the St. Louis Cardinals 4 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Cubs won for the 10th time in 12 games and maintained a two - game lead over St. Louis in the NL Central . The Cardinals remained a half-game ahead of St. Louis in the NL wild-card race . Rizzo doubled with one out in the 10th off Pat Neshek ( 7 - 2 ) and advanced to third on Jorge Soler 's grounder to third . Castillo then lined a single to right to score Rizzo . Zac Rosscup ( 1 - 0 ) struck out two in a perfect 10th for the win . Matt Holliday hit a tying two - run homer in the sixth for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Castillo hit a two - run homer in the second off Shelby Miller , who allowed three runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Matt Szczur and Matt Szczur hit solo homers for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . The Cardinals scored three times in the sixth to take a 3 - 0 lead . Oscar Taveras led off with a single and Matt Carpenter reached on an infield single to third . Jon Jay 's groundout scored Taveras , and Holliday followed with a two - run homer to tie it at 3 . Hendricks allowed three runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . Miller gave up three runs and five hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- The New York Mets are on their longest winning streak of the season . Anthony Recker drove in three runs with three hits , including a sacrifice fly in the ninth inning , and the Mets beat the Atlanta Braves 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Mets won for only the second time in their last 10 road games . deGrom ( 9 - 6 ) gave up three hits and two runs , one earned , in six innings . He walked three and struck out 10 . Ervin Santana ( 14 - 10 ) gave up six hits and five runs with two walks and four strikeouts in five innings . Lucas Duda had three hits and Curtis Granderson scored three runs for New York . The Braves scored two unearned runs in the fifth . Justin Upton led off the inning with a single to right and advanced to second on catcher Christian Bethancourt 's throwing error . Chris Johnson singled and scored on Andrelton Simmons ' grounder to shortstop Ruben Tejada , who threw wildly to the plate for an error . Luis Avilan replaced Jaime and gave up a two - run double to Anthony Recker . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Matt den Dekker led off with a double and scored on Daniel Murphy 's groundout . Curtis Granderson singled and scored on Tejada 's sacrifice fly in the second to make it 2 - 0 . New York added three runs in the fourth . Curtis Granderson scored on catcher Christian Bethancourt 's passed ball and Recker hit a sacrifice fly before Tejada 's homer .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- The Toronto Blue Jays finally got their offense going . Danny Valencia hit a go-ahead , two - run double in the sixth inning and the Blue Jays rallied for a 6 - 3 victory over the New York Yankees on Tuesday night . The Blue Jays won for just the second time in eight games . Marcus Stroman ( 11 - 6 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in six innings , striking out seven without a walk . Derek Jeter hit an RBI double off Brandon Morrow in the ninth , and Casey Janssen got two outs for his 24th save in 28 chances . Chris Capuano ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out two . The Blue Jays scored three times in the sixth to take a 4 - 2 lead . Jose Bautista drew a leadoff walk and went to third when second baseman Stephen Drew bobbled Edwin Encarnacion 's single for an error . Dioner Navarro walked to load the bases with no outs . Esmil Rogers relieved Whitley and got Ichiro Suzuki to ground into a fielder 's choice . The Yankees loaded the bases with one out in the eighth , but Aaron Sanchez struck out Stephen Drew and got Ichiro Suzuki to ground into a fielder 's choice . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Edwin Encarnacion 's RBI double . Jeter singled with two outs in the third , advanced on a wild pitch and scored on Brian McCann 's single . Francisco Cervelli hit an RBI single in the fourth for New York .
HOUSTON -- The Seattle Mariners had a lot to do with it . Mike Zunino hit a three - run homer in Seattle 's eight - run fourth inning and the Mariners beat the Houston Astros 10 - 5 on Wednesday night . The Mariners have won four of their last five games . Walker ( 2 - 2 ) allowed eight hits and two runs with seven strikeouts in 5 2/3 innings . Brad Peacock ( 4 - 9 ) gave up seven runs -- two earned -- and six hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out two . Logan Morrison reached on an error by first baseman Chris Carter to start the fourth inning before Michael Saunders reached on first baseman Chris Carter 's fielding error . Zunino then drove a 2 - 1 pitch from Jake Buchanan into the seats in right field to make it 4 - 1 . Dexter Fowler added an RBI single in the fifth to make it 8 - 2 . Jonathan Villar added an RBI single in the sixth off Brandon Maurer to cut the lead to 8 - 3 . The Astros scored twice in the eighth off Yoervis Medina on an RBI groundout by Jake Marisnick and an RBI single by Jonathan Villar . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jose Altuve doubled with one out and scored on Dexter Fowler 's two - out single . Ackley tied it in the third with a two - out homer to left . The Astros loaded the bases with no outs in the third , but Walker struck out Jason Castro and got Matt Dominguez to fly out .
MIAMI -- Gio Gonzalez has been one of the best pitchers in the majors . Gonzalez pitched seven innings , and the Washington Nationals scored five runs in the fourth inning to beat the Miami Marlins 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Gonzalez ( 9 - 10 ) allowed two runs and six hits . He struck out five and walked none . The Nationals scored five runs in the fourth inning , including run-scoring singles by Ian Desmond , Ian Desmond and Kevin Frandsen , and a two - run single by Kevin Frandsen . The Marlins , who have the worst record in the majors , lost for the fourth time in five games . Brad Hand ( 3 - 8 ) gave up six runs , five earned , and eight hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked none . The Nationals scored four runs in the fourth . Ramos doubled home a run , Ian Desmond singled home a run and Ian Desmond singled in a run . Ian Desmond 's RBI single made it 6 - 1 in the fifth , and Jayson Werth 's RBI single made it 6 - 1 in the fifth . Jeff Baker 's RBI single made it 6 - 2 in the sixth . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Jeff Baker led off with a single and scored on a double by Reed Johnson . The Marlins went 1 for 9 with runners in scoring position . The Nationals went 1 for 11 with runners in scoring position . They went 1 for 11 with runners in scoring position . The Nationals went 1 for 11 with runners in scoring position .
PITTSBURGH -- Gerrit Cole was n't about to let the game get away . Cole struck out seven in seven strong innings to lead the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 3 - 2 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night . Cole ( 10 - 5 ) gave up two runs and six hits , improving to 5 - 0 in his last seven starts . Mark Melancon worked around a pair of singles in the ninth for his 30th save in 32 opportunities . Brandon Workman ( 1 - 10 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out six . The Red Sox have lost four of five . Workman was coming off one of his worst outings of the season , when he gave up six runs and eight hits in five innings against the New York Yankees . The Pirates scored in the first when Josh Harrison singled , Travis Snider walked and Andrew McCutchen reached on third baseman Will Middlebrooks ' throwing error . Workman struck out Neil Walker , but Starling Marte singled to load the bases . Mookie Betts singled to score Vazquez , and Xander Bogaerts hit a sacrifice fly to tie it at 1 . The Pirates went ahead in the fourth on singles by Ike Davis and Jordy Mercer and a run-scoring single by Chris Stewart . Marte hit a solo homer in the fifth to make it 3 - 1 . The Red Sox cut it to 3 - 2 in the eighth when Christian Vazquez singled , took third on a single by Garin Cecchini and scored on a sacrifice fly by Bogaerts .
CHICAGO -- Kyle Hendricks is n't going to let a lot of things happen . Hendricks pitched seven strong innings , and the Chicago Cubs beat the Cincinnati Reds 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Hendricks ( 7 - 2 ) allowed one run and seven hits , struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the second straight start . Hector Rondon worked the ninth for his 25th save in 29 chances . Daniel Corcino ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and three hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked four . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . Corcino walked Jorge Soler and Luis Valbuena singled to start the second . Chris Valaika drove in Soler with a one - out single , and Ryan Kalish followed with an RBI double to put the Cubs up 2 - 1 . The Cubs added a run in the eighth off Jumbo Diaz . Javier Baez led off with a single and Anthony Rizzo reached on a fielder 's choice . Negron moved to third on Ramon Santiago 's sacrifice bunt and scored on Yorman Rodriguez 's groundout to shortstop . The Cubs got two runs back in the bottom of the inning on RBI singles by Valaika and Ryan Kalish . The Reds had runners on second and third with one out in the sixth , but Hendricks got Ryan Ludwick and Donald Lutz to pop out to end the threat . The Cubs added a run in the eighth off Jumbo Diaz on Valbuena 's RBI single .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Lorenzo Cain had a big night at the plate . Cain hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs to lead the Kansas City Royals to a 6 - 2 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Cain 's three - run homer in the third inning off Sale ( 12 - 4 ) was the first home run allowed by Sale ( 12 - 4 ) since the All-Star break , and he also gave up five runs on nine hits and two walks in five - plus innings . Cain had three hits and drove in three runs . Yordano Ventura ( 13 - 10 ) gave up one run and three hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking two . Chris Sale ( 12 - 4 ) gave up five runs on nine hits and two walks in five innings . He struck out six . The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . The White Sox scored a run in the third on Adam Eaton 's sacrifice fly , but Ventura struck out Alexei Ramirez and Jose Abreu with runners on second and third to end the inning . Cain 's three - run homer highlighted a four - run third inning that gave the Royals a 4 - 1 lead . Escobar hit a solo shot in the fourth for his first home run of the season . The Royals added an unearned run off Maikel Cleto in the seventh . Tyler Flowers doubled and scored on Ramirez 's single to make it 6 - 2 .
PITTSBURGH -- Francisco Liriano is making a habit of staying in the National League playoff race . Liriano won for the first time in more than a month and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Boston Red Sox 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Liriano ( 6 - 10 ) gave up one run and three hits in six innings , walking five and striking out two . Ike Davis hit a three - run homer in the fifth for the Pirates , who have won four of five . Clay Buchholz ( 8 - 9 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and six hits in four - plus innings . He walked one and struck out three . Gregory Polanco hit a solo homer in the first inning for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Barmes had a two - run double in the second and scored on Josh Harrison 's single to make it 4 - 0 . Walker led off the third with his fourth home run of the season . Pinch hitter Bryce Brentz led off the fifth with a pinch-hit double and scored on a groundout by Xander Bogaerts to make it 5 - 1 . The Pirates scored four runs in the fifth off Steven Wright . Christian Vazquez singled with one out and took second on a single by Daniel Nava . Wilson then struck out Mookie Betts and got Bogaerts to fly out to center to end the threat . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth but Jeanmar Gomez struck out Daniel Nava to end the threat .
SAN DIEGO -- Andrew Cashner did n't have his best stuff . Cashner pitched a two - hitter for his second shutout of the season and the San Diego Padres beat the Philadelphia Phillies 1 - 0 on Wednesday night . Cashner ( 4 - 7 ) struck out seven and walked one in his fourth career complete game and second shutout . He threw a two - hitter for his second shutout of the season and lowered his ERA to 2.20 . Padres manager Bud Black was impressed with Cashner 's performance . Cashner , who had been 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in his last four starts , retired the first 11 batters before Grady Sizemore lined a single to right with two outs in the ninth . The Padres got an unearned run in the second when Rene Rivera scored on a throwing error by third baseman Cody Asche . Jerome Williams ( 5 - 7 ) allowed an unearned run and three hits in 7 2/3 innings , struck out six and walked two . The Phillies have lost three straight and six of seven . The Padres scored an unearned run in the second . Rene Rivera led off with a double and Will Venable walked with two outs . Cashner then hit a grounder to third baseman Cody Asche , who threw wildly to the plate for an error that allowed Rivera to score . The Padres loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth on a walk to Will Venable , a single by Yangervis Solarte and a walk to Smith . Luis Garcia came in and walked Jedd Gyorko to load the bases before Luis Garcia came on and got Yasmani Grandal to ground out . The Padres loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth on a walk to Will Venable , a single by Yangervis Solarte and a walk to Smith . Luis Garcia came in and walked Jedd Gyorko to load the bases before Luis Garcia came on and got Yasmani Grandal to ground out to first . The Phillies have lost five of six .
NEW YORK -- The Miami Marlins are on a roll . Adeiny Hechavarria hit a tying two - run single in the eighth inning and the Marlins rallied from a three - run deficit to beat the New York Mets 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Marlins won for the 10th time in 12 games and remained two games behind first-place Philadelphia in the NL East . Sam Dyson ( 3 - 1 ) got the last out of the seventh for the win . Steve Cishek pitched a perfect ninth for his 36th save in 41 chances . The Mets took a 5 - 3 lead in the seventh . Eric Campbell reached on an error by third baseman Casey McGehee to start the inning and scored on Daniel Murphy 's two - out single . Jeff Mathis sacrificed Valdespin to third , and Reed Johnson 's sacrifice fly put the Marlins ahead 3 - 2 . Miami starter Jarred Cosart struck out five and allowed two runs and five hits in six innings . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Wilmer Flores hit a two - run double off Jarred Cosart . The Marlins tied it in the seventh on pinch-hitter Reed Johnson 's sacrifice fly . Flores put the Mets ahead with a two - run double in the first .
PHOENIX -- Mark Trumbo 's first career grand slam was a big one . Trumbo hit a grand slam and drove in five runs , leading the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 6 - 2 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night . Trumbo 's grand slam in the third inning off Ryan Vogelsong ( 8 - 11 ) gave Arizona a 4 - 0 lead . It was his first grand slam since Sept. 22 , 2007 , at Colorado . Trumbo has hit safely in 10 of his last 12 games and has hit safely in 10 of his last 12 games . Trumbo 's grand slam came in the third inning off Vogelsong ( 8 - 11 ) . Miley ( 8 - 11 ) gave up one run and seven hits in seven innings , striking out four and walking none . Ryan Vogelsong ( 8 - 11 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . Joaquin Arias and Gregor Blanco led off the seventh with consecutive doubles to put runners at second and third with no outs . Pinch-hitter Matt Duffy lined out to second baseman Juan Perez to end the inning . The Diamondbacks added two runs in the seventh off reliever Juan Gutierrez . Joe Panik led off with a double and scored on Buster Posey 's single . Evan Marshall relieved Paterson and gave up a single to Sandoval before striking out pinch hitter Travis Ishikawa and getting Gregor Blanco to ground into a fielder 's choice . Brandon Crawford led off the ninth with a single off Eury De La Rosa , but Andrew Susac struck out and Panik flied out to end the inning .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Jeremy Guthrie was n't going to let the game get away from him . The Kansas City right-hander pitched eight strong innings and the Kansas City Royals beat the Boston Red Sox 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Guthrie ( 11 - 11 ) gave up one unearned run and three hits , striking out two and walking one . Brandon Finnegan worked the ninth to complete the four - hitter . The Red Sox have lost four of five . Rubby De La Rosa ( 4 - 7 ) was charged with five runs and six hits in four - plus innings . The Royals scored two runs in the first inning on Nori Aoki 's RBI single and Alex Gordon 's RBI single . The Red Sox cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the third on a sacrifice fly by Yoenis Cespedes . Lorenzo Cain led off the Royals ' fourth with a double , moved to third on Gordon 's single and scored on Salvador Perez 's double . De La Rosa then struck out Eric Hosmer before Omar Infante drove in a run with a groundout . De La Rosa was charged with five runs and six hits in four - plus innings . The Royals added two runs in the eighth on Alex Gordon 's RBI double and Omar Infante 's run-scoring single off Matt Barnes . Alex Gordon had an RBI double in the eighth off Matt Barnes and Omar Infante added an RBI single .
PHILADELPHIA -- Francisco Liriano is making a strong case to stay in the National League . Liriano struck out a career-high 12 in eight shutout innings , and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Philadelphia Phillies 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Liriano ( 5 - 10 ) allowed four hits and walked two . Mark Melancon tossed a scoreless ninth for his 29th save in 31 chances . Mark Melancon got three outs for his 29th save in 31 chances . A. J. Burnett ( 8 - 16 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Russell Martin singled with one out and Starling Marte was hit by a pitch . Davis followed with an RBI single to right to give the Pirates a 1 - 0 lead . The Pirates tacked on two more in the sixth . Travis Snider led off with a single , Andrew McCutchen doubled and Neil Walker hit an RBI double . Russell Martin followed with a sacrifice fly and Gregory Polanco 's RBI single made it 4 - 0 . Burnett had n't allowed more than three earned runs in any of his previous five starts . The Phillies have lost five of six . The Phillies threatened in the sixth when Ben Revere singled with one out and Maikel Franco walked . But Liriano got Marlon Byrd to pop out and struck out pinch-hitter Cody Asche to end the threat . The Phillies have lost five of six .
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- The Houston Astros are making a push for home-field advantage in the playoffs . Jonathan Villar 's two - out RBI single in the ninth inning lifted the Astros to a 2 - 1 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Friday night . The Astros won for the 10th time in 12 games and maintained their magic number for clinching their fourth straight division title . McHugh ( 9 - 9 ) gave up one run and two hits in eight innings . He struck out four and walked none . Josh Fields pitched the ninth for his fourth save in six chances . McHugh 's bid for his first career complete game was a one - out homer in the eighth inning that tied the game at 1 . Seattle starter Roenis Elias gave up one run and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . Logan Morrison tied it at 1 in the eighth with a solo homer off Seattle starter Roenis Elias . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Jake Marisnick reached on a fielder 's choice and scored on Jon Singleton 's double . The Mariners threatened in the fourth when Austin Jackson led off with a single , but Endy Chavez grounded into a double play . The Mariners threatened in the fifth when Kendrys Morales reached on an error by second baseman Jose Altuve , but McHugh struck out Mike Zunino to end the inning . McHugh struck out the side in the seventh .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Philadelphia Phillies are on a roll . Maikel Franco singled home the go-ahead run in the seventh inning and the Phillies beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 4 - 3 on Sunday to complete a three - game sweep . The NL East-leading Phillies won for the seventh time in eight games and moved within one game of first-place Atlanta in the NL East . The Phillies won for the seventh time in eight games and moved within one game of the first-place New York Mets in the NL East . The Pirates have lost four of five . Galvis led off the bottom of the seventh with a single off Justin Wilson ( 3 - 4 ) and stole second . He struck out pinch hitter Cesar Hernandez and Ben Revere , but Franco lined a single to left to score Galvis . Jonathan Papelbon pitched a scoreless ninth for his 36th save in 38 tries . Justin De Fratus ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his 36th save in 38 tries . Philadelphia 's David Buchanan gave up three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . Pirates starter Edinson Volquez gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Maikel Franco hit a one - out double and scored on Chase Utley 's single to right . The Pirates tied it in the second when Gregory Polanco drew a two - out walk and scored on Jordy Mercer 's double to right . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the second when Galvis doubled and scored on Buchanan 's single to left . The Pirates took a 3 - 2 lead in the third on Martin 's two - run double . Galvis led off the fifth with a homer to left to tie it at 3 .
SEATTLE -- Brad Miller was n't going to let the game get away from him . Miller hit a go-ahead , two - run triple in the eighth inning and the Seattle Mariners beat the Houston Astros 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Miller has been one of the few bright spots this season , going 0 - for - 4 with a double and two RBIs . The Astros scored in the seventh when Robbie Grossman hit a one - out triple and scored on Jose Altuve 's sacrifice fly off Brandon Maurer . Kevin Chapman worked 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief for Seattle . Mike Foltynewicz ( 0 - 1 ) walked Mike Zunino with one out in the eighth before walking Michael Saunders . Danny Farquhar ( 3 - 1 ) pitched the eighth for the win . Brad Miller drove in three runs for Seattle with a single in the sixth off Jorge De Leon . Hernandez allowed five hits and struck out eight in six scoreless innings . Houston starter Brad Peacock gave up four hits and struck out six in five scoreless innings . Brad Miller had a two - out RBI single in the sixth off Jorge De Leon to give the Mariners a 1 - 0 lead . The Astros had runners on first and second with two outs in the sixth , but Hernandez got Matt Dominguez to ground out to end the threat . The Astros had runners on first and second with two outs in the sixth , but Hernandez escaped by getting Matt Dominguez to ground out .
CHICAGO -- Gerrit Cole did n't have his best stuff . Cole hit a two - run homer during a seven - run second inning and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Chicago Cubs 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . Cole ( 8 - 5 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Jordy Mercer and Andrew McCutchen hit two - run homers in Pittsburgh 's five - run second inning , and Andrew McCutchen and Neil Walker also connected for the Pirates . Travis Wood ( 8 - 12 ) lasted only 1 2/3 innings , giving up seven runs and nine hits . He walked one and struck out one . Walker 's two - run homer in the first inning was his first of the season and second in as many games . Gaby Sanchez had three hits , including a double in the second , and drove in two runs . Andrew McCutchen had three hits , including a solo homer , and Neil Walker had three hits , including a homer , and drove in two runs for the Pirates , who have won three of four . The Cubs got a run back in the bottom of the fifth when Ryan Kalish led off with a triple and scored on Mike Olt 's single . The Cubs made it 8 - 2 in the sixth when Chris Coghlan scored from first when Welington Castillo doubled down the right-field line with one out . Jeanmar Gomez then walked Javier Baez to load the bases before Bobby LaFromboise struck out Luis Valbuena to end the inning . The Cubs loaded the bases with one out in the seventh , but Bobby LaFromboise struck out Luis Valbuena to end the inning .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- The Tampa Bay Rays are on a roll . Yunel Escobar scored the winning run on catcher Nick Hundley 's passed ball in the ninth inning , giving the Rays a 3 - 2 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Wednesday night . The Rays , who have the best record in the majors , have won six of their last seven games . Nelson Cruz had a tying RBI single in the eighth inning for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Yunel Escobar reached on an error by shortstop Ryan Flaherty to start the bottom of the ninth . Kevin Kiermaier bunted him to third and pinch-hitter Ryan Hanigan was intentionally walked . Brad Boxberger ( 5 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Tampa Bay 's Drew Smyly allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Baltimore starter Kevin Gausman gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Davis led off the second with a homer to left , and Delmon Young followed with a single before Smyly got Ryan Flaherty to ground into a fielder 's choice . Smyly escaped further damage by striking out Jonathan Schoop and getting Nick Markakis to ground out . The Rays took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Evan Longoria and an RBI single by Wil Myers . Baltimore has lost four of five . The Rays took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Evan Longoria and an RBI single by Myers .
CINCINNATI -- Johnny Cueto was n't going to let the game get away . Cueto allowed six hits in seven innings , including a tiebreaking homer by Todd Frazier in the sixth inning , and the Cincinnati Reds beat the New York Mets 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Cueto ( 17 - 8 ) gave up six hits and struck out eight , improving to 5 - 0 in his last seven starts . Todd Frazier tied it in the sixth with a solo homer off Dillon Gee ( 6 - 7 ) , who gave up seven hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . Chris Heisey put the Reds up 2 - 1 with a pinch-hit homer in the seventh inning . The Mets loaded the bases with one out in the ninth against Aroldis Chapman on a single by Curtis Granderson , a single by Curtis Granderson and a walk to Dilson Herrera . Chapman then struck out pinch-hitter Eric Campbell for his 30th save in 32 chances . Dillon Gee ( 6 - 7 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . Travis d'Arnaud doubled and scored on Dilson Herrera 's single in the second for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Frazier tied it in the sixth with a solo homer off the facing of the upper deck in left field , his 17th of the season and second in two games . The Mets had a chance to take the lead in the seventh when Juan Lagares flied out to center field with runners on first and third and two outs . Heisey , who had been 0 for 12 in his career against Gee , connected on the first pitch he saw from Gee in the seventh for a 2 - 1 lead . Travis d'Arnaud doubled and scored on Dilson Herrera 's single in the second for a 1 - 0 lead . Wilmer Flores doubled to put runners at second and third , but Cueto struck out Juan Lagares to end the threat .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Carlos Martinez was n't sure what to expect . Martinez worked six strong innings and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Philadelphia Phillies 5 - 2 on Wednesday night . Martinez ( 3 - 0 ) gave up two runs and six hits . He walked three and struck out three . Trevor Rosenthal worked the ninth for his eighth save in eight chances . Aaron Harang ( 2 - 2 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Cardinals scored three times in the fifth to take a 5 - 2 lead . Peter Bourjos hit an RBI triple and scored on Matt Carpenter 's fielder 's choice grounder . Matt Carpenter followed with a run-scoring grounder , and Jhonny Peralta added an RBI single . Harang had been 3 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA over his previous four starts . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Matt Adams doubled , took third on a single by Heyward and scored on Wong 's single . Ryan Howard tied it in the fourth with a solo homer , his fourth of the season and second in as many games . The Cardinals scored three times in the fifth to take a 5 - 2 lead . Kolten Wong singled and scored on Bourjos ' first triple of the season . Matt Carpenter followed with a run-scoring grounder , and Jhonny Peralta added an RBI single to make it 5 - 2 . The Phillies have lost four of five . The Cardinals have won six of their last seven overall and are a season-best six games above .500 .
MIAMI -- Juan Lagares has been a big part of the Miami Marlins ' surge . Lagares hit a tiebreaking , three - run double in the eighth inning , and the Miami Marlins beat the New York Mets 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Lagares , who came into the game in a 1 - for - 18 slump , singled in the go-ahead run in the seventh to put the Mets ahead 4 - 3 . Martin Prado led off the eighth with a walk against Carlos Torres ( 1 - 1 ) and went to second on Marcell Ozuna 's one - out walk . Bryan Morris ( 3 - 0 ) struck out Kirk Nieuwenhuis and pinch hitter Michael Cuddyer grounded out to end the threat . Steve Cishek pitched the ninth for his second save in three chances . The Marlins took a 3 - 0 lead in the sixth . Dee Gordon led off with a single , advanced on Martin Prado 's sacrifice and scored on Stanton 's single to right . Marcell Ozuna followed with a single and scored on a wild pitch by A. J. Ramos to tie it at 3 . Montero allowed three runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Mets starter Rafael Montero allowed three runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Rafael Montero allowed three runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Daniel Murphy had three hits for New York , including a single in the fourth .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- David Ortiz is making a habit of changing his swing at the plate . Ortiz hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth inning , Brock Holt added a three - run shot and the Boston Red Sox beat the Baltimore Orioles 7 - 5 on Wednesday night . Holt 's homer was his first at Camden Yards since May 7 , 2007 , when he was with the New York Yankees . The Red Sox trailed 4 - 3 before Brock Holt hit a three - run homer off Darren O'Day in the eighth . Chris Davis led off the Orioles ' seventh with a homer off Rick Porcello , and Delmon Young followed with a single . Craig Breslow then intentionally walked Caleb Joseph to load the bases before Alexi Ogando ( 1 - 0 ) struck out Manny Machado . Chris Davis homered in the eighth for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Koji Uehara worked the ninth for his third save . Baltimore starter Miguel Gonzalez allowed four runs and eight hits in six innings . Paredes put the Orioles up 2 - 0 with a two - run drive in the fourth inning . It was Paredes ' first home run since May 7 , 2008 , against Toronto . The Red Sox went up 4 - 2 in the fifth . Betts drew a two - out walk and Dustin Pedroia singled before Ortiz hit a 2 - 1 pitch into the left-field seats . Ramirez followed with a solo shot to left . The Orioles closed to 4 - 3 in the fifth when Rey Navarro doubled and scored on a two - out single by Everth Cabrera . In the seventh , Chris Davis drew a leadoff walk and took second on a single by Young . Craig Breslow intentionally walked Caleb Joseph to load the bases before Cabrera hit a sacrifice fly .
TORONTO -- Manny Machado is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Machado homered twice and drove in four runs to lead the Toronto Blue Jays to a 7 - 6 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Friday night . It was the third multihomer game of Machado 's career and the third of his career . The Blue Jays have won six of their past eight home games . Hutchison ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and four hits in eight innings . He walked none and struck out seven . Miguel Castro gave up a three - run homer to Manny Machado in the ninth but held on for his fourth save in five chances . Chris Tillman ( 2 - 2 ) allowed seven runs and five hits in 4 1/3 innings , walked five and struck out three . The Blue Jays jumped on Tillman with a three - run third . Danny Valencia drew a leadoff walk and took second on Kevin Pillar 's single , both runners moved up on a sacrifice bunt by Jose Reyes . Danny Valencia followed with a double to right , scoring Smoak , and Pillar 's two - run double made it 6 - 0 . The Blue Jays made it 7 - 0 in the fifth when Donaldson doubled and scored on Martin 's double off Brad Brach . Manny Machado hit two home runs , including a two - run shot in the sixth , but the Orioles lost for the fifth time in six games . The Orioles got one back in the seventh when Adam Jones doubled and scored on Travis Snider 's grounder .
CHICAGO -- Kendrys Morales has been one of the hottest hitters in the American League . Morales drove in the go-ahead run with a 10th-inning double , and the Kansas City Royals beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Royals won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . Mike Moustakas singled with one out in the 13th off Jake Petricka ( 0 - 1 ) and moved to second on Jarrod Dyson 's fielder 's choice . Hosmer then lined a 2 - 2 pitch into the left-field corner to score Dyson . Wade Davis pitched the 13th for his fourth save in four chances . The White Sox have lost six of their last seven games . Wade Davis pitched the 13th for his fourth save in four chances . Adam Eaton reached on shortstop Alcides Escobar 's second error of the game , and Jose Abreu was intentionally walked . Madson then struck out Adam LaRoche , but Avisail Garcia grounded out to end the inning . The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Kendrys Morales . Jose Abreu was hit by a pitch to lead off the fourth , and Adam LaRoche followed with a single . Avisail Garcia grounded into a fielder 's choice , and Garcia scored on Alexei Ramirez 's single . Sale allowed two runs and nine hits in seven innings .
SEATTLE -- J. A. Happ is making a strong case to be the ace of the rotation . Happ pitched into the seventh inning for his first win of the season and the Seattle Mariners beat the Houston Astros 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Happ ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out five without a walk . Chris Carter hit his first home run of the season and Jed Lowrie had three hits for the Astros , who have lost five of their last six games . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his fourth save in five chances . Roberto Hernandez ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out two and walked one . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . Zunino hit his first home run of the season leading off the third inning to give the Mariners a 2 - 0 lead . The Mariners added a run in the fourth when Logan Morrison walked , took third on Dustin Ackley 's single and scored on Miller 's single to right . The Astros got a run back in the fifth when Colby Rasmus doubled and scored on Altuve 's two - out single . Carter 's homer leading off the seventh cut Houston 's lead to 3 - 2 , but Jake Marisnick grounded into a double play and Jose Altuve lined out to second to end the inning . The Astros loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth , but Yoervis Medina struck out Chris Carter to end the threat .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- The Minnesota Twins have been in first place in the AL Central since the All-Star break . Mike Pelfrey allowed five hits over seven scoreless innings and the Twins beat the Kansas City Royals 3 - 0 on Wednesday night . The Twins have won four of their last five games . Pelfrey ( 1 - 0 ) gave up five hits , struck out four and walked two . Glen Perkins worked a perfect ninth for his third save in as many chances . Jeremy Guthrie ( 1 - 1 ) , making his second start of the season , gave up three runs and six hits in five innings . He walked six and struck out three . The Twins jumped on Guthrie for three runs in the first inning . Danny Santana led off with a double , Joe Mauer walked and Brian Dozier singled in a run . Kennys Vargas drove in Mauer with a single , Trevor Plouffe walked to load the bases and Oswaldo Arcia was hit by a pitch with the bases loaded . The Twins loaded the bases with two outs in the second on a walk and two singles , but Guthrie escaped by getting Kennys Vargas to ground into a double play . The Royals , who were shut out for the first time this season , were shut out for the fifth time this season . The Royals loaded the bases with one out in the fifth on a single by Christian Colon , a single by Alcides Escobar and a single by Alcides Escobar . Cain was hit by a pitch to load the bases with one out , but Eric Hosmer grounded out to end the inning . The Royals loaded the bases with one out in the fifth , but Eric Hosmer grounded out to end the inning . Hosmer tripled with two outs in the eighth against Casey Fien , but Kendrys Morales flied out to end the inning .
TORONTO -- The Toronto Blue Jays are making a habit of coming out of the playoffs . Edwin Encarnacion hit two home runs , Ryan Goins had a two - run single during a six - run second inning and the Blue Jays beat the Baltimore Orioles 13 - 6 on Wednesday night . The Blue Jays , who have won six of their past eight home games , have won six of their past seven overall . Mark Buehrle ( 3 - 0 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings to win his third straight start . Bud Norris ( 0 - 2 ) allowed nine runs and six hits in 2 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked three and struck out two . The Orioles have lost four of five . Encarnacion hit a leadoff homer to left in the second , his fourth . Dioner Navarro followed with a double and scored on Ryan Goins ' two - run single . Chris Davis singled to center , but Adam Jones was thrown out trying to score on Adam Jones ' double to center . The Blue Jays added three more in the third . Pillar hit a two - run single and Ryan Goins drove in a run with a single . Toronto made it 11 - 4 in the seventh against Liam Hendriks . Donaldson led off with a double and scored on Bautista 's second error of the game . Bautista hit a two - run homer off Jason Garcia in the seventh , his fourth . The Orioles made it 11 - 4 in the seventh against Liam Hendriks . Flaherty walked and Everth Cabrera singled to put runners at first and second with no outs . After Steve Pearce popped out , Davis hit a grounder to Goins , who threw to second for an error .
PITTSBURGH -- Gerrit Cole is making the most of it . Cole won for the first time in more than a month and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Milwaukee Brewers 5 - 2 on Wednesday night . Cole ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in six innings , striking out six and walking one . Chris Stewart hit a two - run single in the sixth for the Pirates , who have won four of five . Matt Garza ( 1 - 2 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Pirates scored two runs in the first on a wild pitch and McCutchen 's RBI single . The Brewers scored twice in the second . Scooter Gennett and Luis Jimenez singled to start the inning , and Jean Segura drove in a run with a groundout . Jonathan Lucroy followed with a grounder to third baseman Josh Harrison , who threw wildly to the plate for an error , allowing Jimenez to score . The Pirates regained the lead in the bottom of the inning when Alvarez hit a 2 - 0 pitch from Matt Garza ( 1 - 2 ) over the wall in center for his first home run of the season . The Pirates added a run in the sixth when Alvarez walked , hit Jordy Mercer with a pitch and was replaced by pinch hitter Corey Hart . Pinch-hitter Corey Hart grounded into a double play to end the inning . Jared Hughes pitched a scoreless seventh , and Mark Melancon worked the ninth for his second save in as many opportunities . The Brewers put runners on first and second with one out in the ninth but Gerardo Parra grounded into a double play .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros are starting to find a way to win . Jason Castro singled home the go-ahead run in the fifth inning and the Astros beat the Los Angeles Angels 4 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Astros have won four of their last five games and have the best record in the majors . Scott Feldman ( 1 - 2 ) allowed six hits and two runs in six innings for his first win of the season . C. J. Cron hit a two - run homer for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Luke Gregerson pitched a perfect ninth for his second save . Garrett Richards ( 0 - 1 ) allowed five hits and four runs -- three earned -- in five innings in his first major league start . Valbuena hit a two - run homer in the third inning to give the Astros a 2 - 0 lead . David Freese singled with one out in the fourth before Cron 's two - out homer to left field tied it at 2 . The Astros scored three runs in the fifth to take a 4 - 2 lead . George Springer singled with two outs and Evan Gattis walked before Butera 's throwing error on a steal attempt allowed Springer to score and put Houston up 3 - 2 . Pujols hit a solo homer off Pat Neshek with two outs in the eighth to cut the lead to 4 - 3 . Albert Pujols hit a solo homer off Astros reliever Pat Neshek in the eighth to cut it to 4 - 3 . Jose Altuve singled and Luis Valbuena walked with one out in the first before Springer reached on an error by Freese at third base . Richards escaped by striking out Jed Lowrie and getting Jason Castro to ground out .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Carlos Martinez 's first major league win was a memorable one . Martinez allowed one run in six innings in his first start of the season and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Cincinnati Reds 5 - 2 on Friday night . Martinez ( 1 - 0 ) gave up one run and three hits . He struck out four and walked two . Seth Maness gave up a run on four hits in 1 2/3 innings and Randy Choate gave up a run in the eighth . Trevor Rosenthal worked around a one - out walk to pinch hitter Brennan Boesch in the ninth for his fourth save in four chances . Homer Bailey ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out none . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Matt Holliday doubled and scored on Matt Adams ' single . Heyward 's second homer of the season made it 2 - 0 in the third . Yadier Molina 's RBI double made it 3 - 0 in the fourth . Cozart led off the fifth with a homer to straightaway center , his second of the season and second in two games . The Cardinals added a run in the sixth on a single by Yadier Molina , a single by Jon Jay and a two - run double by Carpenter that made it 5 - 1 . Billy Hamilton led off the Reds eighth with a single off Seth Maness and moved to second on Votto 's groundout . Negron scored on Phillips ' single to make it 5 - 2 , but Jordan Walden got Marlon Byrd to ground into a fielder 's choice .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres have been waiting all season long . Justin Upton hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth inning , and the Padres beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 3 - 2 on Sunday to avoid a three - game sweep . The Padres , who have the worst record in the majors , have won six of their last seven games . The Padres won for the fourth time in five games and handed the Diamondbacks their fourth straight loss . Upton 's homer came with two outs in the eighth off Randall Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) . Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth for his third save in three chances . The Diamondbacks have lost four straight and six of seven . Paul Goldschmidt hit a two - run homer in the first for the Diamondbacks , who have lost six of seven . The Padres cut the deficit to 2 - 1 in the second when Upton singled and scored on Yonder Alonso 's double . The Padres tied it in the sixth on a double by Wil Myers , a single by Derek Norris and a sacrifice fly by Kemp . Anderson allowed two runs and eight hits in six innings , struck out five and walked one . Anderson allowed two runs and eight hits in six innings , struck out five and walked one .
CLEVELAND -- The Cleveland Indians have been waiting for Trevor Bauer to get back on track . Bauer struck out eight in six innings , and the Indians beat the Chicago White Sox 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Bauer ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and four hits to win his second straight start . The White Sox scored two runs in the sixth on a groundout by Alexei Ramirez and an RBI single by J. B. Shuck . Bauer was coming off one of his worst outings of the season , when he gave up six runs and eight hits in five innings against the Chicago White Sox . Cody Allen worked the ninth for his second save . John Danks ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . The White Sox have lost five of six . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Lonnie Chisenhall led off with a single , moved to second on Perez 's sacrifice and scored on Michael Bourn 's groundout . Chisenhall 's two - run double made it 3 - 0 in the fourth . The Indians made it 4 - 0 in the fifth on a two - out RBI single by Carlos Santana . The White Sox scored twice in the sixth on a groundout by Alexei Ramirez and an RBI single by J. <BATTING> .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Jorge Soler has been on a roll . Soler homered twice and drove in four runs , Arismendy Alcantara singled home the winning run in the 10th inning and the Chicago Cubs beat the Cincinnati Reds 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Soler 's two - run homer off Jumbo Diaz in the eighth tied it at 6 , but the Cubs rallied in the bottom half . Anthony Rizzo drew a leadoff walk from Manny Parra ( 0 - 1 ) and took second on a wild pitch . Jorge Soler followed with a single to right and Coghlan walked to load the bases . Hector Rondon ( 1 - 0 ) pitched the 10th for the win . Jorge Soler homered twice and drove in four runs , and Chris Coghlan also went deep for the Cubs , who have won four of their last five games . Cubs starter Jon Lester gave up six runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked none . The Reds jumped on Lester for three runs in the first . Joey Votto tripled with one out and scored on Todd Frazier 's double . Frazier scored on Marlon Byrd 's groundout and Phillips scored on Jay Bruce 's single to make it 3 - 0 . The Cubs tied it in the bottom half on Soler 's two - run homer and Starlin Castro 's RBI single . The Reds added three runs in the sixth . Brandon Phillips singled with one out and scored on Marlon Byrd 's double . Jay Bruce followed with an RBI double and scored on Cozart 's fielder 's choice to make it 6 - 3 . Chris Coghlan led off the Cubs sixth with a homer to cut it to 6 - 4 . Lester gave up six runs and 10 hits in six innings .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- Miguel Cabrera is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Cabrera homered twice and drove in four runs to lead the Detroit Tigers to an 8 - 5 win over the Cleveland Indians on Friday night . Cabrera 's first three - homer game of the season came on the heels of his first two - homer game of the season . J. D. Martinez had three hits , including a homer in the ninth off Shaun Marcum . Kyle Lobstein ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in five innings for his first major league win . Joakim Soria worked the ninth for his second save . Rookie T. J. House ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 1 1/3 innings . The Tigers scored three runs in the first . Rajai Davis drew a leadoff walk and scored on a throwing error by catcher James McCann . Cabrera then drove a 1 - 1 pitch over the wall in right for his first homer of the season . Martinez added a two - run single in the second to make it 6 - 1 . Ryan Raburn 's two - run single cut it to 6 - 3 in the third . The Indians scored twice in the eighth off Blaine Hardy . J. D. Martinez hit a leadoff homer in the ninth for Cleveland , which has lost four of five . J. D. Martinez hit a three - run homer in the ninth for Cleveland .
CLEVELAND -- The Detroit Tigers ' offense was n't much better . Nicholas Castellanos and Jose Iglesias each had three hits , including an RBI single in a three - run ninth , and the Tigers beat the Cleveland Indians 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Tigers have won three of four . Alfredo Simon ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings for his first major league win . Joba Chamberlain gave up two hits in the ninth , but Joakim Soria struck out Michael Bourn with runners on first and second for his first save . Zach McAllister ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs and 13 hits in four - plus innings . Miguel Cabrera and Victor Martinez had RBI singles in the fourth to make it 3 - 0 . Castellanos hit a two - run homer in the fifth , and Jose Iglesias had three hits and an RBI for the Tigers . The Indians scored three times in the sixth . Michael Brantley had an RBI double , Carlos Santana drove in a run with a single and Brandon Moss added an RBI single off Al Alburquerque . Cespedes led off the seventh with a single off Anthony Swarzak and moved to second on a passed ball . He scored on Jose Iglesias ' single off Anthony Swarzak , who was making his major league debut . Kinsler greeted Bryan Shaw with an RBI triple to make it 8 - 3 . Yan Gomes singled off Chamberlain in the bottom of the ninth , but struck out Mike Aviles and Ryan Raburn before Ramirez singled . Soria came on and struck out Michael Bourn to end the game .
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) -- Nick Martinez had to wait a long time to get his first major league win . Martinez allowed four hits over seven scoreless innings , and the Texas Rangers beat the Oakland Athletics 10 - 1 on Tuesday night . Martinez ( 1 - 0 ) struck out five and walked two in his first start of the season . Shin-Soo Choo hit a three - run homer and Mitch Moreland added a sacrifice fly for the Rangers , who took two of three from the A 's . Kendall Graveman ( 0 - 1 ) gave up eight runs -- seven earned -- and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings . Choo 's three - run homer off Evan Scribner in the fourth made it 8 - 0 . Graveman ( 0 - 1 ) was tagged for eight runs -- seven earned -- and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out one . Graveman walked Leonys Martin and Shin-Soo Choo singled to start the game . Adrian Beltre followed with a grounder to shortstop Elvis Andrus , who stepped on the bag and threw to shortstop Elvis Andrus covering the bag for the third out . Moreland then drove a 1 - 0 pitch from Graveman into the A 's bullpen for his first home run of the season . Choo added a three - run shot off Evan Scribner in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . Beltre homered off Evan Scribner leading off the seventh to make it 9 - 0 . The A 's put runners on first and second with one out in the seventh before Lawrie flied out and Mark Canha lined out to end the inning . Marcus Semien added an RBI double off Keone Kela in the eighth to make it 10 - 1 .
CHICAGO -- Jake Arrieta 's first major league win was a big one . Arrieta pitched three - hit ball for seven innings and outpitched Lance Lynn in the seventh , leading the Chicago Cubs to a 2 - 0 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Wednesday night . Arrieta ( 1 - 0 ) struck out seven and walked three while throwing 65 of his 104 pitches for strikes . Hector Rondon worked a perfect ninth for his first save . Lance Lynn ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and two hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked one . The Cardinals have lost three straight and six of seven . Lynn ( 0 - 1 ) was sailing along until the seventh , when he hit Anthony Rizzo with a pitch to start the inning . Castro followed with a single to center , scoring Anthony Rizzo . Lynn allowed two hits and two runs -- one earned -- in six innings . He struck out nine and walked one . The Cubs added a run in the seventh . Anthony Rizzo was hit by a pitch to start the inning and scored on Castro 's single to right . Castro went to third on Coghlan 's sacrifice and scored on Miguel Montero 's sacrifice fly off Kevin Siegrist . Soler tripled with one out in the fourth and scored on Starlin Castro 's single . Soler tripled with one out in the fourth and scored on Starlin Castro 's single . The Cardinals put runners on second and third with two outs in the sixth , but Jon Jay grounded out .
HOUSTON -- Carlos Carrasco was n't sure what to expect in his first major league start . Carrasco struck out 10 in 6 1/3 scoreless innings , and the Cleveland Indians beat the Houston Astros 2 - 0 on Friday night . Carrasco ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three hits and walked one . The right-hander was 0 - 2 in his first two starts of the season . Carlos Santana hit a solo homer in the fourth off Scott Feldman ( 0 - 1 ) , who allowed five hits and struck out five in 6 2/3 innings . Mike Aviles and Carlos Santana homered for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Cody Allen pitched a perfect ninth for his first save . Scott Feldman ( 0 - 1 ) allowed five hits and one run while striking out five in 6 2/3 innings for the loss . Santana 's homer to the Crawford Boxes in left field put Cleveland up 1 - 0 in the fourth inning . The Astros were shut out for the second time this season and have been shut out for the first time this season . The Astros did n't get a hit until George Springer 's one - out double in the sixth inning . But Carrasco struck out Luis Valbuena and Evan Gattis to end the inning . Jason Castro drew a one - out walk in the seventh and Jed Lowrie singled off reliever Nick Hagadone . But Colby Rasmus grounded into a double play to end the inning . Aviles led off the eighth with a homer off Pat Neshek to make it 2 - 0 . Michael Bourn followed with a single , but Neshek retired Jason Kipnis and Carlos Santana to end the threat .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Adam Wainwright is making the most of his opportunity . Wainwright pitched six shutout innings and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Chicago Cubs 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Wainwright ( 1 - 0 ) allowed five hits , struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Trevor Rosenthal struck out the side in the ninth for his first save . Jon Lester ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Cubs lost for the seventh time in nine games . Lester ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jason Heyward doubled with one out and scored on Holliday 's single . The Cardinals made it 2 - 0 in the second when Kolten Wong walked , took third on Jon Jay 's single and scored on Carpenter 's single to right . The Cardinals added a run in the fifth when Matt Carpenter singled , took third on a single by Heyward and scored on Holliday 's single . The Cardinals added a run in the fifth when Matt Carpenter singled , took third on a single by Jason Heyward and scored on Holliday 's single to left . Phil Coke came in and got Jhonny Peralta to pop out , then struck out Kolten Wong to end the inning . The Cubs threatened in the seventh , putting runners on first and second with one out . But Martinez struck out pinch-hitter Arismendy Alcantara and got Tommy La Stella to ground out .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels are finally starting to find a way to win . Johnny Giavotella hit a tiebreaking two - run single in the eighth inning , and the Angels beat the Detroit Tigers 4 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Angels have won six of their last seven games , including three of their last four . Jose Iglesias led off the seventh with a single against Cam Bedrosian and advanced to second on Andrew Romine 's sacrifice bunt . Bedrosian walked Ian Kinsler and Miguel Cabrera to load the bases for Yoenis Cespedes , who flied out to left . Price ( 4 - 2 ) was charged with four runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings , striking out six and walking four . Joe Smith ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . David Price ( 4 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings , striking out six and walking four . The Tigers tied it at 2 in the sixth when Miguel Cabrera led off with a single and Yoenis Cespedes followed with a hard grounder to second that Giavotella bobbled for an error , allowing Cabrera to score . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by James McCann . The Angels took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth when Grant Green singled , took third on Johnny Giavotella 's one - out double and scored on Erick Aybar 's single , and Trout drove in Giavotella with a single up the middle . The Tigers tied it in the sixth when Miguel Cabrera led off with a single and Yoenis Cespedes followed with a grounder to second that Giavotella bobbled for an error , allowing Cabrera to score . The Tigers loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh on a single by Jose Iglesias , a sacrifice bunt by Andrew Romine and a walk to Miguel Cabrera . But Yoenis Cespedes flied out to right to end the threat .
SEATTLE -- The Cleveland Indians have been waiting all season to get back into the playoff race . Corey Kluber struck out 13 in seven innings and the Indians beat the Seattle Mariners 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Indians won for the seventh time in eight games and moved within one game of first-place Detroit in the AL Central . Kluber ( 3 - 5 ) gave up three runs and seven hits . He walked one and struck out a season-high 13 . Cody Allen pitched the ninth for his 10th save in 12 chances . James Paxton ( 3 - 3 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . Moss hit a solo homer in the second inning to give the Indians a 1 - 0 lead . The Indians scored three times in the fourth to take a 4 - 1 lead . Brandon Moss and Jose Ramirez singled with one out and Michael Bourn walked to load the bases . Jason Kipnis followed with an RBI single , and Ramirez scored on a groundout by Jason Kipnis to make it 4 - 1 . The Mariners threatened in the fifth , putting runners on first and second with one out , but Kluber struck out Seth Smith and got Ryan Raburn to ground out to end the threat . The Indians added a run in the sixth on a double by Jose Ramirez and a sacrifice bunt by Michael Bourn . Dustin Ackley hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Mariners .
BALTIMORE -- For the first time in more than a month , the Baltimore Orioles found a way to win . Chris Davis hit his second home run of the game in the bottom of the eighth inning , and the Orioles beat the Houston Astros 5 - 4 on Sunday to complete a three - game sweep . It was the first time this season the Orioles have hit two home runs in a game . The Astros trailed 4 - 1 before rallying to tie it in the seventh . George Springer singled with one out and scored on a fielder 's choice by Preston Tucker before Evan Gattis tied it with a two - run homer . Davis connected off Tony Sipp ( 2 - 2 ) for his second career multihomer game . Brad Brach ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth to earn the win . Houston starter Collin McHugh gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Evan Gattis singled and scored on a double by Chris Carter . Rasmus led off the fourth with a double and went to third on a single by Adam Jones . But Jimenez struck out Chris Carter and Jason Castro to end the threat . The Orioles took a 4 - 1 lead in the fourth . Jimmy Paredes hit a leadoff double , took third on a single by Adam Jones and scored on a two - out homer by Davis . The Astros loaded the bases with one out in the sixth before Jimenez struck out Chris Carter and got Jason Castro to fly out . Houston closed to 4 - 2 in the seventh on a run-scoring grounder by Tucker and a two - run homer by Gattis .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- The Texas Rangers had a lot to do with it . Shin-Soo Choo hit a three - run homer in Texas ' seven - run third inning , and the Rangers routed the New York Yankees 15 - 4 on Wednesday night . The AL West-leading Rangers won for the seventh time in nine games and moved within two games of first-place Detroit in the AL West . Nick Martinez ( 4 - 0 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . CC Sabathia ( 2 - 6 ) was tagged for six runs and seven hits in 2 1/3 innings . Sabathia is 0 - 2 in four starts since his last victory on April 27 against the Chicago Cubs . Sabathia ( 2 - 6 ) was tagged for six runs and seven hits in 2 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked three and struck out four . Sabathia ( 2 - 6 ) was tagged for six runs and seven hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked Jake Smolinski leading off the third , Delino DeShields singled and Shin-Soo Choo singled in a run . Elvis Andrus added a sacrifice fly and Adam Rosales added an RBI single off Branden Pinder to make it 13 - 0 . Didi Gregorius hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . The Rangers chased Rogers in the sixth . Choo drew a leadoff walk and scored on a wild pitch by Branden Pinder to make it 11 - 0 . Carlos Beltran hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Didi Gregorius hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Yankees , who have lost four of five .
WASHINGTON -- Max Scherzer has been one of the few bright spots for the NL East leaders . Scherzer allowed one run in eight innings , and the Washington Nationals beat the Philadelphia Phillies 2 - 1 on Friday night . Scherzer ( 5 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits , striking out six and walking one . Drew Storen pitched the ninth for his 13th save in 14 chances . The Nationals scored a run in the sixth on Ian Desmond 's RBI double off Sean O'Sullivan ( 1 - 3 ) . O'Sullivan ( 1 - 3 ) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Ryan Howard led off with a double , took third on Maikel Franco 's grounder and scored on Odubel Herrera 's two - out double . Harper led off the bottom of the second with a homer to left , his fourth of the season . Chase Utley doubled with one out in the sixth and advanced to third on a groundout by Howard , but Maikel Franco lined out to third to end the inning . The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth . Max Scherzer led off with a single and scored on Ian Desmond 's one - out double . The Phillies had a chance to tie the game in the eighth with runners on first and second and one out , but pinch-hitter Cesar Hernandez grounded out to shortstop Freddy Galvis to end the inning . Drew Storen pitched the ninth for his 13th save in 14 chances , giving up a leadoff single to Chase Utley and a one - out single to Franco .
CLEVELAND -- For the first time in more than a week , the Cleveland Indians are on a roll . Brandon Moss hit a three - run homer and the Indians beat the Cincinnati Reds 7 - 3 on Sunday to complete a three - game sweep . The Indians have won four of their last five . The Indians have won six of their last seven games , including three straight at home against the Reds . Carlos Carrasco ( 5 - 4 ) gave up two runs and four hits in six innings , striking out seven and walking two . Mike Leake ( 2 - 3 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in four innings . The right-hander walked five and struck out none . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Brayan Pena drew a one - out walk , took third on a double by Jay Bruce and scored on a groundout by Billy Hamilton . The Indians loaded the bases with one out in the second on a single by David Murphy , a walk to Jose Ramirez and a one - out walk to Roberto Perez . Todd Frazier 's two - out double tied it at 2 , but Marlon Byrd flied out to end the inning . Moss hit a two - out , two - run double off Jumbo Diaz in the seventh to make it 7 - 2 . Todd Frazier singled off Scott Atchison to start the ninth and scored on Kipnis ' two - out single . Carlos Santana added an RBI double to make it 7 - 2 . Todd Frazier singled off Scott Atchison to start the ninth and scored on a wild pitch .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- The Cleveland Indians have been waiting all season long . Nick Swisher and Mike Aviles homered in a four - run first inning against John Danks , and the Indians beat the Chicago White Sox 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Indians won for the fifth time in six games . Danny Salazar ( 5 - 1 ) pitched six shutout innings , allowing five hits and striking out eight . Tyler Flowers hit a two - run homer in the ninth for the White Sox , who lost for the fifth time in six games . John Danks ( 2 - 4 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Indians scored four runs in the first off Danks , who was making his second start since coming off the disabled list . The Indians added a run in the second when Roberto Perez led off with a walk and scored on Carlos Santana 's groundout . The White Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the third on singles by Emilio Bonifacio and Adam Eaton and walks to Adam Eaton and Adam LaRoche . Salazar struck out Avisail Garcia to end the inning . The White Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the third on singles by Emilio Bonifacio and Adam Eaton and a walk to Adam Eaton . Salazar struck out Melky Cabrera and Jose Abreu before walking Adam LaRoche to load the bases . Salazar struck out Avisail Garcia to end the inning . The Indians loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth , but Scott Carroll struck out Carlos Santana to end the threat .
HOUSTON -- Dallas Keuchel was n't going to let the game get away from him . Keuchel allowed six hits and an unearned run in seven strong innings to lead the Houston Astros to a 6 - 1 win over the Oakland Athletics on Friday night . Keuchel ( 6 - 0 ) struck out four and walked two in his fourth start since coming off the disabled list . Gattis hit a two - run homer off Jesse Hahn ( 1 - 4 ) in the sixth inning to give the Astros a 3 - 1 lead . Luis Valbuena singled to start the eighth and George Springer followed with a double to chase Dan Otero . Valbuena scored on a sacrifice fly by Colby Rasmus before Carter 's two - run single off Arnold Leon made it 6 - 1 . Hahn allowed five hits and three runs with six strikeouts in six innings . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Marwin Gonzalez doubled and scored on a single by Jake Marisnick to make it 1 - 0 . The A 's loaded the bases with one out in the fourth on singles by Billy Butler and Brett Lawrie and a single by Josh Phegley . Keuchel escaped the jam by getting Mark Canha to ground into a fielder 's choice and Craig Gentry to ground into a fielder 's choice . Billy Butler singled with one out in the sixth and Brett Lawrie singled before Mark Canha reached on an error by Carter at first base that allowed Butler to score and tie it at 1 . Gattis hit a two - out , two - run homer in the sixth to put Houston up 3 - 1 . Brett Lawrie doubled with one out in the eighth before Sipp struck out pinch hitter Stephen Vogt and Mark Canha to end the inning . Luis Valbuena singled to start the eighth before Springer 's double . Valbuena scored on a sacrifice fly by Colby Rasmus before Carter 's two - run single off Arnold Leon made it 6 - 1 .
BOSTON -- David Ortiz is making a strong case to be the designated hitter . Ortiz homered for the first time in more than a month , and the Boston Red Sox beat the Texas Rangers 4 - 3 on Wednesday night . Ortiz is hitting .244 with three homers and seven RBIs in his last six games . The Red Sox won for the fourth time in five games . Wade Miley ( 3 - 4 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking one . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth for his 10th save . Yovani Gallardo ( 3 - 6 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in five innings . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Dustin Pedroia doubled and scored on David Ortiz 's single . Hanley Ramirez singled and Sandoval singled to load the bases before Gallardo struck out Mike Napoli and got Daniel Nava to ground out . Napoli led off the fourth with a homer into the seats above the Green Monster . Ortiz 's homer made it 3 - 0 in the fifth , and Mike Napoli 's RBI single made it 4 - 0 . The Rangers cut it to 4 - 2 in the sixth . Kyle Blanks doubled with one out and scored on a two - out single by Robinson Chirinos . The Rangers cut it to 4 - 2 in the sixth . Kyle Blanks doubled with one out and scored on a two - out single by Robinson Chirinos .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) -- Tim Hudson was n't sure what to expect from his teammates . Hudson pitched into the seventh inning for his first win in more than a month , and the San Francisco Giants beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Hudson ( 2 - 3 ) struck out two and walked two in 6 1/3 innings , allowing five hits and two walks . Santiago Casilla pitched the ninth for his 10th save in 12 chances , getting Jimmy Rollins to ground out with the bases loaded to end the game . The Giants won for only the second time in eight games . Carlos Frias ( 3 - 1 ) gave up one run and seven hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out three . Buster Posey 's RBI single in the third was the Giants ' only run off Hudson , who struck out two and walked two in 6 1/3 innings . Chris Hatcher gave up an unearned run in the eighth on a wild pitch that allowed Brandon Belt to reach second base . Lopez walked Pederson and Jimmy Rollins to load the bases before Sergio Romo came on to face pinch hitter Justin Turner , who grounded out to second to end the inning . The Giants added an unearned run off Chris Hatcher in the eighth . Brandon Belt reached on an error by rookie center fielder Enrique Hernandez , who was charged with an error on the play . Belt moved to third on Hunter Pence 's groundout and scored on Hatcher 's wild pitch to make it 2 - 0 . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Panik singled with two outs and scored on Buster Posey 's single to right . The Dodgers were shut out for the fourth time this season and second time in three games .
HOUSTON -- The Oakland Athletics have n't had much success in their first two games . The Oakland Athletics took advantage of the Houston Astros ' bullpen , too . Brett Lawrie singled home the go-ahead run in the sixth inning and the Athletics beat the Houston Astros 2 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight win . The A 's won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 5 - 0 at Minute Maid Park this season . The Astros trailed 1 - 0 when they loaded the bases with no outs in the top of the ninth on a single by Billy Butler , a walk to Stephen Vogt and a walk to Max Muncy . Will Harris relieved Thatcher and gave up an RBI single to Brett Lawrie that put Oakland up 2 - 1 . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead on a sacrifice fly by Evan Gattis in the first inning . Max Muncy doubled with one out in the second and scored on a single by Eric Sogard to tie it at 1 . The Astros loaded the bases with one out in the third , but Evan Gattis grounded into a double play to end the inning . Jake Marisnick singled to start the bottom of the third before Jose Altuve reached on an error by Semien . Jonathan Villar reached on Semien 's throwing error and George Springer walked before Evan Gattis grounded into a double play . Pomeranz allowed two hits and a run in 4 1/3 innings . Pomeranz allowed one run and two hits with five walks and two strikeouts in 4 1/3 innings .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting for a little bit of luck to get back into the playoff race . Brian Dozier hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly in the seventh inning and the Twins beat the Tampa Bay Rays 3 - 2 on Sunday to complete a three - game sweep . The Twins have won six of their last seven games . Hughes ( 3 - 4 ) gave up two runs and five hits with three strikeouts and a walk in seven innings . Glen Perkins pitched the ninth for his 12th save in as many chances . Jake Odorizzi ( 3 - 3 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out five without a walk . Tampa Bay 's David DeJesus hit his first home run of the season in the second inning to give Tampa Bay a 1 - 0 lead . The Rays took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth when Joey Butler doubled with one out and scored on Kevin Kiermaier 's two - out single to put the Rays up 2 - 1 . Joe Mauer led off the bottom of the sixth with a single and Trevor Plouffe reached on shortstop Asdrubal Cabrera 's throwing error , but Kurt Suzuki popped out and Kennys Vargas grounded out to end the inning . Aaron Hicks led off the seventh with a single and scored on Danny Santana 's triple to tie it . Dozier followed with a sacrifice fly to put the Twins up 3 - 2 . Rene Rivera led off the eighth with a single off Blaine Boyer , but Boyer got Kevin Kiermaier to fly out and struck out Steven Souza Jr. and Evan Longoria to end the inning . Glen Perkins pitched the ninth for his 12th save in as many chances . Pinch hitter Brandon Guyer singled with two outs and Asdrubal Cabrera singled before Joey Butler grounded out to end the game .
TORONTO -- Mike Napoli 's first homer of the season was a big one . Napoli hit a three - run homer and the Boston Red Sox beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6 - 3 on Wednesday night . Napoli hit a three - run shot in the first inning off R. A. Dickey ( 1 - 4 ) , who allowed six runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out none . Mike Napoli hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs . Clay Buchholz ( 2 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings to win for the first time in four starts . Koji Uehara worked the ninth for his sixth save in eight chances . R. A. Dickey ( 1 - 4 ) allowed six runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out none . Napoli hit a three - run homer off Dickey in the first , his fourth . The Blue Jays cut it to 4 - 1 in the fourth when Edwin Encarnacion singled , took second on a groundout and scored on Chris Colabello 's single . Sandoval made it 6 - 1 with a two - run homer in the fifth , his second . Toronto cut it to 6 - 2 in the fifth when Devon Travis doubled and scored on Josh Donaldson 's double . The Blue Jays cut it to 6 - 3 in the seventh when Thole doubled and scored on a groundout by Devon Travis .
MILWAUKEE -- Anthony Rizzo was n't sure what to expect when he came to bat in the bottom of the 11th inning . Martin Maldonado singled home the winning run in the 11th inning to lift the Milwaukee Brewers to a 3 - 2 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . The Brewers have won three of four after losing five of their previous six games . Ryan Braun led off the 11th with a double off Jason Motte ( 1 - 1 ) and Adam Lind was intentionally walked . Braun advanced to third on Khris Davis ' fly ball to the warning track in center field . Michael Blazek ( 3 - 0 ) struck out two in a perfect 11th for the win . Martin Maldonado and Elian Herrera hit back-to-back home runs for the Brewers in the seventh to give the Brewers a 2 - 1 lead . Dexter Fowler singled with one out in the eighth and Kris Bryant struck out before Anthony Rizzo tied it with a double off Will Smith . Martin Maldonado and Elian Herrera hit consecutive home runs for the Brewers in the seventh to give the Brewers a 2 - 1 lead . Miguel Montero hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Cubs , who have lost five of six . Montero 's homer in the sixth was the only run allowed by Garza , who struck out nine and walked three . Hendricks allowed five hits and two walks in 5 1/3 innings , striking out three . Cubs starter Kyle Hendricks gave up five hits and two walks in 5 1/3 scoreless innings .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Bryce Harper is making a habit of hitting for the cycle . Harper homered twice and drove in five runs to lead the Washington Nationals to a 9 - 2 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Friday night . Harper 's two - run shot off Eric Stults ( 1 - 3 ) in the sixth inning gave the Nationals a 3 - 2 lead . It was his third multihomer game of the season and first since June 12 , 2009 , against the New York Mets . Yunel Escobar led off the eighth with a walk , Jayson Werth singled and Harper hit the first pitch from Trevor Cahill into the Braves ' bullpen in left-center for his second career multihomer game . It was the second multihomer game of the season for Harper , who also had a pair of two - run shots Friday night . Espinosa 's second homer of the game capped a four - run eighth against Williams Perez . Gio Gonzalez ( 3 - 2 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings , striking out eight and walking one . Eric Stults ( 1 - 3 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven without a walk . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Andrelton Simmons was hit by a pitch with one out and Freddie Freeman followed with a double . Simmons scored on Jonny Gomes ' sacrifice fly . The Braves made it 2 - 0 in the third . Andrelton Simmons singled with two outs and scored on Freddie Freeman 's double to left . Werth led off the fourth with a homer to left , and Harper followed with a single . The Nationals regained the lead in the sixth . Yunel Escobar led off with a single and Harper drove a 1 - 2 pitch from Stults over the wall in center for his second career multihomer game . Espinosa homered off Brandon Cunniff in the seventh .
PHOENIX -- The San Diego Padres had a lot to do with it . Will Venable singled home the go-ahead run in the seventh inning and the Padres beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 6 - 5 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight victory . The Padres , who have the worst record in the majors , won for the fourth time in five games . James Shields ( 4 - 0 ) gave up five runs and six hits in six innings , striking out seven and walking three . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save in as many chances . Enrique Burgos ( 0 - 1 ) walked Justin Upton to open the seventh and then struck out Yangervis Solarte . After Derek Norris popped out , Venable lined a single to center to put San Diego ahead 6 - 5 . The Diamondbacks , coming off a three - game sweep of San Francisco , lost for the fifth time in six games . Paul Goldschmidt and David Peralta hit back-to-back homers for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Paul Goldschmidt and David Peralta hit consecutive homers off Shields in the sixth to tie it at 5 . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Will Venable 's second home run of the season , a two - out , two - run shot . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Owings ' two - run homer . The Padres tied it in the third on a two - out RBI single by Matt Kemp . The Padres made it 5 - 2 in the fifth when Spangenberg tripled and scored on Justin Upton 's fielder 's choice . Andrew Chafin came on and got Derek Norris to fly out to end the inning .
BOSTON -- The Tampa Bay Rays had a chance to win the game . Evan Longoria homered twice , Joey Butler drove in two runs , and the Rays beat the Boston Red Sox 5 - 3 on Wednesday night . The Rays , who have the best record in the majors , have won six of their last seven games . Colome ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and four hits in five innings , striking out four without a walk . Brad Boxberger pitched the ninth for his seventh save . Justin Masterson ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked six and struck out one . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Brandon Guyer doubled with one out and scored on Logan Forsythe 's single . The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the third . Xander Bogaerts led off with a double and scored on Blake Swihart 's double . Swihart advanced to third on Mookie Betts ' groundout and scored on Dustin Pedroia 's sacrifice fly . The Rays loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth on a single by James Loney , a walk to Brandon Guyer and a walk to Rene Rivera . Masterson escaped the jam by getting Kevin Kiermaier to line out to second . The Red Sox loaded the bases with one out in the fifth on a single by James Loney , a walk to Evan Longoria and a walk to David DeJesus . Butler then lined a single to right , scoring Loney and Longoria . The Red Sox loaded the bases with one out in the eighth on a single by James Loney , a walk to David Ortiz and Pablo Sandoval 's single . Pinch-hitter Daniel Nava grounded into a force at the plate , but Brock Holt grounded out to end the inning . Longoria homered off Alexi Ogando in the ninth .
BOSTON -- Mookie Betts is making a strong case to stay in the majors . Betts hit two home runs and drove in two runs to lead the Boston Red Sox to a 2 - 0 win over the Tampa Bay Rays on Friday night . Betts led off the sixth inning with his second home run of the game , a solo shot that put the Red Sox up 1 - 0 . It was his second career multihomer game and first this season . It was the second multihomer game of Betts ' career and the second of his career . Betts hit his second homer of the game in the eighth off Ernesto Frieri to make it 2 - 0 . Porcello ( 3 - 2 ) gave up eight hits , struck out six and did n't walk a batter in seven innings . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth for his fifth save . Drew Smyly ( 0 - 1 ) gave up one run and two hits in six innings , striking out six and walking two . The Rays have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Rays had runners on first and second with no outs in the fourth when Evan Longoria led off with a single and took second on David DeJesus ' single . But Porcello got Logan Forsythe to line into a double play , then struck out Asdrubal Cabrera to end the inning . Betts led off the sixth with his second homer of the game , a shot to the seats above the Green Monster . The Red Sox made it 2 - 0 in the eighth when Betts hit his second homer of the game , a solo shot off Ernesto Frieri .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres have been waiting all season long . Nolan Arenado homered twice and drove in three runs to lead the Padres to an 8 - 6 win over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . The Padres , who have the worst record in the majors , have won six of their last seven games . Upton hit a two - out , two - run homer off Kyle Kendrick ( 1 - 4 ) in the fifth to give San Diego an 8 - 5 lead . It was his third multihomer game of the season and second of his career . Derek Norris added a two - run shot off Brooks Brown in the sixth to give San Diego an 8 - 5 lead . James Shields ( 3 - 0 ) allowed five runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out seven and walked none . Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth for his eighth save in eight chances . Kyle Kendrick ( 1 - 4 ) allowed six runs and six hits in five innings , struck out two and walked none . Upton hit a two - run homer into the second deck in left field with two outs in the first to give the Padres a 2 - 1 lead . Matt Kemp was hit by a pitch with two outs and Upton followed with a shot into the second deck in left field for a 2 - 1 lead . The Rockies took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth . Arenado led off with a homer to left , his fourth . Carlos Gonzalez singled and scored on Michael McKenry 's double . The Padres tied it in the bottom of the inning when Matt Kemp was hit by a pitch , stole second and took third on Justin Upton 's double . Yangervis Solarte drove in a run with a groundout and Norris hit a two - run homer into the second deck in left field to give San Diego a 5 - 3 lead . The Rockies tied it in the fifth on Arenado 's two - run homer , his second .
CHICAGO -- Mike Fiers did n't have his best stuff . Fiers struck out a career-high 12 in six innings , and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the Chicago Cubs 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Fiers ( 1 - 3 ) allowed one run and three hits , improving to 4 - 0 in his last six starts . Ryan Braun hit a two - run homer in the first off Jake Arrieta ( 3 - 2 ) , and Jean Segura matched a career high with four hits and drove in two runs . Jake Arrieta ( 3 - 2 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Brewers jumped on Arrieta for two runs in the first . Jean Segura singled with one out and Braun drove a first-pitch fastball into the bleachers in left-center for his first homer since June 20 . Martin Maldonado singled to start the second and scored on Carlos Gomez 's two - out single . Gomez stole second and scored on Jean Segura 's single to make it 4 - 0 . Milwaukee 's Mike Fiers ( 1 - 3 ) gave up one run and three hits in six innings . He struck out a season-high 12 and walked two . Chris Denorfia singled with one out in the fifth for Chicago 's first hit and moved to second on Addison Russell 's two - out single . Pinch-hitter Welington Castillo then struck out to end the inning . Anthony Rizzo 's one - out homer in the sixth was the only run allowed by Fiers , who struck out Kris Bryant and Miguel Montero to end the inning . Gerardo Parra led off the seventh with a pinch-hit double off reliever Gonzalez Germen and moved to third on Logan Schafer 's sacrifice bunt . Parra scored on Segura 's triple into the right-field corner to make it 5 - 1 . The Brewers added an unearned run in the ninth when pinch hitter Gerardo Parra led off with a pinch-hit double and was replaced by Logan Schafer , who reached on a throwing error by Rizzo at first base . Schafer reached on first baseman Rizzo 's error , then scored when Rizzo bobbled Logan Schafer 's grounder for an error .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Tim Hudson is making a strong bid for his first major league win . Hudson pitched eight strong innings for his first win of the season , and the San Francisco Giants beat the Los Angeles Angels 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Hudson ( 1 - 2 ) allowed two hits and struck out three to win for the first time since Sept. 2 , 2007 , when he was with the Los Angeles Dodgers . The Giants scored three runs in the ninth to pull within one , but Santiago Casilla got the final out for his seventh save in nine chances . Santiago Casilla got the final out for his seventh save in nine chances . Hector Santiago ( 2 - 2 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out four . Casey McGehee had three hits and drove in a run for the Giants , who have won four of five following a five - game losing streak . Casey McGehee had three hits and drove in a run for the Giants , who won for the fourth time in five games . Mike Trout and Albert Pujols hit solo home runs for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Brandon Crawford hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot in the fourth , to put the Giants up 3 - 1 . The Giants added a run in the fifth when Justin Maxwell singled with one out and scored on McGehee 's two - out single . Albert Pujols hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Posey homered off Vinnie Pestano in the seventh to make it 5 - 2 .
PHILADELPHIA -- Max Scherzer did n't have his best stuff . Scherzer took a no-hitter into the seventh inning , and the Washington Nationals beat the Philadelphia Phillies 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Scherzer ( 9 - 5 ) allowed two runs and five hits in eight innings , striking out seven without a walk . The right-hander has allowed two runs or less in five of his last six starts . Scherzer was cruising along until the eighth , when he gave up a solo homer to Ben Revere in the bottom of the inning . Drew Storen pitched the ninth for his 22nd save in 23 chances . Aaron Harang ( 4 - 10 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Phillies have lost three straight and five of six . Nationals third baseman Yunel Escobar left the game in the first inning after being hit on the left hand by a pitch from Harang . X-rays were negative and Escobar is day to day . The Nationals took a 3 - 0 lead in the fifth . Scherzer led off with a single and advanced to second on a wild pitch . He scored on Danny Espinosa 's sacrifice fly . Harang ( 4 - 10 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in six - plus innings . He struck out five and walked one . Cesar Hernandez led off the Phillies ' seventh with a double and scored on a two - out double by Domonic Brown to make it 5 - 1 . Ben Revere hit a solo homer in the eighth for Philadelphia .
BOSTON -- David Ortiz is making a strong case to be the designated hitter . Ortiz hit a two - run homer for the Boston Red Sox in a 5 - 1 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Friday night . The Red Sox trailed 1 - 0 in the sixth when Alejandro De Aza reached on an error by Norris ( 2 - 6 ) and advanced to third on a throwing error by catcher Sandy Leon . De Aza scored on Mookie Betts ' single , and Ortiz followed with a two - run homer . Clay Buchholz ( 5 - 6 ) gave up one run and eight hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking one . Bud Norris ( 2 - 6 ) gave up five runs -- none earned -- and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Chris Parmelee doubled and scored on a single by Chris Davis . Norris was making his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained right shoulder . The Orioles have lost five of their last six games . Red Sox left fielder Hanley Ramirez left the game in the fifth inning with a strained left hamstring . He was replaced by Pablo Sandoval , who was replaced by Pablo Sandoval . Ramirez left in the fifth inning after being hit on the left hand by a pitch from Norris . He is day to day .
PITTSBURGH -- Jay Bruce has been one of the hottest hitters in the National League . Bruce homered and drove in three runs , and the Pittsburgh Pirates rallied for a 7 - 6 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Francisco Cervelli hit a three - run homer during Pittsburgh 's five - run fourth inning and Andrew McCutchen added a two - run shot as the Pirates won for the fourth time in five games . Bruce has been one of the most consistent hitters in the National League . McCutchen 's homer capped a five - run fourth inning that put the Pirates ahead 7 - 4 . Jay Bruce hit a three - run homer in the sixth for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Mark Melancon struck out the side in the ninth for his 24th save in 26 opportunities . The Reds scored three runs in the first off Pirates starter Jeff Locke . Brandon Phillips and Joey Votto singled and Todd Frazier singled to load the bases with no outs . Jay Bruce followed with an RBI single and Bruce scored on a throwing error by shortstop Jordy Mercer . The Reds made it 4 - 0 in the fourth when Billy Hamilton led off with a single , stole second and scored on a groundout by Jay Bruce . The Reds made it 4 - 0 in the fourth when Hamilton led off with a single , stole second and scored on Jay Bruce 's groundout . Smith allowed four runs and three hits in three innings , walking six and striking out three . Josh Smith gave up four runs and three hits in three innings , walking six and striking out three .
WASHINGTON -- Gio Gonzalez was n't going to let the game get away from him . Gonzalez pitched seven shutout innings , and the Washington Nationals scored nine runs in the first inning to beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 9 - 2 on Wednesday night . Gonzalez ( 5 - 4 ) gave up four hits , struck out four and walked two . Harper hit a two - run homer in a nine - run first inning against Charlie Morton ( 5 - 1 ) , who gave up nine runs and eight hits in just two - thirds of an inning . Morton ( 5 - 1 ) was charged with nine runs and eight hits in two - thirds of an inning , his shortest outing of the season . The Nationals sent 13 batters to the plate in the first . Harper hit a two - run homer and Jose Lobaton added an RBI single before Escobar 's three - run shot made it 9 - 0 . It was the first time this season the Nationals scored at least seven runs in an inning . The Nationals , who have won six of their last seven games , moved within one game of .500 for the first time this season . They have won six of their last seven overall . The Pirates have lost four straight and six of seven . The Pirates have lost four straight and six of seven . Pirates left fielder Gregory Polanco left in the top of the ninth with a strained left hamstring . He was replaced by pinch hitter Pedro Alvarez , who was replaced by Gregory Polanco in the top of the ninth . The Pirates have lost four of five .
DENVER -- Chad Bettis was n't going to let the game get away from him . The Colorado Rockies right-hander pitched effectively into the sixth inning , and the Colorado Rockies beat the Milwaukee Brewers 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Bettis ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . Adam Lind hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Brewers , who have lost five of six . The Brewers threatened in the seventh , loading the bases with one out , but Tommy Kahnle got pinch hitter Jonathan Lucroy to ground into a double play to end the threat . Ben Paulsen and Charlie Blackmon had RBI singles in the seventh off Michael Blazek to make it 5 - 1 . Kyle Lohse ( 3 - 9 ) gave up three runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Nolan Arenado led off with a double and scored on Michael McKenry 's sacrifice fly . The Rockies made it 3 - 0 in the fifth when Brandon Barnes walked , took second on a groundout and scored on Blackmon 's ninth homer of the season . Adam Lind cut the lead to 3 - 1 with a two - out homer in the sixth . The Rockies broke the game open in the seventh . Michael McKenry led off with a walk and moved to second on a sacrifice bunt by Daniel Descalso . After Brandon Barnes flied out , Paulsen scored on a single by Charlie Blackmon to make it 5 - 1 . The Brewers loaded the bases with one out in the seventh , but Tommy Kahnle got pinch hitter Jonathan Lucroy to ground into a double play .
CHICAGO -- Carlos Rodon was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Rodon pitched six strong innings to win his third straight start , and the Chicago White Sox beat the Texas Rangers 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Rodon ( 3 - 1 ) allowed two runs and four hits , struck out five and walked three . David Robertson pitched a perfect ninth for his 14th save in 18 chances . Nick Martinez ( 5 - 3 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out two . The White Sox scored three runs in the third . Adam Eaton led off with a single and Avisail Garcia followed with a single . Eaton scored on Adam LaRoche 's sacrifice fly . The Rangers cut it to 3 - 2 in the fifth on an RBI single by Carlos Corporan and a run-scoring fielder 's choice by Rougned Odor . The White Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth on a walk to Adam LaRoche , a single by Ramirez and a walk to Tyler Flowers . The White Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth on a walk to Adam LaRoche , a single by Ramirez and a walk to Tyler Flowers . But Yolmer Sanchez grounded into a fielder 's choice to second baseman Yolmer Sanchez , who threw to second for the forceout . The Rangers , who have lost six of their last seven games , fell to 0 - 4 on their 10-game homestand . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . They have won six of their last seven overall . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- Buster Posey is starting to show signs of life . Posey hit a grand slam and drove in four runs to lead the San Francisco Giants to a 9 - 5 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Friday night . Posey hit a grand slam in the third inning for the NL West-leading Giants , who won for the fourth time in five games . Posey also had a double and a single . Chris Heston ( 7 - 5 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out one and walked none . Santiago Casilla struck out Yasiel Puig for the final out for his 19th save in 20 chances . Mike Bolsinger ( 4 - 2 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out six and walked three . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Yasmani Grandal . The Giants extended their lead to 4 - 1 in the third on Justin Turner 's RBI double and Adrian Gonzalez 's RBI single . The Giants extended their lead to 5 - 3 in the sixth when Brandon Belt doubled and scored on Crawford 's double . The Giants extended their lead to 9 - 3 in the seventh against Danny Coulombe , who walked Joe Panik and Angel Pagan . Josh Ravin relieved and gave up a single to Posey . Turner homered off George Kontos in the eighth .
SEATTLE -- Felix Hernandez was n't going to let the game get away from him . Hernandez allowed four hits over eight innings , and the Seattle Mariners beat the San Francisco Giants 2 - 0 on Wednesday night . Hernandez ( 10 - 3 ) struck out five and walked two . Charlie Furbush got the last two outs of the ninth , and Carson Smith got the final out for his third save . Madison Bumgarner ( 7 - 4 ) gave up two runs and four hits in eight innings , striking out nine and walking one . The Mariners took a 2 - 0 lead in the sixth . Mike Zunino singled with one out and Austin Jackson followed with a triple into the right-field corner . Cano followed with a double into the right-field corner to score Jackson and give Seattle a 2 - 0 lead . Bumgarner struck out nine , walked one and threw a wild pitch . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . The Giants had runners on first and second with two outs in the second , but Hernandez got Brandon Belt and Casey McGehee to ground out to end the threat . The Giants did n't get a runner to second base until Brandon Belt lined out to second to start the seventh . Brandon Crawford reached on an error by shortstop Brandon Crawford , and Casey McGehee drew a two - out walk before Hernandez got Justin Maxwell to ground out to end the inning . The Giants did n't get a runner to second base until the eighth , when Joe Panik drew a one - out walk . But Angel Pagan lined out to second and Buster Posey grounded out to end the inning . Charlie Furbush got the first two outs of the ninth and Carson Smith finished for his third save in four chances . The Giants threatened in the ninth , but Brandon Belt lined out to first and Furbush struck out Brandon Crawford and Matt Duffy to end the game .
ARLINGTON , Texas ( AP ) -- Robinson Chirinos was the only player in major league history to hit a game-ending home run in the same game . Chirinos hit a leadoff homer in the ninth inning to give the Texas Rangers a 3 - 2 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Wednesday night . It was Turner 's third home run of the season and second in two days . Ravin ( 2 - 1 ) , the fourth of five Los Angeles pitchers , gave up a homer to the first batter he faced . Shawn Tolleson ( 2 - 1 ) got the last two outs of the ninth for the win . Josh Ravin ( 2 - 1 ) took the loss . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Prince Fielder walked , took third on a single by Mitch Moreland and scored on Joey Gallo 's bases-loaded walk . The Rangers made it 2 - 0 in the fifth on Prince Fielder 's two - out single that scored Hanser Alberto , who had singled . The Rangers loaded the bases with two outs in the first on a walk , a single by Kyle Blanks and a single by Mitch Moreland . Joey Gallo walked to force in a run , and Joey Gallo walked to force in a run . The Dodgers had a chance to add to their lead in the fifth when Yasmani Grandal singled and Jimmy Rollins walked with two outs . But Joc Pederson struck out to end the inning .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- The New York Yankees are on their longest winning streak of the season . John Ryan Murphy hit a tiebreaking two - run double in a four - run fifth inning , and the Yankees beat the Baltimore Orioles 5 - 3 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . New York has won four of its last five games . The Yankees won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 0 against the Orioles this season . They have won six of their last seven overall . The Orioles have lost six of their last seven games . Murphy 's two - run double off Mike Wright ( 2 - 2 ) capped a four - run fifth inning that put New York up 5 - 3 . Dellin Betances worked the ninth for his third save . Mike Wright ( 2 - 2 ) gave up five runs , six hits and three walks in four - plus innings . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Brett Gardner singled and scored on a two - out double by Mark Teixeira . Baltimore went up 2 - 1 in the bottom half when Manny Machado singled and scored on a two - out single by Nolan Reimold . New York tied it in the second on a single by Stephen Drew , a single by Stephen Drew and a single by Didi Gregorius . Murphy singled to load the bases before Gardner hit a sacrifice fly . New York went up 3 - 2 in the fourth when Nolan Reimold walked , took second on a single by Didi Gregorius and scored on a two - out double by Caleb Joseph .
PITTSBURGH -- Josh Harrison was n't sure what to expect when he came to the plate . Harrison singled in the winning run with two outs in the 11th inning to lift the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 1 - 0 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Wednesday night . Harrison had two hits and drove in a run . Jonathan Papelbon ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss . Neil Walker singled with two outs in the 11th off Papelbon ( 1 - 1 ) and went to third on a throwing error by shortstop Freddy Galvis . Jose Tabata pinch hit for Josh Harrison and reached on an error by shortstop Freddy Galvis . Antonio Bastardo ( 2 - 1 ) pitched the 11th for the win . Sean Rodriguez led off the bottom of the ninth with a single against Luis Garcia and moved to second on Francisco Cervelli 's sacrifice bunt . After Polanco was intentionally walked , Garcia struck out Neil Walker and Pedro Alvarez to end the inning . Jonathan Papelbon ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss . Phillies starter Cole Hamels struck out a career-high 12 in seven shutout innings . He allowed four hits and one walk . Hamels struck out a season-high 12 , walked one and threw 73 of his 102 pitches for strikes . He threw 73 of his 102 pitches for strikes while lowering his ERA to 2.96 . The Phillies were shut out for the fifth time this season and have scored one run or less in five of their last six games . The Pirates have won four of their last five games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have won five of their last six games . The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . They
ARLINGTON , Minnesota ( AP ) -- The Minnesota Twins have been in first place in the AL Central since the All-Star break . Eddie Rosario hit a tiebreaking RBI double in the ninth inning , and the Twins beat the Texas Rangers 4 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Twins , who have the best record in the American League , have won six of their last seven games . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . Eduardo Escobar led off the ninth with a double off Rangers closer Shawn Tolleson ( 1 - 1 ) . Byron Buxton then hit a grounder to third baseman Trevor Plouffe , who threw out Eduardo Escobar at the plate to end the inning . Glen Perkins pitched a perfect ninth for his 22nd save in as many chances . Eduardo Escobar tripled and scored on Shane Robinson 's triple in the sixth to tie it at 3 . Brian Dozier led off the game with a homer for the Twins , and Eddie Rosario and Eduardo Nunez had RBI doubles in the first for the Twins . Joey Gallo led off the Rangers ' second with his 15th homer , and Leonys Martin had a solo shot to tie it at 2 . The Rangers tied it in the fifth when Hanser Alberto doubled and scored on Fielder 's line drive to center . Nunez tripled and scored on Robinson 's triple to tie it at 3 in the sixth . Hughes allowed three runs and nine hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked one .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Chase Anderson did n't have his best stuff . Anderson pitched one - hit ball for seven shutout innings , leading the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 1 - 0 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Friday night . Anderson ( 2 - 1 ) struck out two and walked one to win for the first time in three starts this season . Brad Ziegler pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth for his seventh save in nine chances . Madison Bumgarner ( 7 - 3 ) gave up one run on nine hits in eight innings , striking out seven and walking three . The Giants lost for the fourth time in five games . Bumgarner struck out seven and walked three in his third complete game of the season . Welington Castillo had three hits for the Diamondbacks , including a leadoff single in the second . Inciarte singled home Welington Castillo for a 1 - 0 lead . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the third but failed to score . Chris Owings lined out to second baseman Chris Owings , who threw to second to force Paul Goldschmidt at the plate . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the third but failed to score . Chris Owings lined out to second baseman Chris Owings , who threw out Goldschmidt at the plate to end the inning . Buster Posey singled with one out in the seventh for the Giants ' first hit . Matt Duffy led off the eighth with a single off Daniel Hudson and moved to second on a wild pitch . But Hudson struck out Justin Maxwell and got pinch-hitter Casey McGehee to ground into a fielder 's choice .
MIAMI -- Giancarlo Stanton has been one of the most dangerous hitters in the majors . Stanton hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs , and the Miami Marlins beat the Colorado Rockies 6 - 0 on Friday night . Stanton hit a three - run homer in the first inning off Chris Rusin ( 2 - 1 ) , who gave up six runs and 11 hits in 5 1/3 innings . Stanton 's homer was his first since May 8 . Baker 's homer in the fifth inning was the first of his career . Phelps ( 3 - 3 ) struck out six , walked one and lowered his ERA to 4.11 . Chris Rusin ( 2 - 1 ) gave up six runs and 11 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out one , walked two and hit a batter . The Rockies fell to 1 - 5 on their homestand and fell to 1 - 5 on their homestand . Stanton 's homer came in the first inning , when he drove a 3 - 1 pitch into the Marlins ' bullpen in left-center field for a 3 - 0 lead . Adeiny Hechavarria singled with one out in the second , stole second and scored on Christian Yelich 's two - out triple . Giancarlo Stanton followed with an RBI single to make it 5 - 0 . Baker homered in the fifth to make it 6 - 0 . The Rockies threatened in the eighth . Charlie Blackmon was hit by a pitch , D. J. LeMahieu singled to put runners at the corners , but Troy Tulowitzki flied out to end the inning .
CINCINNATI -- Ivan De Jesus Jr. is making the most of his opportunity . De Jesus hit a three - run homer , and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Philadelphia Phillies 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . De Jesus hit a three - run homer in the first inning off Jerome Williams ( 3 - 6 ) , who has been bothered by a sore left knee . De Jesus hit a three - run homer in his first at-bat of the season . Jon Moscot ( 1 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out two . Aroldis Chapman pitched the ninth for his 12th save in 13 chances . Jerome Williams ( 3 - 6 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings , dropping to 0 - 3 in his last four starts . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . Reds shortstop Zack Cozart left the game in the first inning with a strained left hamstring . He was hit by a pitch from Williams . He was replaced by Skip Schumaker . The Phillies had a runner on third with one out in the second , but Maikel Franco grounded out and Ryan Howard scored on Cameron Rupp 's single . The Phillies cut it to 4 - 2 in the fourth on a two - out single by Cesar Hernandez , a double by Cameron Rupp and an RBI double by Cameron Rupp . Brayan Pena 's RBI single off Elvis Araujo in the seventh made it 5 - 2 .
NEW YORK -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting all season to celebrate . Denard Span drove in the go-ahead run with a two - out single in the 11th inning , and the Washington Nationals rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the New York Yankees on Tuesday night . The Nationals won for the 10th time in 12 games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time since 2005 , when they won the World Series . Tyler Moore led off the eighth with a single against Chris Capuano ( 0 - 4 ) and advanced to third on a groundout by Danny Espinosa . Jacob Lindgren came on to face Span , who drove a 1 - 2 pitch to right-center for his third hit of the game . Tyler Moore led off the 11th with a single against Capuano ( 0 - 4 ) and advanced to second on a sacrifice bunt by Danny Espinosa . Span then lined a 1 - 2 pitch to right field . Drew Storen pitched a perfect 11th for his 19th save in 21 chances . The Yankees scored four times in the seventh to take a 4 - 2 lead . Chris Young led off with a single and scored on Brendan Ryan 's one - out triple . Felipe Vazquez relieved Gonzalez and gave up an RBI double to Alex Rodriguez that tied it at 4 . Jacob Lindgren came in and hit Mark Teixeira with a pitch to load the bases , and McCann lined an RBI single to right . Espinosa hit a two - out homer in the fifth off Nathan Eovaldi , who allowed three runs and eight hits in seven innings . Danny Espinosa hit a solo homer in the third , and Denard Span had an RBI double in the third for the Nationals . Danny Espinosa hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Nationals .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- Alex Gordon has been one of the hottest hitters in the American League . Gordon hit a three - run homer and the Kansas City Royals beat the Minnesota Twins 7 - 2 on Friday night for their fifth straight victory . Gordon 's three - run homer in the first inning off Kyle Gibson ( 4 - 4 ) gave the Royals a 4 - 0 lead . Gordon 's homer was his first since May 8 . Edinson Volquez ( 5 - 4 ) gave up one run and six hits in seven innings , striking out six and walking three . Kyle Gibson ( 4 - 4 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . Gordon 's three - run homer capped a four - run first inning for the Royals , who have won six of their last seven games . The Royals added an unearned run in the fifth when Alcides Escobar singled with one out and scored when right fielder Torii Hunter dropped Mike Moustakas ' fly ball for a two - base error . Trevor Plouffe 's RBI single made it 4 - 1 in the third , but Torii Hunter grounded out with the bases loaded to end the inning . The Royals tacked on two more runs in the seventh off reliever J. R. Graham . Salvador Perez led off with a single and Omar Infante reached on a fielding error by first baseman Joe Mauer . Mike Moustakas singled in Salvador Perez , and Lorenzo Cain drove in Omar Infante with a fielder 's choice grounder . Plouffe led off the eighth with a homer off Luke Hochevar , who was making his major league debut . Plouffe led off the eighth with a homer off Luke Hochevar to make it 7 - 2 .
NEW YORK -- Chris Heston had a no-hitter going into the All-Star break . Heston struck out a career-high 11 in his first career complete game , and the San Francisco Giants beat the New York Mets 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Heston ( 6 - 4 ) retired the last 13 batters he faced and struck out a season-high 11 in his second shutout of the season . He walked none and struck out a season-high 11 in his second shutout of the season . Anthony Recker was hit by a pitch to open the bottom of the ninth , but he was thrown out trying to steal second . Pinch-hitter Danny Muno struck out , Curtis Granderson struck out and Ruben Tejada struck out to end the game . The Mets have lost six of their last seven games . Heston ( 6 - 4 ) struck out pinch hitter Danny Muno looking in the ninth , then fanned Ruben Tejada to end the game . Syndergaard ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out two . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Nori Aoki singled , Joe Panik singled and Angel Pagan drove in a run with a fielder 's choice . Buster Posey led off the fourth with a single and moved to third on Brandon Crawford 's one - out single . Syndergaard then retired Matt Duffy on a liner to second . Heston then struck out Nori Aoki to end the inning . Duffy led off the sixth with a drive into the left-field seats for his sixth homer of the season and second in two games . Panik homered in the seventh off Dillon Gee , who was making his second big league appearance . He was called up from Triple-A Las Vegas earlier in the day . Panik homered leading off the seventh against Dillon Gee , who was making his major league debut .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- The Atlanta Braves have a knack for winning . Joey Terdoslavich hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth inning , and the Braves rallied to beat the San Diego Padres 6 - 5 on Wednesday night . The Braves , who have the worst record in the majors , have won six of their last seven games . The Braves trailed 5 - 0 before scoring five runs in the sixth . Jace Peterson led off with a double and scored on a throwing error by second baseman Cory Spangenberg . Joaquin Benoit ( 4 - 3 ) gave up a leadoff homer to pinch-hitter Joey Terdoslavich in the eighth . Jim Johnson ( 2 - 3 ) earned the win with a scoreless eighth . Jason Grilli pitched the ninth for his 16th save in 18 chances . He gave up a one - out double to Alonso and a two - out walk to Cory Spangenberg before striking out Clint Barmes . The Braves trailed 5 - 0 before scoring five runs in the sixth . Jace Peterson led off with a double , moved to third on Freddie Freeman 's single and scored on Nick Markakis ' grounder to shortstop . Dale Thayer replaced Shields and walked Juan Uribe to load the bases before Dale Thayer recorded the final two outs of the inning . Braves starter Mike Foltynewicz gave up 12 hits and five runs in 5 2/3 innings . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Cory Spangenberg scored on Clint Barmes ' double . Venable led off the third with a homer to left field . Venable led off the third with a homer to left field , his ninth of the season and second in two games . He also hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning of a 6 - 5 win over the Braves on Friday night .
CLEVELAND -- Roenis Elias did n't have his best stuff . Elias pitched six strong innings to help the Seattle Mariners beat the Cleveland Indians 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Elias ( 3 - 3 ) gave up one run and five hits , striking out three and walking two . Carson Smith gave up a leadoff homer to Yan Gomes in the ninth but held on for his second save . Corey Kluber ( 3 - 7 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Indians , who have lost four of five , fell to 1 - 5 on their 10-game trip . Kluber has been one of the few bright spots for the AL Central leaders , who have lost four of five . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Robinson Cano . Brad Miller singled with one out in the second , stole second and scored on Morrison 's double . Yan Gomes hit two home runs for Cleveland , including a leadoff shot in the second . Gomes ' second homer gave Cleveland a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth . The Mariners added a run in the eighth off Nick Hagadone . Ackley walked and Kyle Seager doubled off the wall in right . Ackley scored on Seth Smith 's single off Zach McAllister .
CLEVELAND -- The Baltimore Orioles had to wait a little longer . Matt Wieters hit a leadoff homer in the ninth inning and the Orioles beat the Cleveland Indians 7 - 3 on Sunday to complete a three - game sweep . The Orioles have won four of their last five . Bud Norris ( 2 - 4 ) gave up one run and four hits in five innings , striking out seven and walking two . Carlos Carrasco ( 7 - 5 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in four - plus innings . Jones ' homer in the first inning gave Baltimore a 1 - 0 lead . The Orioles loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth on a single by Jimmy Paredes , a single by J. J. Hardy and a walk to Ryan Flaherty . Manny Machado then hit an RBI single , and Travis Snider hit a two - run single to make it 4 - 0 . Brandon Moss ' RBI double made it 4 - 1 in the fourth , but the Indians did n't get another runner as far as third base . Wieters led off the fifth with a triple off Chaz Roe and scored on Chris Davis ' sacrifice fly . The Indians loaded the bases with one out in the seventh against Chaz Roe , but failed to score . Ryan Raburn 's groundout scored Aviles . Wieters homered off Zach McAllister in the ninth .
DENVER ( AP ) -- The Miami Marlins had a lot to do with it . Christian Friedrich pitched a perfect ninth inning , Giancarlo Stanton homered and the Marlins beat the Colorado Rockies 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Marlins won for the fourth time in five games . Tom Koehler ( 4 - 3 ) gave up one run and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . A. J. Ramos pitched the ninth for his sixth save in seven chances . Eddie Butler ( 3 - 6 ) gave up six runs and 11 hits in 5 1/3 innings . The Marlins took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on RBI singles by J. T. Realmuto and Tom Koehler and a run-scoring groundout by Tom Koehler . Stanton 's homer made it 3 - 0 in the third . The Marlins added a run in the fifth when Martin Prado led off with a single and scored on Adeiny Hechavarria 's single . Gordon added an RBI double off Tommy Kahnle to make it 6 - 0 . The Rockies made it 6 - 1 in the sixth on a single by Tulowitzki , who had three hits . Troy Tulowitzki singled off Vin Mazzaro in the eighth and scored on Arenado 's sacrifice fly .
HOUSTON -- The Baltimore Orioles have n't had a winning record since the All-Star break . Adam Jones hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth inning and the Orioles beat the Houston Astros 3 - 2 on Tuesday night to end a four - game losing streak . The Orioles have won six of their last seven games . Orioles starter Wei-Yin Chen allowed five hits and two runs with nine strikeouts in 6 1/3 innings . Darren O'Day ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win . Manny Machado led off the eighth with a single against Chad Qualls ( 1 - 3 ) and went to second on a double by Hank Conger before scoring on a two - out single by Chris Davis . Darren O'Day ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win and Zach Britton got five outs for his 14th save . Houston starter Dallas Keuchel allowed six hits and two runs with seven strikeouts in six innings . Houston starter Dallas Keuchel yielded six hits and two runs with seven strikeouts in six innings . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Chris Davis . Hank Conger tied it in the third with a leadoff homer to left field . Evan Gattis singled with one out in the fourth before a double by Chris Carter . Gattis scored on a sacrifice fly by Luis Valbuena to push the lead to 2 - 1 . Adam Jones singled with one out in the sixth and scored on a single by Steve Pearce to tie it at 2 .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Cincinnati Reds have been waiting all season long . Brandon Phillips had three hits and Billy Hamilton drove in two runs , leading the Reds to a 6 - 4 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Friday night . The Reds won for the fourth time in five games . Anthony DeSclafani ( 4 - 4 ) gave up four runs and six hits in seven innings . Aroldis Chapman pitched a perfect ninth for his 10th save in 12 chances . Aaron Harang ( 4 - 6 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked five and struck out one . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Brandon Phillips led off with a single and scored on Frazier 's one - out double . The Phillies answered with two runs in the bottom half . Ben Revere led off with a triple and scored on Jeff Francoeur 's groundout . Chase Utley followed with a double and scored on Maikel Franco 's two - out double . The Reds regained the lead in the fifth . Skip Schumaker walked to lead off the inning and scored on Brandon Phillips ' double to left . Joey Votto was intentionally walked to load the bases . Jake Diekman came in and got Joey Votto to ground into a double play . The Phillies got two runs back in the eighth on Ben Revere 's RBI double and Chase Utley 's sacrifice fly off Tony Cingrani . The Phillies got two runs back in the eighth on Ben Revere 's RBI double and Chase Utley 's sacrifice fly .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Philadelphia Phillies have been waiting all season long . Maikel Franco hit a tying , three - run homer in the bottom of the 11th inning to lift the Phillies to a 5 - 4 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Wednesday night . The NL East-leading Phillies won for the fifth time in six games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . They have won six of their last seven games . The Phillies scored three runs in the ninth to tie it at 4 . Pinch-hitter Ben Revere started the rally with a single off Ryan Mattheus ( 0 - 1 ) and advanced to third when right fielder Jay Bruce bobbled the ball for an error . Revere scored on Chase Utley 's sacrifice fly . Ryan Howard walked to load the bases . Luis Garcia ( 2 - 1 ) retired Zack Cozart on a grounder to third and struck out Skip Schumaker to end the threat . The Phillies had runners on first and third with no outs in the 11th but failed to score . Chase Utley hit a sacrifice fly off Aroldis Chapman to cut it to 4 - 1 . Ryan Howard walked and Maikel Franco hit a three - run homer off Aroldis Chapman to tie it at 4 . Chapman had n't allowed a run in his last 12 appearances . Votto hit a two - run homer off Jake Diekman in the ninth to give the Reds a 4 - 0 lead . Hamels allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked three . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Tucker Barnhart drew a one - out walk and Billy Hamilton reached on an error by second baseman Todd Frazier . Phillips then lined a two - run single to right to make it 2 - 0 . Hamels struck out eight and walked three in seven innings .
HOUSTON -- Lance McCullers has n't allowed a run in his first two major league starts . The Houston right-hander struck out a season-high 11 in a four - hitter , leading the Astros to a 3 - 1 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Friday night . McCullers ( 2 - 0 ) allowed four hits and one run in his second career complete game and second this season . McCullers retired Manny Machado on a popup to start the ninth before Adam Jones singled with two outs . He struck out Chris Davis to end the game . Chris Carter hit two home runs for Houston , including a solo shot in the fifth inning . Miguel Gonzalez ( 5 - 4 ) allowed four hits and three runs with eight strikeouts in 6 2/3 innings . Carter 's first home run came with two outs in the second inning to put Houston up 1 - 0 . Adam Jones hit a one - out triple in the fourth and scored on a single by Delmon Young to tie it at 1 . Carter 's first home run of the season came with one out in the fifth inning to put Houston up 2 - 1 . Springer made it 3 - 1 with a solo homer in the sixth inning . McCullers retired the first 10 batters he faced before Adam Jones singled with two outs in the eighth inning . Adam Jones singled with two outs in the ninth before McCullers struck out Chris Davis .
DENVER -- Alex Guerrero 's first grand slam was a memorable one . Guerrero hit his first career grand slam in the ninth inning , and the Los Angeles Dodgers rallied to beat the Colorado Rockies 9 - 8 on Tuesday night . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games . Guerrero hit a 1 - 2 pitch from Rafael Betancourt ( 2 - 2 ) over the wall in center for his second homer of the season . Alberto Callaspo , Jimmy Rollins and Chris Heisey opened the inning with singles off Betancourt ( 2 - 2 ) . Tommy Kahnle came in and struck out pinch hitter Justin Turner before Guerrero drove a 1 - 2 offering into the left-field bleachers for his first homer of the season . Guerrero 's homer was his second in two games . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth for his fifth save in five chances , striking out Ben Paulsen with the tying run at third to end the game . Troy Tulowitzki hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Rockies , who have lost five of six . The Rockies trailed 4 - 3 when Ben Paulsen singled with two outs in the sixth and scored on Nick Hundley 's double . Brandon Barnes added an RBI single to make it 5 - 4 . The Dodgers tied it at 5 in the seventh on a two - out triple by Joc Pederson . Rockies starter David Hale gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five without a walk . Hernandez gave the Dodgers a 1 - 0 lead in the first with his first home run of the season . The Dodgers made it 4 - 0 in the third on back-to-back homers by Pederson and Gonzalez . The Rockies got two back in the bottom of the inning on a sacrifice fly by Charlie Blackmon and a run-scoring single by LeMahieu .
MIAMI -- Brad Hand 's first major league win was a memorable one . Hand allowed two runs in six innings , and the Miami Marlins beat the Chicago Cubs 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Marcell Ozuna hit a two - out , three - run double in the fifth to give the Marlins a 4 - 2 lead . Hand ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs and six hits . He walked two and struck out two . A. J. Ramos pitched the ninth for his fifth save in seven chances , striking out Miguel Montero with runners at the corners to end the game . Kyle Hendricks ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Marlins went ahead 4 - 2 in the fifth on a single by Brad Hand , a single by Dee Gordon and a walk to Martin Prado . Hendricks then struck out Giancarlo Stanton and got Justin Bour to foul out before Ozuna 's double . Stanton hit a solo homer off Zac Rosscup in the seventh to make it 5 - 2 . The Cubs took a 2 - 1 lead in the third . Dexter Fowler singled with one out and scored on Rizzo 's two - out double . Junior Lake followed with a double to center , scoring Rizzo for a 2 - 1 lead . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Ozuna led off with a single , moved to second on Christian Yelich 's groundout and scored on Adeiny Hechavarria 's double . The Cubs took a 2 - 1 lead in the third . Dexter Fowler singled and scored on Rizzo 's two - out double . Junior Lake followed with a double to center , scoring Rizzo for a 2 - 1 lead . The Cubs went 1 for 9 with runners in scoring position .
DETROIT -- Ben Zobrist is making a strong case to stay in the Home Run Derby . Zobrist hit a grand slam to cap a five - run seventh inning and the Oakland Athletics beat the Detroit Tigers 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Zobrist hit his first career grand slam to cap a four - run rally in the seventh inning that gave Oakland a 5 - 3 lead . It was his first career grand slam and the first grand slam by a A 's player this season . Ben Zobrist also homered for the A 's , who won for the fourth time in five games . Alfredo Simon ( 5 - 3 ) allowed four runs and four hits in 6 1/3 innings , walking five and striking out six . He was replaced by Angel Nesbitt after Brett Lawrie led off the seventh with a single . Kendall Graveman ( 3 - 2 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings . Tyler Clippard pitched the ninth for his eighth save in nine chances . Alfredo Simon ( 5 - 3 ) gave up four runs and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out six . The Tigers have lost five of their last six games . The A 's loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth on a walk to Josh Reddick and consecutive walks to Josh Reddick and Max Muncy . Simon escaped the jam by getting Marcus Semien to fly out . The Tigers took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth . Miguel Cabrera and Yoenis Cespedes led off with singles , and Cabrera scored on a wild pitch . Simon walked Josh Reddick and Max Muncy with two outs in the fourth , but Semien flied out to end the inning .
BOSTON ( AP ) -- The Boston Red Sox are on a roll . Blake Swihart scored the go-ahead run on a wild pitch in the eighth inning and the Red Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Red Sox won for the fourth time in five games and improved to a season-high 10 games over .500 . Napoli hit a two - run homer off Jake McGee ( 0 - 1 ) in the seventh to give the Red Sox a 6 - 5 lead . Blake Swihart doubled off Brandon Gomes with one out in the eighth and scored on Gomes ' wild pitch . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth for his 23rd save . Mike Napoli hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Red Sox . Tampa Bay starter Erasmo Ramirez allowed four runs -- one earned -- on five hits and two walks , striking out six in six innings . The Red Sox took a 3 - 1 lead in the first when Xander Bogaerts reached on an error by second baseman Tim Beckham and scored on Alejandro De Aza 's single . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Brandon Guyer scored on a fielder 's choice by Joey Butler . The Red Sox loaded the bases with one out in the bottom of the first , but failed to score . Alejandro De Aza singled in a run , Rusney Castillo reached on a fielder 's choice and Swihart singled in two runs . The Rays cut it to 3 - 2 in the second when Mikie Mahtook doubled and scored on Souza 's single .
HOUSTON -- Jason Castro was n't sure if he 'd ever hit a home run in his first major league at-bat . The Houston catcher was n't sure if he 'd ever hit one . Castro hit a three - run homer with two outs in the ninth inning to lift the Astros to a 3 - 0 win over the Los Angeles Angels on Friday night . It was Castro 's second homer of the season and the 10th of his career . Jed Lowrie drew a one - out walk in the ninth from Jose Alvarez ( 2 - 2 ) and advanced to second on a two - out single by Marwin Gonzalez . Fernando Salas came on to face Castro , who hit a 1 - 2 pitch into the seats in right field to give Houston a 3 - 0 lead . Luke Gregerson ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Houston starter Scott Kazmir allowed three hits and struck out five in 7 2/3 scoreless innings . Angels starter Matt Shoemaker gave up three hits and struck out seven in seven shutout innings . Shoemaker did n't allow a runner to reach second base until the eighth inning . Johnny Giavotella led off the eighth with a single to center and advanced to second on Taylor Featherston 's sacrifice bunt . Kazmir walked Shane Victorino and threw a wild pitch to put runners at second and third before Kazmir struck out Kole Calhoun and Mike Trout to end the inning . Johnny Giavotella led off the eighth with a single and advanced to second on Taylor Featherston 's sacrifice bunt . Kazmir walked Shane Victorino and threw a wild pitch to put runners at second and third before Kazmir struck out Kole Calhoun and Mike Trout to end the inning . Jake Marisnick reached on an error by shortstop Erick Aybar to start the eighth inning before Jose Altuve grounded into a double play . Preston Tucker then singled with two outs , but Carlos Correa flied out to end the inning . Jake Marisnick reached on an error by shortstop Erick Aybar to start the eighth inning before Jose Altuve grounded into a double play . Preston Tucker singled with two outs before Carlos Correa flied out to end the inning . Jake Marisnick reached on an error by shortstop Erick Aybar to start the eighth inning before Jose Altuve grounded into a double play . Preston Tucker then singled with two outs , but Carlos Correa flied out to end the inning . Jake Marisnick reached on an error by shortstop Erick Aybar to start the eighth inning before Jose Altuve grounded into a double play . Preston Tucker singled with two outs , but Carlos Correa flied out to end the inning . Jake Marisnick reached on an error by shortstop Erick Aybar to start the eighth inning before Jose Altuve grounded into a double play . Preston Tucker then singled with two outs , but Carlos Correa flied out to end the inning . Jake Marisnick reached on an error by shortstop Erick Aybar to start the eighth inning before Jose Altuve grounded into a double play . Preston Tucker then singled with two outs , but Carlos Correa flied out to end the inning . Jake Marisnick reached on an error by shortstop Erick Aybar to start the eighth inning before Jose Altuve grounded into a double play . Preston Tucker then singled with two outs , but Carlos Correa flied out to end the inning . Jake Marisnick reached on an error by shortstop Erick Aybar to start the eighth inning before Jose Altuve grounded into a double play . Preston Tucker then singled with two outs , but Carlos Correa flied out to end the inning . Jake Marisnick reached on an error by shortstop Erick Aybar to start the eighth inning before Jose Altuve grounded into a double play . Preston Tucker then singled with two outs , but Carlos Correa flied out to end the inning . Jake Marisnick reached on an error by shortstop Erick Aybar to start the eighth inning before Jose Altuve grounded into a double play . Preston Tucker then singled with two outs , but Carlos Correa flied out to end the inning . Jake Marisnick reached on an error by shortstop Erick Aybar to start the eighth inning before Jose Altuve grounded into a double play . Preston Tucker then singled with two outs , but Carlos Correa flied out to end the inning . Jake Marisnick reached on an error by shortstop Erick Aybar to start the eighth inning before Jose Altuve grounded into a double play . Preston Tucker then singled with two outs , but Carlos Correa flied out to end the inning . Jake Marisnick reached on an error by shortstop Erick Aybar to start the eighth inning before Jose Altuve grounded into a double play . Preston Tucker then singled with two outs , but Carlos Correa flied out to end the inning . Jake Marisnick reached on an error by shortstop Erick Aybar to start the eighth inning before Jose Altuve grounded into a double play . Preston Tucker then singled with two outs , but Carlos Correa flied out to end the inning . Jake Marisnick reached on an error by shortstop Erick Aybar to start the eighth inning before Jose Altuve grounded into a double play . Preston Tucker then singled with two outs , but Carlos Correa flied out to end the inning . Jake Marisnick reached on an error by shortstop Erick Aybar to start the eighth inning before Jose Altuve grounded into a double play . Preston Tucker then singled with two outs before Kazmir retired
SAN FRANCISCO -- Matt Duffy 's first home run in more than a year , a two - run shot in the third put the game out of reach . Matt Duffy hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs to lead the San Francisco Giants to a 4 - 3 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Friday night . Duffy 's two - run homer in the first inning was the first of his career and the first by a Giants player since the All-Star break for the first time in his career . Duffy 's home run was his fourth of the season and second in two days . The Giants won for the fourth time in five games . Tim Hudson ( 6 - 8 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out one and did n't walk a batter . Santiago Casilla pitched the ninth for his 26th save in 30 chances . Kendall Graveman ( 6 - 7 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 1 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Duffy 's two - run homer in the first inning was the first of his career . Josh Reddick led off the second with a double and scored on a wild pitch to make it 3 - 1 . The A 's made it 4 - 3 in the fourth on Brett Lawrie 's RBI single and Billy Butler 's RBI single . Oakland cut it to 4 - 3 in the fourth on Brett Lawrie 's RBI single and Billy Butler 's RBI single .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Matt Wisler has been one of the best pitchers in the majors . The Atlanta Braves ' rookie right-hander won his fifth straight start , allowing two runs in seven innings to lead the Atlanta Braves to a 3 - 2 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Friday night . Wisler ( 5 - 1 ) gave up two runs and seven hits . He struck out three and walked three . Jim Johnson worked the ninth for his ninth save in 12 chances . Michael Wacha ( 11 - 4 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked three . The Cardinals have lost four of five . Wacha has been one of the few bright spots for the NL Central leaders , who have lost four of five . The Braves scored twice in the second on Ryan Lavarnway 's RBI double and Cameron Maybin 's RBI single . The Cardinals cut the deficit to 2 - 1 on Stephen Piscotty 's RBI single in the fourth . Kolten Wong had a leadoff double in the fifth and scored on Holliday 's double to tie it at 2 . Garcia led off the sixth with his second homer of the season to put the Braves up 3 - 2 . Garcia led off the sixth with his second homer of the season to put the Braves up 3 - 2 . Garcia led off the sixth with his second homer of the season to put the Braves up 3 - 2 .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) -- Jake Peavy is making a strong case for a spot in the rotation . Peavy won for the first time in more than a month and the San Francisco Giants beat the Oakland Athletics 9 - 3 on Wednesday night . Peavy ( 2 - 4 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings , struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Buster Posey hit a sacrifice fly in the first inning and Hunter Pence added an RBI double to help the Giants snap a four - game losing streak . Jesse Chavez ( 5 - 10 ) was tagged for eight hits and four runs in three - plus innings . He walked two and struck out one . Chavez was tagged for eight hits and four runs in three - plus innings . He walked two and struck out one . Buster Posey hit a sacrifice fly and Pence followed with an RBI double in the first to give the Giants a 2 - 0 lead . Sam Fuld doubled leading off the third and scored on Billy Burns ' groundout to make it 4 - 1 . The Giants added two runs in the fifth on Pence 's RBI double and Belt 's run-scoring double off Eric O'Flaherty . Ben Zobrist hit a solo homer in the seventh for Oakland , and Billy Butler had three hits for the A 's . Ben Zobrist hit a solo homer in the seventh for Oakland , and Billy Butler had three hits for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Belt 's two - run single off Edward Mujica in the eighth made it 7 - 3 .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Tampa Bay Rays are on a roll . Tim Beckham hit a two - out , two - run single in the eighth inning and the Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 3 - 1 on Wednesday night . The Rays , who have the best record in the majors , have won six of their last seven overall . The Rays have won six of their last seven games , including three in a row against the Orioles , who have won six of their last seven overall . Beckham 's two - out , two - run single off Darren O'Day ( 5 - 1 ) gave the Rays a 3 - 1 lead in the eighth . Alex Colome ( 4 - 4 ) pitched the eighth for the win . Jake McGee pitched the ninth for his fifth save . Baltimore starter Chris Tillman gave up one run and two hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Manny Machado led off with a single and scored on Davis ' one - out double . J. J. Hardy singled to put runners at first and third with one out , but Travis Snider grounded into an inning-ending double play . Evan Longoria hit a one - out double in the fourth for the Rays ' first hit off Chris Tillman . Baltimore starter Chris Tillman hit Tim Beckham with a pitch to open the seventh , but got Jake Elmore to hit into a double play . Tillman hit Tim Beckham with a pitch to open the seventh , but got Jake Elmore to hit into a double play . The right-hander gave up one run and two hits in seven innings . The Rays threatened in the seventh when Jake Elmore hit into a double play .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Randal Grichuk is making the most of his opportunity . Grichuk homered and drove in two runs , and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Atlanta Braves 4 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Grichuk was activated from the 15-day disabled list before the game after recovering from a strained right oblique muscle . He was activated from the 15-day disabled list before the game . The Cardinals have won six of their last seven games . Cooney ( 1 - 0 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Kevin Siegrist worked the ninth for his fifth save in seven chances . Manny Banuelos ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked three . The Braves have lost four of five . Grichuk hit a two - run homer in the second for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Matt Carpenter doubled with two outs in the third and scored on Jhonny Peralta 's single to make it 3 - 0 . The Cardinals made it 4 - 0 in the fourth when Randal Grichuk singled , stole second and scored on Reynolds ' single . The Braves scored twice in the sixth . Andrelton Simmons led off with a single and scored on Cameron Maybin 's double . Maybin advanced to third on a groundout and scored on a wild pitch by Cooney .
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) -- Matt Kemp is making a strong case to stay in the big leagues . Kemp homered for the first time in more than a year and the San Diego Padres beat the Miami Marlins 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Kemp hit a solo shot in the fifth inning to help Andrew Cashner ( 4 - 10 ) win for the first time in four starts . The right-hander allowed one run and five hits in seven innings , struck out five and walked one . Kemp was activated from the 15-day disabled list before the game after being sidelined by a strained right hamstring . Alonso and Kemp hit back-to-back homers in the fifth inning off Dan Haren ( 7 - 6 ) , who allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings , struck out three and walked none . Andrew Cashner ( 4 - 10 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings , struck out five and walked one . Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth for his 27th save in 29 chances . Dan Haren ( 7 - 6 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in six innings , struck out three and walked none . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Ichiro Suzuki drew a leadoff walk , stole second and scored on Justin Bour 's two - out double . The Padres loaded the bases with two outs in the second , but Haren struck out Andrew Cashner to end the inning . Wallace led off the fourth with a homer to tie the score at 1 . The Padres had runners on second and third with no outs in the sixth , but failed to score when Melvin Upton Jr. hit into a double play .
PHOENIX -- The last time Mat Latos was on the mound , he was n't going to let the game get away . Latos pitched seven innings of four - hit ball , and the Miami Marlins beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 3 - 0 on Friday night . Latos ( 4 - 6 ) struck out seven and walked one . A. J. Ramos pitched the ninth for his 15th save in 18 tries . Jeremy Hellickson ( 6 - 6 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked none . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . Hellickson gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings , striking out six without a walk . J. T. Realmuto doubled with two outs in the fifth for the Marlins ' first hit , then stole third and scored on Adeiny Hechavarria 's single to right . Morse led off the seventh with a homer to left , his fourth of the season . Matt Stites gave up a leadoff single to Miguel Rojas in the eighth , then Ichiro Suzuki reached on a fielder 's choice . Suzuki advanced to second on Martin Prado 's groundout and scored on Christian Yelich 's single to center . Latos retired the first two batters in the fifth , then gave up a two - out single to A. J. Pollock , then got Chris Owings to fly out to end the inning . The Diamondbacks were shut out for the fifth time this season , matching their total from last season .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Jon Lester was n't going to let the game get away from him . Lester pitched two - hit ball for 7 1/3 innings and the Chicago Cubs beat the Atlanta Braves 4 - 0 on Wednesday night . Lester ( 5 - 8 ) gave up two hits and one walk with seven strikeouts in 7 1/3 innings . He lowered his ERA to 3.37 . The Cubs won for the eighth time in nine games and improved to 5 - 0 against the Braves this season . The Braves have lost four straight and six of seven . Manny Banuelos ( 1 - 1 ) gave up six hits and two runs , one earned , with three walks and four strikeouts in 4 2/3 innings . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Kris Bryant singled with two outs and scored on Rizzo 's single to right . Chris Denorfia led off the fourth with a double and scored on Castro 's single . The Cubs added two runs in the ninth off Ryan Kelly . Addison Russell singled , Dexter Fowler walked and Kris Bryant hit a grounder to third baseman Juan Uribe , who threw home to force Russell at second . Fowler scored , and Rizzo followed with an RBI single to make it 4 - 0 . The Braves had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Hector Rondon retired pinch-hitter Kelly Johnson and Jace Peterson to end the inning . A. J. Pierzynski led off the eighth with a single and advanced to second on Simmons ' one - out single . Rondon then retired pinch-hitter Kelly Johnson and Jace Peterson to end the inning . A. J. Pierzynski led off the eighth with a single to right and moved to second on Simmons ' one - out single . Rondon then got pinch-hitter Kelly Johnson to fly out to center and struck out Jace Peterson .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- The Kansas City Royals got a big lift from their bullpen , too . Lorenzo Cain led off the 13th inning with a home run and the Royals beat the Chicago White Sox 7 - 6 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Royals won for the 10th time in 12 games and improved to a season-high 10 games over .500 . They have won six of their last seven overall . The White Sox trailed 6 - 4 in the ninth when J. B. Shuck hit a two - run double off Greg Holland . Cain led off the 13th with a homer to left off Dan Jennings ( 1 - 3 ) to give Kansas City a 7 - 6 lead . Ryan Madson pitched the 13th for his first save . The White Sox trailed 6 - 4 in the ninth when pinch-hitter Avisail Garcia grounded into a game-ending double play . Adam Eaton led off the bottom of the 13th with a single off Ryan Madson , who then struck out Tyler Saladino and got Melky Cabrera to line into a double play . White Sox starter Jose Quintana gave up four runs and 10 hits in 5 1/3 innings . Ryan Madson worked the 13th for his first save in three chances . Alexei Ramirez hit a tying homer in the seventh off Kelvin Herrera to tie it at 4 . The Royals scored three runs in the first off Jose Quintana . Alcides Escobar led off with a single and scored on Moustakas ' double . Lorenzo Cain and Eric Hosmer followed with consecutive singles to make it 2 - 0 . Guthrie then hit Jose Abreu with a pitch to load the bases before striking out Adam LaRoche . The White Sox cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the fourth on an RBI single by Adam Eaton .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting all season to keep their winning streak alive . Brian Dozier hit a three - run homer in Minnesota 's four - run ninth inning , and the Twins rallied for an 8 - 6 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Friday night . Brian Dozier hit a three - run homer and Eddie Rosario had two hits and an RBI for the Twins , who have won six of their last seven games . The Twins trailed 6 - 1 in the bottom of the ninth on a single by Joe Mauer , a double by Miguel Sano and an RBI single by Eddie Rosario . Soria ( 3 - 1 ) came in and walked Aaron Hicks before hitting Kurt Suzuki with a 1 - 2 pitch to force in the tying run . It was the second blown save of the season for the Twins , who have won six of their last seven games . Trevor May ( 6 - 7 ) pitched the ninth for the win . Cespedes ' three - run homer in the fourth off Ervin Santana made it 5 - 0 , and J. D. Martinez added a solo shot later in the inning for the Tigers . Martinez hit a two - run homer in the third off Ervin Santana , who gave up six runs on eight hits and three walks in four innings . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth when Anthony Gose led off with a single and scored on Cespedes ' first homer of the season , a three - run shot to left field that made it 6 - 0 . Santana 's ERA rose to 6.00 in his first two major league starts . Twins starter Ervin Santana gave up six runs on eight hits with three walks and five strikeouts in four innings . Brian Dozier drove in the Twins ' first run with a single in the eighth .
SEATTLE -- Felix Hernandez was n't going to let the game get away . Hernandez pitched seven shutout innings , and the Seattle Mariners beat the Los Angeles Angels 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hernandez ( 11 - 5 ) gave up five hits and struck out six to win for the third time in four starts . The Mariners have won six of their last seven games , including the first two games of the series , and have won five of their last six overall . Hernandez has been one of the best pitchers in the American League . The Angels loaded the bases with one out in the seventh on a single by Erick Aybar , a walk to Matt Joyce and C. J. Cron 's walk to load the bases . Pinch-hitter Efren Navarro grounded out to end the inning . The Mariners added two more runs in the eighth off Mike Morin . Erick Aybar led off with a single and Brad Miller followed with a single to right . Morin then walked Carlos Perez and gave up an RBI single to Robinson Cano . Carson Smith came on and got Kole Calhoun to ground out for his sixth save in eight chances . Garrett Richards ( 9 - 6 ) gave up four runs and 12 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . Morrison gave the Mariners a 1 - 0 lead in the first when he led off the bottom of the first with his ninth home run of the season . The Mariners added a run in the second when Dustin Ackley led off with a single and Mark Trumbo followed with a double . Ackley scored on Zunino 's two - out single . The Mariners loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on singles by Seth Smith and Dustin Ackley and walks to Mark Trumbo and Mark Trumbo . Miller 's sacrifice fly made it 3 - 0 , and Zunino 's sacrifice fly made it 4 - 0 . The Angels loaded the bases with one out in the seventh on a single by Erick Aybar and a walk to Joyce . Pinch-hitter Efren Navarro grounded out to end the inning .
WASHINGTON -- Johnny Cueto has been on the disabled list twice this season . Cueto pitched a two - hitter for his second shutout of the season , striking out a season-high 11 , and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Washington Nationals 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Cueto ( 6 - 5 ) retired Danny Espinosa on a grounder to start the bottom of the ninth , then retired Bryce Harper on a fly ball to right field . The right-hander retired the next two batters , then got Wilson Ramos to ground out to end the game . Cueto ( 6 - 5 ) struck out a season-high 11 and walked one in his second shutout of the season . He threw 122 pitches , 84 for strikes . Cueto retired Danny Espinosa on a grounder to start the ninth , then retired Bryce Harper on a fly to right . Max Scherzer ( 9 - 7 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four without a walk . The Reds scored two runs in the first on Votto 's RBI double and Jay Bruce 's RBI triple . Votto hit a solo homer in the third , his ninth of the season and second in two games . The Reds made it 5 - 0 in the fifth . Billy Hamilton doubled , stole third and scored on Votto 's single . Phillips scored on Todd Frazier 's sacrifice fly off Taylor Jordan . Scherzer ( 9 - 7 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked none . The Reds added three runs in the fifth . Billy Hamilton doubled , stole third and scored on Votto 's single . Phillips scored on Todd Frazier 's sacrifice fly off Taylor Jordan . Ian Desmond led off the fifth with a triple , but Cueto struck out Matt den Dekker and Michael Taylor .
CLEVELAND -- Corey Kluber was n't going to let the game get away . Kluber pitched 6 2/3 scoreless innings for his first win in more than a month and the Cleveland Indians beat the Houston Astros 2 - 0 on Wednesday night . Kluber ( 4 - 9 ) gave up five hits , struck out seven and walked two . Bryan Shaw pitched a perfect ninth for his second save . Vince Velasquez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Michael Brantley singled with two outs and scored on Murphy 's double . Brantley led off the sixth with a homer to right , his fourth of the season and second in two games . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Michael Brantley singled with two outs and scored on Murphy 's double . Kluber walked Hank Conger leading off the fifth , then struck out Jon Singleton and Jon Singleton . Alex Presley followed with a single , but Jose Altuve grounded into a fielder 's choice to end the inning . Brantley 's homer leading off the sixth was his fourth of the season and second in two games . Hank Conger led off the seventh with a single and Marwin Gonzalez reached on a fielder 's choice . After Jon Singleton struck out , Alex Presley walked , but Zach McAllister struck out Jose Altuve to end the inning . Preston Tucker led off the eighth with a single , but Carlos Correa grounded into a fielder 's choice . Evan Gattis then grounded into a double play .
DENVER -- Andrew Heaney was n't going to let a 10 - 0 lead slip away . Heaney pitched into the sixth inning , Mike Trout hit a three - run homer and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Colorado Rockies 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Heaney ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and eight hits , struck out five and did n't walk a batter in 7 1/3 innings . Pujols hit a three - run homer in a five - run second against Chad Bettis ( 4 - 4 ) , who was making his second start since coming off the disabled list . Bettis ( 4 - 4 ) was tagged for a career-high 10 runs and eight hits in 2 1/3 innings . Pujols hit a three - run homer in the first to give the Angels a 3 - 0 lead . Joyce led off the second with his fourth homer of the season , and Johnny Giavotella added an RBI single before Trout 's three - run homer made it 8 - 0 . Iannetta hit his ninth homer of the season , a two - run shot in the third , to make it 10 - 0 . Drew Stubbs homered in the third for the Rockies , who have lost four straight and six of seven . Yohan Flande pitched 5 2/3 innings of two - hit ball , striking out three and walking one . Charlie Blackmon had three hits and Troy Tulowitzki drove in a run with a single in the sixth for the Rockies , who have lost five of six . The Rockies have lost five of their last six games . The Angels have won six of their last seven games .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers ' offense is finally starting to come alive . Jimmy Rollins hit a two - run single in the seventh inning , Howie Kendrick had four hits and the Dodgers rallied from a three - run deficit to beat the Philadelphia Phillies 10 - 7 on Wednesday night . The Dodgers won for the fourth time in five games . J. P. Howell ( 4 - 1 ) struck out pinch-hitter Jeff Francoeur with the bases loaded in the seventh to earn the victory . Jeanmar Gomez ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs and six hits in 1 1/3 innings of relief . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 15 chances , striking out pinch hitter Domonic Brown and pinch-hitter Andres Blanco with runners at the corners to end the game . Grandal hit a tying three - run homer in the fifth off Sean O'Sullivan , who gave up seven runs -- six earned -- and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Dodgers took a 7 - 6 lead in the sixth on a two - out RBI single by Howie Kendrick . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Howie Kendrick hit a one - out triple and scored on Justin Turner 's sacrifice fly . Gonzalez followed with his fourth homer of the season , making it 2 - 0 . The Phillies tied it in the second on Galvis ' two - run homer . The Dodgers regained the lead in the second on a double by Puig and a double by Ethier . The Phillies regained the lead in the third when Hernandez singled , Maikel Franco walked and Howard hit a three - run homer .
CHICAGO -- John Lackey was n't going to let the game get away from him . Lackey pitched seven shutout innings and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Chicago Cubs 6 - 0 on Tuesday night . Lackey ( 7 - 5 ) gave up six hits , struck out four and walked one . The Cardinals won for the seventh time in nine games and improved to 5 - 0 against the Cubs this season . Lackey has been one of the few bright spots for the NL Central leaders . Lester ( 4 - 7 ) retired the first 10 batters he faced before Jhonny Peralta singled with one out in the seventh . Jason Heyward then reached on an error by third baseman Kris Bryant , loading the bases . Lester ( 4 - 7 ) allowed two unearned runs and two hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The Cardinals added four runs in the ninth off Edwin Jackson . Jhonny Peralta singled with one out and stole second before Yadier Molina hit a sacrifice fly to right . Heyward scored on Kolten Wong 's single to center . The Cardinals added four runs in the ninth off Edwin Jackson . The Cubs were shut out for the first time this season . The Cubs had runners on first and third with no outs in the sixth , but Lackey struck out Miguel Montero and got Starlin Castro to ground into a double play . The Cubs had runners on first and third with no outs in the sixth , but Lackey struck out Miguel Montero and got Starlin Castro to ground into a double play .
CLEVELAND -- The Houston Astros have been waiting all season long . Marwin Gonzalez homered and drove in two runs , Marwin Gonzalez hit a two - run homer and the Astros beat the Cleveland Indians 9 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Astros , who have won six of their last seven games , won for the fourth time in five games . Dallas Keuchel ( 11 - 3 ) gave up three runs and nine hits over six innings to win his third straight start . Carlos Carrasco ( 10 - 7 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings . The Astros scored four runs in the first off Carrasco , who was making his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained right shoulder . The Indians scored in the third on a sacrifice fly by Jason Kipnis and a run-scoring single by Marwin Gonzalez . Preston Tucker , who had four hits , added a solo homer in the fourth . Brandon Moss had an RBI triple in the fourth for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Nick Hagadone worked the sixth and Austin Adams gave up two runs in the sixth . The Indians loaded the bases with one out in the seventh on a walk to Mike Aviles , a single by Lindor and a walk to Michael Brantley . David Murphy 's sacrifice fly off Pat Neshek made it 9 - 4 , but Pat Neshek got Carlos Santana to ground out . The Indians added a run in the seventh on pinch-hitter David Murphy 's sacrifice fly off Joe Thatcher .
ARLINGTON , Angels ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Angels are starting to look like a team that had the best record in the American League . C. J. Cron matched a career high with four hits , Johnny Giavotella had a career-high four hits and drove in two runs , and the Angels beat the Texas Rangers 12 - 6 on Wednesday night . The Angels , who had lost five of their previous six games , have won six of their last seven games . Wilson ( 7 - 6 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . Colby Lewis ( 8 - 4 ) gave up a career-high 10 runs and 12 hits in four - plus innings . The Angels scored three runs in the first on RBI singles by Kole Calhoun and Albert Pujols and a sacrifice fly by Erick Aybar . Prince Fielder hit his 23rd homer in the bottom of the first for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . The Angels had 15 hits , including three by Cron , who had four hits and drove in a run . Cron had an RBI single in the second and scored on Trout 's single for a 5 - 1 lead . The Angels stretched their lead to 7 - 1 in the third . Erick Aybar led off with a double and scored on a single by David Freese , who had a career-high four hits . Calhoun 's three - run homer off Anthony Ranaudo in the fifth made it 12 - 1 . Mitch Moreland and Elvis Andrus had RBI doubles in the sixth to make it 12 - 3 . Odor hit a two - run homer off Trevor Gott in the seventh to make it 12 - 5 .
ATLANTA -- The Philadelphia Phillies have been waiting all season to win . Carlos Ruiz hit a two - run double in Philadelphia 's three - run 10th inning , and the Phillies beat the Atlanta Braves 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . The Phillies , who have won six of their last seven games , moved two games over .500 for the first time this season . The Braves , who have the worst record in the majors , lost for only the second time in eight games . Odubel Herrera led off the 10th with a single off Nick Masset ( 2 - 2 ) and went to second on Cesar Hernandez 's single . Herrera scored on Ryan Howard 's sacrifice fly . Luis Garcia ( 3 - 3 ) earned the win with a scoreless ninth . The Phillies , who have won six of their last seven games , have won six of their last seven overall . Atlanta has lost four of five overall . The Braves have been shut out in three of their last four games . Atlanta 's Shelby Miller gave up seven hits and struck out eight in 6 1/3 scoreless innings . Hamels gave up six hits and no runs in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked none . The Phillies loaded the bases with one out in the first , but Miller struck out Cody Asche to end the inning . The Braves loaded the bases with two outs in the first , but Pedro Ciriaco flied out .
MIAMI -- Justin Bour 's first home run of the season was a memorable one . Bour hit a three - run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Miami Marlins a 6 - 5 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Friday night . The Marlins , who won for only the fourth time in their past 17 games , climbed back into a tie for first place in the NL East with the New York Mets . Bour hit a three - run homer in the ninth off Giants closer Santiago Casilla ( 4 - 2 ) to give the Marlins a 6 - 5 lead . Bour hit a two - run homer for the second game in a row . Steve Cishek ( 2 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Brandon Belt hit a tying sacrifice fly and Brandon Crawford went deep in the sixth for the Giants , who have lost five of their past six games . The Giants took a 3 - 1 lead in the third . Cole Gillespie led off with a double and scored on Haren 's single . Christian Yelich walked and Gordon Gordon scored when Adeiny Hechavarria grounded into a double play . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Justin Maxwell led off with a single , moved to second on Chris Heston 's sacrifice bunt and scored on Joe Panik 's single . The Marlins took a 3 - 1 lead in the third . Cole Gillespie led off with a double and scored on Haren 's single . Dee Gordon followed with a triple to make it 2 - 1 . Gordon Gordon scored when Adeiny Hechavarria grounded into a double play . The Giants cut the deficit to 3 - 2 in the fourth when Posey singled , stole second and scored on Blanco 's single .
PHOENIX ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are on a roll . Aaron Hill hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly in the eighth inning , Aaron Hill added a sacrifice fly and the Dodgers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games . Brett Anderson ( 5 - 4 ) gave up one run and seven hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking two . Kenley Jansen gave up a solo homer to David Peralta in the ninth , then retired the next three batters for his 13th save in 14 chances . Robbie Ray ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Diamondbacks , coming off a three - game sweep at San Francisco , have lost four of five . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a triple by Enrique Hernandez and a sacrifice fly by Howie Kendrick . The Dodgers scored three runs in the third on RBI doubles by Enrique Hernandez and Howie Kendrick and a run-scoring double by Justin Turner . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and third with two outs in the third , but Anderson struck out Aaron Hill to end the inning . Aaron Hill hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the eighth on Hill 's sacrifice fly against Adam Liberatore . Adam Liberatore got pinch hitter Welington Castillo to fly out to end the inning . Adam Liberatore got pinch hitter Welington Castillo to fly out to end the inning .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox are on their longest winning streak of the season . Didi Gregorius had four hits , Chase Headley drove in a run with a ninth-inning single and the Red Sox beat the New York Yankees 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Red Sox won for the fourth time in five games . Eduardo Rodriguez ( 8 - 5 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out four . Jean Machi pitched the ninth for his fourth save , giving up a run on three walks before striking out Greg Bird and getting Didi Gregorius on a flyout to end the game . It was Machi 's fourth save in four opportunities . Ivan Nova ( 5 - 7 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jacoby Ellsbury reached on a wild pitch and Chris Young reached on an error by third baseman Pablo Sandoval . Ellsbury scored on Carlos Beltran 's sacrifice fly . Betts put the Red Sox up 2 - 1 with a two - run homer in the third . The Yankees tied it in the fourth on a walk to Brian McCann , a single by Chase Headley and a bunt single by Greg Bird that loaded the bases with no outs . Didi Gregorius singled in McCann , but Brendan Ryan grounded into a forceout at home , and Jacoby Ellsbury lined into a double play to end the inning . Ortiz 's homer made it 3 - 2 in the fourth . The Red Sox added a run in the seventh when Bradley doubled off Adam Warren and scored on Pablo Sandoval 's groundout .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Taijuan Walker is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Walker pitched three - hit ball into the seventh inning and the Seattle Mariners beat the Chicago White Sox 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Walker ( 10 - 7 ) struck out six and walked one in 6 1/3 innings . He has won three of his last four starts . Kyle Seager had three hits , including a solo homer in the sixth inning , and Franklin Gutierrez added a solo shot in the sixth for the Mariners , who have won six of their last seven games . John Danks ( 6 - 12 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five without a walk . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season and have been shut out in consecutive games for the first time this season . The White Sox loaded the bases with one out in the seventh on a single by Melky Cabrera , a walk to Adam LaRoche and a single by Alexei Ramirez . But pinch-hitter J. B. Shuck grounded into a double play to end the threat . Tom Wilhelmsen pitched the ninth for his fifth save in five chances . Kyle Seager had three hits , including a solo homer in the sixth , and Franklin Gutierrez added a solo shot in the sixth for the Mariners , who have won six of their last seven games . The White Sox were shut out for the second time this season and have been shut out in consecutive games for the first time this season . Gutierrez had a leadoff single in the second and Austin Jackson followed with a single . Danks then struck out Mark Trumbo and got Jesus Sucre to line out to right . The Mariners had runners on first and second with no outs in the second , but Danks struck out Mark Trumbo and got Jesus Sucre to line out .
DETROIT -- Justin Verlander was n't going to let the game get away from him . Verlander pitched a one - hitter for his first major league shutout , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Los Angeles Angels 5 - 0 on Wednesday night . Verlander ( 2 - 6 ) struck out nine and walked two in his first complete game of the season . He retired the first 10 batters he faced before Chris Iannetta led off the ninth with a double . He then struck out Kaleb Cowart and retired pinch hitter David DeJesus on a popup . Kole Calhoun flied out to the warning track in right field to end the game . It was Verlander 's second complete game of the season and second shutout of his career . He struck out nine and walked two . Chris Iannetta led off the ninth with a double , but Verlander struck out Kaleb Cowart and retired pinch hitter David DeJesus on a popup . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fifth off Hector Santiago ( 7 - 8 ) , and J. D. Martinez added a two - run shot later in the inning . Hector Santiago ( 7 - 8 ) allowed five runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a solo homer by Nicholas Castellanos , but the Tigers did n't get another hit until the fifth . Rajai Davis led off the bottom of the fifth with a single , stole second and scored on Cabrera 's two - run homer . Victor Martinez followed with a single , and Martinez followed with a two - run homer to make it 5 - 0 . The Angels have lost five of their last six games . Verlander struck out Kole Calhoun to start the game , then fanned Mike Trout and Albert Pujols to end the inning . Verlander walked David Murphy leading off the eighth , then got Erick Aybar to ground into a double play . Verlander then got C. J. Cron to ground into a double play .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Chad Bettis was n't sure what to expect . Bettis pitched five - plus innings , DJ LeMahieu hit a two - run single in the seventh and the Colorado Rockies beat the Atlanta Braves 5 - 1 on Wednesday night . Bettis ( 6 - 4 ) gave up one run on five hits and two walks . He struck out four . DJ LeMahieu had three hits and drove in three runs , including a two - run single in the fourth . Mike Foltynewicz ( 4 - 6 ) gave up five hits and four runs , none earned , in five innings . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . DJ LeMahieu singled and moved to second on Charlie Blackmon 's single . Nolan Arenado hit a grounder to third baseman Adonis Garcia , who threw to second for an error , allowing LeMahieu to score . DJ LeMahieu added a two - run single in the fourth to make it 4 - 0 . The Braves cut the lead to 4 - 1 in the fifth . Andrelton Simmons led off with a single and Bourn walked . Pinch-hitter Jonny Gomes grounded into a double play , but Kahnle walked Nick Markakis and Nick Swisher to load the bases before Christian Friedrich struck out Freddie Freeman to end the inning . The Rockies added a run in the ninth off Matt Marksberry . Descalso drew a leadoff walk , moved to second on a wild pitch and scored on DJ LeMahieu 's sacrifice fly . The Braves added a run in the ninth off Matt Marksberry . Jace Peterson and Andrelton Simmons hit consecutive two - out singles , but Scott Oberg struck out Michael Bourn to end the inning . The Rockies added a run in the ninth off Matt Marksberry . Descalso walked and scored on LeMahieu 's sacrifice fly .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- The Kansas City Royals are making a habit of turning things around . Mike Moustakas hit a two - run homer in Kansas City 's six - run sixth inning , and the Royals rallied for an 8 - 3 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . The Royals , who have won six of their last eight games , have won six of their last seven games . Medlen ( 2 - 0 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six without a walk . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 9 - 8 ) gave up seven runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . The Royals sent 11 men to the plate in a six - run sixth inning that included Omar Infante 's two - run triple and Lorenzo Cain 's two - run single . Jimenez , who had won his previous two starts , gave up seven runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . Adam Jones hit a two - run homer in the first for Baltimore , and Steve Clevenger drove in a run for the Orioles , who have lost five of six . The Royals got a run back in the third on Ben Zobrist 's single and a fielder 's choice grounder by Eric Hosmer . Adam Jones led off the Orioles fourth with a single and scored on Steve Clevenger 's double . Adam Jones led off the Baltimore fourth with a single and scored on Steve Clevenger 's double . The Orioles have lost five of their last six games .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting all season to overcome . Eduardo Escobar struck out with the bases loaded and two outs in the 12th inning , and the Twins beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 3 on Tuesday night to end a four - game losing streak . The Twins won for the 10th time in 12 games and moved within one game of first-place Detroit in the AL Central . The Twins trailed 3 - 2 in the ninth when Brian Dozier led off with a single off Zach Britton and scored on a two - out single by Trevor Plouffe . Eddie Rosario singled to put runners at the corners , but Eduardo Escobar struck out to end the game . Eduardo Escobar reached on an error by second baseman Jimmy Paredes and scored on a two - out error by shortstop Jimmy Paredes in the 12th . Tommy Milone worked the 12th for his first save . Brian Dozier led off the ninth with a single off Orioles closer Zach Britton and scored on a two - out single by Trevor Plouffe . Eddie Rosario singled to put runners at the corners , but Eduardo Escobar struck out to end the game . It was the second straight game in which the Orioles failed to score more than three runs . Sano hit a two - run homer in the first inning to give the Twins a 2 - 0 lead . The Orioles got a run back in the third when Gerardo Parra doubled and scored on a two - out single by Jonathan Schoop . The Orioles went up 3 - 2 in the fifth . Adam Jones singled with one out and took third on a double by Steve Clevenger . Neal Cotts came in and retired Henry Urrutia on a liner to left . In the seventh , Trevor Plouffe reached on a two - base error by shortstop Eduardo Escobar , but Gausman struck out Eddie Rosario and retired Eduardo Escobar on a fly to center .
BOSTON ( AP ) -- Mike Moustakas had a big night at the plate . The Kansas City third baseman hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs to lead the Royals to an 8 - 6 win over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night . Moustakas , who had three hits , drove in the tying and go-ahead runs with a two - out , two - run double off Junichi Tazawa in the ninth . Moustakas had been 0 - for - 5 with four strikeouts in his previous four games . The Royals trailed 6 - 4 when Omar Infante led off the ninth with a triple off Junichi Tazawa ( 2 - 6 ) . Drew Butera and Alcides Escobar singled to put runners on first and second with one out . Lorenzo Cain singled to load the bases , and Hosmer lined a two - run single up the middle . Kendrys Morales walked to load the bases , and Mike Moustakas hit a two - run double off the Green Monster . Wade Davis pitched the ninth for his 11th save in 12 opportunities . The Red Sox lost for the fifth time in six games . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with no outs in the ninth when Jackie Bradley Jr. led off with a single , but Davis struck out Josh Rutledge and retired Mookie Betts on a fly to center and then got Pablo Sandoval to line out to third to end the game . The Red Sox added a run in the seventh when Ryan Hanigan singled and scored on Bradley 's double . Bradley advanced on Josh Rutledge 's sacrifice bunt and scored on Morales ' throwing error . The Red Sox added a run in the seventh when Ryan Hanigan singled and scored on Bradley 's double . Boston starter Eduardo Rodriguez gave up four runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in six innings . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on consecutive RBI doubles by Jackie Bradley Jr. and Josh Rutledge . The Royals cut it to 2 - 1 in the third on singles by Alex Rios and Omar Infante and a sacrifice fly by Alcides Escobar . The Royals took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth on a throwing error by center fielder Mookie Betts on a grounder by Kendrys Morales that allowed Hosmer to score from third . Moustakas homered into the Red Sox bullpen in the sixth .
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals are on their longest winning streak in more than a decade . Anthony Rendon hit a three - run homer and the Nationals beat the Milwaukee Brewers 9 - 5 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight victory . The Nationals have won six of their last seven games , including three of their last four games . Wilson Ramos and Anthony Rendon hit two - run homers in the fifth inning to help Jordan Zimmermann ( 10 - 8 ) win his third straight start . Zimmermann allowed four runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Matt Garza ( 6 - 14 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked six and struck out seven . The Brewers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Scooter Gennett led off with a single and Jonathan Lucroy followed with his 21st home run . Jayson Werth led off the bottom of the first with a double , moved to third on Anthony Rendon 's groundout and scored on Zimmerman 's two - out double . The Nationals tied it in the bottom of the inning on Desmond 's RBI single and Espinosa 's three - run double . Scooter Gennett led off the fifth with a homer to left , but that was it for the Brewers , who have lost six of their last seven games . Wilson Ramos hit a solo homer in the fifth , and Rendon 's two - run shot made it 9 - 3 . Davis led off the eighth with a homer off Drew Storen .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago Cubs are on their longest winning streak of the season . Chris Coghlan and Miguel Montero hit consecutive RBI doubles in the sixth inning , and the Cubs rallied for a 5 - 3 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . The Cubs won for the fifth time in six games and improved to a season-high 10 games over .500 . The Cubs won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 0 against the Braves this season . Chris Coghlan and Chris Coghlan homered off Braves starter Shelby Miller ( 5 - 10 ) , who struck out eight in 6 1/3 innings . Miller ( 5 - 10 ) was charged with five runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . Addison Russell led off the seventh with a double off Miller ( 5 - 10 ) and moved to third on a groundout by Nick Markakis . Braves manager Fredi Gonzalez brought in Peter Moylan to face Rizzo , who lined a single to right to score Russell . Hector Rondon worked the ninth for his 22nd save in 26 chances . Miller ( 5 - 10 ) allowed five runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked four . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Nick Markakis and Cameron Maybin singled to start the game and scored on Freddie Freeman 's grounder to third baseman Pedro Ciriaco . Coghlan tied it in the bottom of the first with his 18th homer , a drive to left that tied it at 1 . The Braves took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth . Pedro Ciriaco led off with a single and Andrelton Simmons reached on a fielder 's choice . Miller sacrificed the runners to second and third before Markakis lined a two - run double into the left-field corner . The Cubs cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the fifth . Miguel Montero led off with a single and Jorge Soler walked . Pinch-hitter Chris Denorfia then hit a grounder to third baseman Pedro Ciriaco , who threw wildly to the plate for an error that allowed Miguel Montero to score . Peter Moylan relieved Miller and gave up an RBI single to Rizzo .
PITTSBURGH -- Neil Walker is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Walker hit his first home run of the season and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the San Francisco Giants 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Walker hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning to help Charlie Morton ( 8 - 4 ) win for the first time in four starts . The right-hander gave up four hits in 6 2/3 innings , striking out eight and walking two . Walker has been one of the few bright spots for the second consecutive game , hitting a home run in each of the past two games . Morton has allowed two or fewer runs in each of his last six starts , and he has n't allowed more than two earned runs in any of his past seven starts . Jake Peavy ( 3 - 6 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings , striking out five and walking one . The Pirates scored their first run in the first when Starling Marte was hit by a pitch , stole second and scored on Ramirez 's double . The Pirates added a run in the third when Starling Marte reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second and scored on Aramis Ramirez 's double . Walker hit a two - run homer off Peavy in the sixth to make it 4 - 0 . The Giants did n't get a runner to second until the seventh , when Morton hit Brandon Crawford with a pitch to start the inning . Kelby Tomlinson then hit a one - out single , but Jared Hughes retired Gregor Blanco on a line drive to right to end the threat . The Giants had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Jared Hughes got Buster Posey to ground into a fielder 's choice and Brandon Crawford to line out to end the inning . Aoki led off the ninth with a single against Tony Watson but was forced out at second on Kelby Tomlinson 's fielder 's choice . Pinch-hitter Justin Maxwell struck out and Susac walked before Gregor Blanco grounded out to end it .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Kansas City Royals finally found a way to win . Kendrys Morales singled home the winning run in the 10th inning to lift the Royals to a 4 - 3 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Wednesday night . The Royals , who have the best record in the American League , have won six of their last seven games . The Royals loaded the bases with one out in the ninth against Huston Street on a walk to Eric Hosmer and an intentional walk to Mike Moustakas . Drew Butera walked to load the bases before Alex Rios hit a sacrifice fly to left . Morales ' single scored Ben Zobrist , who had singled with one out in the 10th off Trevor Gott ( 2 - 1 ) . Kelvin Herrera ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a perfect 10th to pick up the victory . Kole Calhoun hit a solo homer in the eighth for the Angels , who have lost five of six . The Royals loaded the bases with one out in the ninth against Huston Street on a walk to Eric Hosmer , a groundout by Kendrys Morales and a walk to Drew Butera . Royals starter Yordano Ventura gave up two runs on five hits and a walk , while striking out seven in seven innings . Ventura gave up a leadoff triple to Kole Calhoun in the sixth , then threw a wild pitch that allowed Calhoun to score . Calhoun scored on a wild pitch by Royals starter Yordano Ventura , who allowed two runs on five hits in seven innings . The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Ben Zobrist 's RBI double and Eric Hosmer 's RBI single . The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Ben Zobrist 's RBI double and Eric Hosmer 's RBI single .
ATLANTA -- Cameron Maybin was n't sure if he 'd ever hit a game-ending home run . Maybin hit a leadoff home run in the 10th inning to lift the Atlanta Braves to a 2 - 1 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday night . It was Maybin 's second career game-ending homer . David Aardsma ( 1 - 1 ) struck out the side in the 10th to earn the win . Braves starter Shelby Miller left the game with a 1 - 0 lead after giving up a single to Nick Ahmed and a single to pinch hitter Jarrod Saltalamacchia to open the eighth . Ross Detwiler and Ross Detwiler combined for 2 2/3 innings of hitless relief . Miller gave up one run on two hits and four walks in seven innings . He struck out a season-high 10 . Ross Detwiler recorded the final out in the eighth . Rubby De La Rosa gave up one run on seven hits and four walks in seven innings . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth . Jace Peterson led off with a single and moved to third on Andrelton Simmons ' one - out double down the right-field line . De La Rosa then walked Shelby Miller to load the bases . Rubby De La Rosa gave up one run on seven hits and four walks in seven innings . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Cameron Maybin singled , moved to second on Nick Markakis ' single and scored on A. J. Pierzynski 's groundout . The Braves had runners on first and second with one out in the first when A. J. Pierzynski lined out to third base , but Bourn was thrown out by catcher A. J. Pierzynski .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- The Chicago White Sox are making a habit of finishing games out of first place in the AL Central . Avisail Garcia 's RBI double in the 13th inning lifted the White Sox to a 3 - 2 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Friday night . The White Sox won for the fifth time in six games . Abreu led off the bottom of the 13th with a single off White Sox closer David Robertson . Johnny Giavotella singled to put runners at the corners , and Conor Gillaspie drove in Featherston with a groundout to tie the game . Jose Abreu led off the 13th with a single off Cesar Ramos ( 2 - 1 ) and Melky Cabrera fouled out before Garcia lined a double to left-center . Matt Albers ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Johnny Giavotella led off the 13th with a single off Albers and advanced to third on Conor Gillaspie 's grounder to third . Albers then struck out Chris Iannetta and retired David DeJesus on a grounder to second to end the inning . The Angels tied it in the ninth against David Robertson . C. J. Cron singled with one out and Johnny Giavotella singled to put runners at the corners , and Conor Gillaspie tied it with a groundout to second . Fernando Salas came in and struck out Trayce Thompson to end the inning . Angels starter Andrew Heaney allowed two runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Johnny Giavotella led off with a single and scored on Conor Gillaspie 's double . Danks walked Carlos Perez before Shane Victorino lined into a double play to end the inning . Trayce Thompson singled with one out in the fifth and advanced to third on a single by Tyler Flowers . Thompson scored on Gordon Beckham 's sacrifice fly to tie it at 1 . Saladino led off the sixth with a single and moved to second on Jose Abreu 's groundout . Saladino moved to third on a groundout by Melky Cabrera and scored on Ramirez 's double to put the White Sox up 2 - 1 .
CHICAGO -- Carlos Rodon has been one of the most consistent pitchers in the majors . Rodon struck out a season-high 11 in seven shutout innings , leading the Chicago White Sox to a 3 - 0 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Friday night . Rodon ( 5 - 4 ) allowed four hits and walked one . The White Sox won for the 10th time in 12 games and moved within one game of first-place Chicago in the AL Central . Rodon ( 5 - 4 ) won for the third time in four starts . The Angels loaded the bases with one out in the eighth , but Jake Petricka got Albert Pujols to ground into a double play . David Robertson pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in 26 chances . Hector Santiago ( 7 - 6 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth when Saladino singled with one out and stole second . Abreu was hit by a pitch to load the bases , and Cabrera followed with a two - run double into the left-field corner . Thompson 's homer made it 3 - 0 in the fifth . Thompson 's homer made it 3 - 0 in the fifth . The Angels were shut out for the third time this season . The Angels loaded the bases with one out in the eighth against Zach Duke on a single by Shane Victorino and a walk to Kole Calhoun , a walk to Kole Calhoun and a throwing error by shortstop Alexei Ramirez . Albert Pujols hit into a double play to end the inning .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- David Murphy has been on a tear since coming off the disabled list on July 31 . Murphy hit an RBI single with two outs in the 11th inning and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Baltimore Orioles 5 - 4 on Wednesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Angels have won six of their last seven games , including four straight at home . Carlos Perez led off the 11th with a double off Chaz Roe ( 2 - 2 ) , who then struck out Kole Calhoun and Kole Calhoun . After an intentional walk to Albert Pujols , Murphy lined a 3 - 2 pitch to right-center for his third hit of the game . Trevor Gott ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two innings of scoreless relief for the win . The Orioles took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Matt Wieters ' RBI single and Jonathan Schoop 's RBI double . Kole Calhoun hit a solo homer in the bottom of the first for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Johnny Giavotella had three hits for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Murphy 's three - run homer gave the Angels a 4 - 2 lead in the third . Johnny Giavotella led off the inning with a double and scored on Murphy 's two - out homer . Parra led off the sixth with a homer against Cory Rasmus , and Davis tied it with a drive to right . Gerardo Parra and Chris Davis homered in the sixth for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Gonzalez allowed four runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings , struck out six and walked two . Gonzalez gave up four runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings , struck out six and walked two .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Edinson Volquez was n't going to let the game get away . Volquez pitched seven strong innings and the Kansas City Royals beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Volquez ( 11 - 6 ) allowed one run and four hits , striking out three and walking two . Greg Holland gave up a solo homer to Adam LaRoche in the ninth before striking out Tyler Flowers to earn his 24th save in 26 opportunities . The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . John Danks ( 6 - 9 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out six . The Royals scored their first run in the fifth when Mike Moustakas walked with one out and scored on Alex Rios ' two - out double . Danks walked Omar Infante but struck out Alcides Escobar to end the inning . The White Sox tied it in the sixth when Trayce Thompson led off with a single and scored on Jose Abreu 's double . Ben Zobrist led off the bottom of the sixth with a single and scored on Cain 's double . Hosmer followed with a single to left to score Cain and put the Royals up 3 - 1 . The White Sox threatened in the eighth , but Franklin Morales got Melky Cabrera to fly out to end the inning . The White Sox threatened in the eighth , putting runners on second and third with no outs , but Hochevar struck out Tyler Saladino and Jose Abreu and got Melky Cabrera to fly out to end the inning . Greg Holland gave up a solo homer to Adam LaRoche in the ninth before striking out Tyler Flowers to end the game .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting all season to win . Torii Hunter hit a tying homer in the ninth inning and the Twins rallied to beat the Cleveland Indians 10 - 9 on Wednesday night . The Twins , who have the worst record in the American League , have won six of their last seven games . The Indians , who have lost five of six , fell to 1 - 5 on their 10-game homestand . The Indians trailed 7 - 4 in the fourth when Michael Brantley hit a two - run double and Yan Gomes added a three - run homer off A. J. Achter . Brian Dozier led off the bottom of the sixth with a homer off Zach McAllister to tie it at 9 . Glen Perkins pitched the ninth for his 30th save in 32 chances . The Twins scored six runs in the third off Cody Anderson , who was making his second start since being activated from the disabled list . The Indians scored four runs in the third off Mike Pelfrey , who allowed seven runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in 3 2/3 innings . Miguel Sano 's RBI double off Jeff Manship made it 7 - 4 in the fourth . Brantley 's two - run double tied it at 6 in the fourth . Hunter doubled off Jeff Manship in the fifth and scored on Hicks ' double .
PHILADELPHIA -- Zack Greinke 's first home run of the season was a big one . Greinke became the first NL pitcher to hit his first major league home run and the Los Angeles Dodgers held on for a 10 - 8 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Friday night . Greinke ( 11 - 2 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and six hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Joel Peralta gave up a pair of runs in the ninth before Joel Peralta gave up a two - run double to Maikel Franco and a two - run double to Maikel Franco . Kenley Jansen got the final two outs for his 21st save in 23 chances . The Phillies have lost five of six . Joel Peralta relieved Joel Peralta with one out in the ninth and gave up a single to Cesar Hernandez , a single to Odubel Herrera and a two - run double to Maikel Franco that cut it to 10 - 8 . Ryan Howard singled to put runners at the corners , but Jansen got Domonic Brown to line into a double play to end the game . Kenley Jansen got the last two outs for his 21st save in 23 chances . Ryan Howard hit a two - run single and Domonic Brown hit a three - run homer in the first for the Phillies , who have won four of five . The Dodgers jumped on Phillies starter David Buchanan ( 2 - 6 ) for three runs in the first . Adrian Gonzalez singled with two outs and Yasmani Grandal walked before Andre Ethier drove in Gonzalez with a double down the right-field line . Crawford followed with a two - run single . The Phillies answered with five runs in the bottom half . Howard hit a two - run single and Brown followed with a three - run homer to right . Greinke led off the second with a single and scored on Gonzalez 's two - run homer to right . The Phillies cut it to 7 - 6 in the third on an RBI single by Domonic Brown . Greinke led off the sixth with a single off Justin DeFratus and went to third on Rollins ' double . Kendrick hit a two - run double and Yasmani Grandal added a sacrifice fly .
DETROIT -- The Detroit Tigers have been waiting all season long enough to keep their winning streak going . The Tigers took two of three from the AL Central-leading Kansas City Royals , winning 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . The Tigers have won six of their last seven games . Matt Boyd ( 1 - 2 ) allowed one run and seven hits in seven innings , walking none and striking out two . Blaine Hardy got the last two outs of the ninth , and Alex Wilson finished for his second save . Johnny Cueto ( 7 - 7 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out two and walked two . The Royals have lost three straight and six of seven . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Tyler Collins doubled , took third on Jefry Marte 's sacrifice and scored on Gose 's triple to right-center . Ian Kinsler led off the Detroit fourth with a triple and scored on Martinez 's groundout . The Royals loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth , but Mike Moustakas flied out to end the inning . Kansas City threatened in the sixth , putting runners on first and third with two outs , but Mike Moustakas flied out to end the inning . Bruce Rondon pitched a scoreless eighth for Detroit .
TORONTO ( AP ) -- R. A. Dickey 's knuckleball was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Dickey won for the first time in three starts , and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 6 - 10 ) allowed two hits and two walks in seven innings , striking out six . Roberto Osuna gave up a two - run homer to Ben Zobrist in the eighth but got the final four outs for his seventh save in nine chances . Osuna gave up a single to Kendrys Morales before getting Salvador Perez to ground into a double play . Edinson Volquez ( 10 - 6 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out four . Ben Zobrist hit a two - run homer off Blue Jays right-hander Aaron Sanchez in the eighth , but Roberto Osuna got four outs for his seventh save in nine chances . Ben Revere hit a sacrifice fly and Troy Tulowitzki added an RBI single in the eighth as the Blue Jays won for the fourth time in five games . Colabello made it 2 - 0 with a two - run homer in the fourth , his fourth . The Blue Jays made it 3 - 0 in the seventh when Ryan Goins led off with a single off Franklin Morales and scored on Jose Bautista 's two - out double . The Blue Jays added two more in the eighth against Kelvin Herrera . Justin Smoak drew a leadoff walk and Russell Martin walked . Smoak scored on Ben Revere 's sacrifice fly and Troy Tulowitzki added an RBI single . The Royals loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth but Dickey struck out Salvador Perez to end the threat .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Mike Leake was n't going to let the game get away from him . Leake pitched a two - hitter for his second shutout of the season , leading the San Francisco Giants to a 5 - 0 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Wednesday night . Leake ( 11 - 10 ) struck out one and walked three in his third complete game of the season and second this season . He threw a two - hitter for his second shutout of the season . Carl Crawford singled leading off the ninth for the Dodgers ' first hit . He was erased when Corey Seager grounded into a double play . Matt Duffy hit a two - run homer in the first off Mike Bolsinger ( 6 - 6 ) , who allowed three runs and four hits in 3 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Kelby Tomlinson had an RBI double in the third for the Giants , who have won four of five . Mike Bolsinger ( 6 - 6 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 3 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Nick Noonan hit a solo homer off Joel Peralta in the seventh for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Matt Duffy singled with one out in the eighth and stole second before scoring on Parker 's single . Adam Liberatore got Mac Williamson to ground into a fielder 's choice to end the inning . Jimmy Rollins singled with one out in the fourth for the Dodgers ' first hit . He advanced to third on Corey Seager 's groundout and Andre Ethier walked before Chase Utley grounded out to end the inning . Jimmy Rollins singled with one out in the fourth for the Dodgers ' first hit and Andre Ethier walked before Chase Utley grounded out to end the inning . The Dodgers threatened in the fifth when Austin Barnes drew a one - out walk and advanced to third on a wild pitch before pinch-hitter Adrian Gonzalez struck out .
CHICAGO -- The Kansas City Royals are on a roll . Eric Hosmer hit a two - run homer with two outs in the 10th inning and the Royals beat the Chicago White Sox 5 - 3 on Sunday to avoid a three - game sweep . Jose Abreu hit a solo homer for the White Sox , who lost for the fourth time in five games . Ben Zobrist singled with one out in the 10th , stole second and advanced to third on a throwing error by catcher Salvador Perez . Hosmer then hit a 1 - 1 pitch from David Robertson ( 6 - 5 ) over the wall in left for his 21st homer . Wade Davis pitched a perfect 10th for his 15th save in 16 chances . Moustakas hit a two - run homer in the sixth to give the Royals a 3 - 1 lead . It was his eighth of the season and second in two games . Jose Abreu hit a solo homer in the seventh for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . The White Sox tied it in the eighth against Kelvin Herrera . Mike Olt singled with two outs , stole second and advanced to third on a throwing error by third baseman Mike Olt . Royals starter Edinson Volquez gave up one run and nine hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Mike Olt and Tyler Flowers singled with one out . Eaton followed with an RBI single , but Volquez struck out Jose Abreu and got Melky Cabrera to line out to end the inning . Gordon led off the third with a homer to left . Moustakas hit a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Royals a 3 - 1 lead .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Prince Fielder and the rest of the Texas Rangers ' lineup looked pretty good . Fielder had three hits , including a three - run homer , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Texas Rangers 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Fielder , who had a two - run homer in the fifth , had a two - run single and an RBI single for the Tigers , who have won six of their last seven games . Verlander ( 5 - 8 ) allowed one run and six hits in six innings , striking out five and walking two . Prince Fielder hit a two - run single in the bottom of the ninth for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Colby Lewis ( 17 - 9 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Lewis hit Tyler Collins with a pitch with the bases loaded , then walked Miguel Cabrera to force in a run . Fielder led off the fourth with a homer to tie the game 1-all . Adrian Beltre and Mitch Moreland followed with singles before Elvis Andrus popped out to second . The Tigers had a chance to add to their lead in the sixth when Anthony Gose drew a leadoff walk from Anthony Bass and scored on Fielder 's groundout . Fielder 's RBI groundout in the seventh off Blaine Hardy made it 7 - 2 .
WASHINGTON -- Max Scherzer was n't going to let the game get away from him . Scherzer struck out 10 in eight innings , and the Washington Nationals beat the Cincinnati Reds 5 - 1 on Friday night . Scherzer ( 13 - 12 ) allowed one run and two hits , lowering his ERA to 2.91 . He has allowed two runs or fewer in six of his last seven starts . The Reds ' only hits off Scherzer were singles by Tucker Barnhart and Skip Schumaker in the eighth inning . Matt Thornton worked the ninth to complete the three - hitter . The Reds have lost four of five . Brandon Finnegan ( 4 - 2 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Nationals took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . With one out , Tyler Moore singled and scored on a double by den Dekker . Dan Uggla walked and scored on Michael Taylor 's single to center . Ramos made it 3 - 0 in the fifth with his fourth homer of the season , a solo shot that made it 3 - 0 . The Nationals made it 4 - 0 in the sixth when Matthew den Dekker hit a 1 - 2 pitch from Jumbo Diaz over the wall in center for his 12th homer . Tucker Barnhart singled with one out in the eighth and moved to second on a groundout by pinch-hitter Jason Bourgeois . Skip Schumaker hit an RBI single , but Scherzer got Ivan De Jesus Jr. to ground out to end the inning . The Nationals added a run in the eighth off Manny Parra . Pinch-hitter Reed Johnson drove in den Dekker with a sacrifice fly .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- The Philadelphia Phillies have been waiting all season to celebrate . Andres Blanco hit a two - run homer in Philadelphia 's six - run ninth inning , and the Phillies rallied to beat the Washington Nationals 12 - 5 on Wednesday night . The NL East-leading Phillies won for the fifth time in six games and remained two games ahead of Atlanta in the NL East . The Nationals , who have lost six of their last eight games , fell to 1 - 5 on a 10-game road trip . Blanco 's two - run homer off Jonathan Papelbon ( 4 - 3 ) gave the Phillies a 6 - 4 lead in the ninth . Papelbon ( 4 - 3 ) was charged with five runs -- two earned -- and one hit in one inning . The Phillies scored an unearned run off Ken Giles in the ninth . Ian Desmond led off the bottom of the seventh with a single off Jeanmar Gomez , and Matthew den Dekker singled to put runners on first and third with no outs . Felipe Vazquez came in and gave up a double to Jose Lobaton to make it 3 - 2 . Felipe Vazquez came on and gave up a sacrifice fly to Dan Uggla that made it 4 - 2 . The Nationals took a 4 - 2 lead in the seventh against Jeanmar Gomez , who gave up a leadoff single to Ian Desmond , who had three hits . Phillies starter Aaron Harang gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . Desmond and den Dekker hit back-to-back homers in the second inning to give the Nationals a 2 - 0 lead . The Phillies loaded the bases with no outs in the sixth on a single by Harang , a single by Freddy Galvis and a single by Andres Blanco . Aaron Altherr walked to force in a run and Darin Ruf walked to force in a run . Matt Grace came in and got Jeff Francoeur to pop out , then struck out Erik Kratz and got Cody Asche to ground out .
CHICAGO -- Jake Arrieta was n't in the mood to celebrate his first major league win . Arrieta pitched one - hit ball for seven innings and struck out a season-high nine to lead the Chicago Cubs to a 4 - 0 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Arrieta ( 21 - 6 ) gave up one hit and struck out nine without walking a batter . Jared Hughes recorded the final out of the seventh , and Arquimedes Caminero struck out Jorge Soler with the bases loaded to end the inning . A. J. Burnett ( 9 - 6 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . Dexter Fowler led off the first with a walk , moved to second on Kyle Schwarber 's groundout and scored on Kris Bryant 's single . Arrieta 's first homer of the season made it 2 - 0 in the second . Dexter Fowler led off the seventh with a single off Antonio Bastardo and was replaced by pinch hitter Austin Jackson . After a walk to Austin Jackson , Hughes retired Anthony Rizzo on a fly ball to the warning track in left . Starlin Castro then hit a two - run double off Arquimedes Caminero to make it 4 - 0 . Gregory Polanco led off the seventh with a single , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Andrew McCutchen was hit by a pitch to put runners on first and second with one out , but Aramis Ramirez grounded into a double play . Harrison walked with two outs in the eighth , but Jordy Mercer flied out to end the inning . Travis Wood pitched two hitless innings for the Cubs and Travis Wood pitched the ninth .
DENVER ( AP ) -- Nolan Arenado had a big night at the plate . Arenado hit a three - run homer and drove in five runs to lead the Colorado Rockies to a 12 - 5 win over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Friday night . Arenado also had a sacrifice fly and a run-scoring groundout . Arenado , who had a career-high five RBIs , hit a three - run homer in the fourth to give the Rockies a 6 - 4 lead . Chris Rusin ( 6 - 9 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . Alex Wood ( 11 - 12 ) gave up eight runs and 11 hits in 5 1/3 innings . Arenado 's homer capped a four - run fourth inning that gave the Rockies a 6 - 4 lead . The Rockies added three runs in the sixth on a sacrifice bunt by DJ LeMahieu and a sacrifice fly by Nolan Arenado . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an unearned run when Arenado could n't handle Alex Wood 's two - out grounder for an error , allowing Guerrero to score . The Rockies tied it in the bottom of the inning when Corey Dickerson doubled and scored on Rafael Ynoa 's double . The Dodgers took a 4 - 1 lead in the third on RBI singles by Scott Van Slyke and A. J. Ellis and Alex Guerrero 's RBI groundout . Rosario 's RBI single made it 4 - 2 in the third .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros are on their longest winning streak of the season . Colby Rasmus hit a tiebreaking , two - run homer in the seventh inning and the Astros held on for a 9 - 7 win over the Texas Rangers on Friday night . The Astros have won six of their last seven games , including three in a row . Collin McHugh ( 18 - 7 ) allowed eight hits and four runs with six strikeouts in 6 2/3 innings to win his third straight start . Luke Gregerson allowed four hits and three runs in two - thirds of an inning in the ninth . Chi McHugh ( 18 - 7 ) allowed eight hits and four runs with six strikeouts in 6 2/3 innings for the win . Mitch Moreland hit a two - run double in the first inning and Rougned Odor added an RBI single for the Rangers , who have won six of their last seven games . Shin-Soo Choo hit a solo homer in the third for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Altuve led off the bottom of the third with his second home run of the game . George Springer followed with a single before Correa 's two - run homer tied it . Altuve led off the bottom of the third with his second home run of the game to make it 4 - 2 . George Springer followed with a single before Correa 's two - run homer tied it at 4 . Carter 's second home run of the game came with two outs in the sixth inning to put Texas up 5 - 4 . The Astros added a run in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Evan Gattis that made it 6 - 4 . Rasmus hit a two - run homer off Sam Freeman in the seventh .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- The Milwaukee Brewers had a lot to do with it . Khris Davis hit a tiebreaking home run in the ninth inning and the Brewers beat the St. Louis Cardinals 4 - 3 on Tuesday night to snap a four - game losing streak . The Brewers won for the 10th time in 12 games and improved to a season-high 10 games over .500 . They have won six of their last seven overall . The Brewers trailed 3 - 2 when Jean Segura doubled off Jonathan Broxton with one out in the seventh and scored on a throwing error by second baseman Greg Garcia . Rosenthal ( 2 - 3 ) came on in the ninth and got Martin Maldonado to ground into a game-ending double play . Jean Segura doubled with one out in the seventh off Jonathan Broxton and scored on a two - out error by second baseman Greg Garcia . Will Smith ( 7 - 2 ) worked a scoreless eighth for the win . Jeremy Jeffress worked the eighth and Will Smith ( 7 - 2 ) worked the eighth for the win . Francisco Rodriguez worked the ninth for his 36th save in 38 chances . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Tony Cruz doubled and scored on Matt Carpenter 's single . The Brewers tied it in the fourth when Logan Schafer doubled and scored on a wild pitch by Tyler Lyons . The Cardinals took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth . Jason Heyward walked , took second on a wild pitch and scored on Stephen Piscotty 's single . Randy Choate came in and gave up an RBI single to pinch hitter Jonathan Lucroy to cut the deficit to 3 - 2 . Seth Maness came on and struck out pinch-hitter Jason Rogers .
WASHINGTON -- The Baltimore Orioles have been in first place in the AL East since the All-Star break . The Orioles won for the seventh time in eight games , beating the Washington Nationals 4 - 1 on Wednesday night . The Orioles have won six of their last seven games , including three of their last four . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 12 - 9 ) gave up one unearned run and three hits in six innings , walking five and striking out five . Darren O'Day worked the ninth for his fourth save . Gio Gonzalez ( 11 - 8 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Orioles took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on RBI singles by Jimenez and Reimold . The Nationals scored an unearned run in the fourth . Clint Robinson reached on an error by shortstop Ian Desmond and scored on Jose Lobaton 's grounder to second baseman Jonathan Schoop . The Orioles added a run in the fifth on a single by Manny Machado and an RBI double by Chris Davis . Steve Pearce followed with an RBI double to make it 4 - 1 . Gio Gonzalez ( 11 - 8 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Nationals have lost three straight and six of seven . Brad Brach worked the eighth and eighth .
MIAMI ( AP ) -- The Philadelphia Phillies ' latest win was their best . Miguel Rojas hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning , Aaron Harang won for the first time in more than a month and the Phillies beat the Miami Marlins 6 - 2 on Friday night . The Phillies won for only the second time in their past 10 games . Harang ( 6 - 15 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked two . Miguel Rojas hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Marlins , who lost for the fourth time in five games . Asche led off the eighth with a homer off RaudLazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazJr. , and Andre Rienzo , making his first appearance of the season , and Darin Ruf hit a two - run shot . The Marlins went 1 for 12 with runners in scoring position . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Aaron Altherr doubled and scored on Darin Ruf 's double . Galvis ' two -
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- The St. Louis Cardinals have been in first place in the NL Central since the All-Star break . Stephen Piscotty doubled home the go-ahead run in the eighth inning and the Cardinals beat the Cincinnati Reds 2 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Cardinals have won three of four and are a season-best seven games over .500 ( 51 - 33 ) for the first time since June 7 . The Cardinals have won six of their last seven overall and are 5 - 1 against the Reds this season . Tommy Pham led off the eighth with a triple off J. J. Hoover ( 8 - 2 ) and scored on Jhonny Peralta 's one - out single . Jonathan Broxton ( 3 - 5 ) worked a scoreless eighth for the win . Trevor Rosenthal gave up a single to Brandon Phillips and a single to Todd Frazier with one out in the ninth before retiring pinch-hitter Brayan Pena on a grounder for his major league-leading 47th save in 49 chances . The Reds have lost four of five . Cincinnati 's John Lamb gave up five hits in six scoreless innings , striking out six and walking one . The Reds scored in the first when Jason Bourgeois drew a leadoff walk , took second on a wild pitch and scored on Brandon Phillips ' single . The Cardinals did n't get a runner to third base until Matt Carpenter and Tommy Pham led off the bottom of the first with consecutive walks . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Brandon Phillips ' RBI single .
ARLINGTON , Robinson Cano has been one of the hottest hitters in the American League . Cano hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs to lead the Seattle Mariners to a 9 - 2 victory over the Texas Rangers on Tuesday night . Cano 's homer capped a five - run fifth inning for the Mariners , who have won six of their last seven games . Cano has been on a tear since returning from the disabled list on Aug. 1 . Cano 's three - run homer in the fifth off Derek Holland ( 3 - 3 ) gave Seattle an 8 - 2 lead . Felix Hernandez ( 18 - 9 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked five . Derek Holland ( 3 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out three . The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . Mitch Moreland had a solo homer in the second for Texas , his 18th of the season . The Mariners took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth . Kyle Seager led off with a single , Nelson Cruz walked and Robinson Cano singled to tie the game at 1 . Cruz scored on a wild pitch to put the Mariners up 2 - 1 . The Rangers tied it in the bottom of the fourth when Rougned Odor hit a one - out triple and scored on Elvis Andrus ' single . The Rangers tied it at 2 in the fourth when Rougned Odor hit a one - out triple and scored on Elvis Andrus ' single .
DETROIT -- Kendrys Morales has been on a tear since coming off the disabled list . Morales homered twice and drove in three runs to lead the Kansas City Royals to a 10 - 3 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Morales led off the third inning with a homer to left . He added a two - run shot in the third off Alfredo Simon ( 13 - 10 ) , who gave up eight runs and 13 hits in 4 1/3 innings . The Royals , who have the best record in the American League , won for only the second time in their last eight games . Morales has been on a tear since returning from the disabled list on Aug. 1 . Morales led off the third with a homer to make it 3 - 0 . Kris Medlen ( 5 - 1 ) allowed three unearned runs and five hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out two . Alfredo Simon ( 13 - 10 ) gave up eight runs and 13 hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Tigers scored three unearned runs in the third on Miguel Cabrera 's RBI single , Victor Martinez 's RBI single and Nick Castellanos ' run-scoring single . Morales added a solo homer in the fourth . The Royals added a run in the sixth when Morales led off with a triple and scored on a wild pitch by Jose Valdez . Morales homered off Jeff Ferrell in the eighth to make it 10 - 3 . Morales led off the eighth with a homer off Jeff Ferrell , making it 10 - 3 . It was his first career three - homer game . Morales led off the eighth with a homer off Jeff Ferrell , who was making his major league debut . Morales led off the eighth with a homer off Jeff Ferrell , who was making his major league debut . Morales led off the eighth with a homer off Jeff Ferrell , who was making his major league debut . Morales led off the eighth with a homer off Jeff Ferrell , who was making his major league debut . Morales led off the bottom of the inning with a homer off Jeff Ferrell . He added a solo shot in the eighth off Jeff Ferrell . Morales led off the eighth with a homer off Jeff Ferrell , who was making his major league debut . Morales led off the bottom of the inning with a homer off Jeff Ferrell . He added a solo shot in the eighth off Jeff Ferrell . Morales led off the eighth with a homer off Jeff Ferrell , who was making his major league debut . Morales led off the bottom of the inning with a homer off Jeff Ferrell . He added a solo shot in the eighth off Jeff Ferrell . Morales led off the eighth with a homer off Jeff Ferrell , who was making his major league debut . Morales led off the bottom of the inning with a homer off Jeff Ferrell . He added a solo shot in the eighth off Jeff Ferrell . Morales led off the eighth with a homer off Jeff Ferrell . He also had a two - run homer in the eighth off Jeff Ferrell . Morales led off the eighth with a homer off Jeff Ferrell , who was making his major league debut . Morales led off the bottom of the inning with a homer off Jeff Ferrell . He also had a two - run homer in the eighth off Jeff Ferrell . Morales led off the eighth with a homer off Jeff Ferrell , who was making his major league debut . Morales led off the bottom of the inning with a homer off Jeff Ferrell . He added a solo shot in the eighth off Jeff Ferrell . Morales led off the bottom of the eighth with a homer off Jeff Ferrell . He also had a solo shot in the eighth off Jeff Ferrell . Morales led off the bottom of the eighth with a homer off Jeff Ferrell . He also had a two - run homer in the eighth off Jeff Ferrell . Morales led off the eighth with a homer off Jeff Ferrell . He also had a two - run homer in the eighth off Jeff Ferrell . Morales led off the eighth with a homer off Jeff Ferrell . Morales led off the bottom of the inning with a homer off Jeff Ferrell . He added a solo shot in the eighth off Jeff Ferrell . Morales led off the bottom of the inning with a homer off Jeff Ferrell . He added a solo shot in the eighth off Jeff Ferrell . Morales led off the bottom of the eighth with a homer off Jeff Ferrell . He also had a two - run homer in the eighth off Jeff Ferrell . Morales led off the eighth with a homer off Jeff Ferrell . Morales led off the bottom of the inning with a homer off Jeff Ferrell . He added a solo shot in the eighth off Jeff Ferrell . Morales led off the bottom of the inning with a homer off Jeff Ferrell . He added a solo shot in the eighth off Jeff Fer
DENVER -- Christian Bergman made the most of his opportunity . The Colorado Rockies rookie pitched 3 1/3 innings of three - hit ball to help the Colorado Rockies beat the San Diego Padres 10 - 2 on Wednesday night . Bergman ( 3 - 0 ) was activated from the disabled list before the game after being sidelined by a strained right groin . He was activated from the 15-day disabled list before the game . The Rockies scored four runs in the first off Robbie Erlin ( 0 - 1 ) , who was making his first start of the season . Erlin ( 0 - 1 ) allowed seven runs and nine hits , struck out two and walked one in three innings . The Rockies jumped on Erlin for four runs in the first , including run-scoring singles by Nolan Arenado and Carlos Gonzalez and an RBI single by Tom Murphy . Nolan Arenado had a two - out RBI single in the second to make it 5 - 0 . The Padres got a run back in the third when Wil Myers doubled , took third on a single by Bergman and scored on Justin Upton 's two - out single . The Rockies made it 8 - 1 in the fourth . Kyle Parker led off with a double and scored on Blackmon 's single . Odrisamer Despaigne replaced Erlin and gave up a run-scoring single to Wilin Rosario . Murphy homered off Marcos Mateo in the fifth to make it 9 - 1 . Jedd Gyorko hit a solo homer in the sixth for San Diego 's first run . LeMahieu added an RBI double in the eighth off Casey Kelly .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- The Baltimore Orioles found a way to win . Adam Jones hit a tiebreaking RBI single in the sixth inning and the Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . The Orioles won for the 10th time in 12 games and moved a season-high 10 games over .500 . Wei-Yin Chen ( 10 - 7 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . He struck out seven without a walk . Zach Britton pitched the ninth for his 34th save in 38 opportunities . Erasmo Ramirez ( 10 - 6 ) allowed two runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . The Rays have lost four of five . Manny Machado singled with one out in the first and went to third on Chris Davis ' double . Machado scored on a groundout by Adam Jones . Brandon Guyer led off the Rays ' first with a single and scored on Richie Shaffer 's double . The Orioles took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth when Chris Davis led off with a double and scored on Jones ' single . The Rays threatened in the seventh , putting runners on first and second with no outs , but Chen got Kevin Kiermaier to line out and struck out pinch-hitter Joey Butler . Darren O'Day pitched the eighth and Darren O'Day worked the ninth .
CLEVELAND -- Omar Infante had a big night at the plate . Infante had a three - run homer among his three hits and drove in a career-high seven runs , leading the Kansas City Royals to an 8 - 4 win over the Cleveland Indians on Friday night . Infante also had a two - run single . Infante hit a three - run homer in the second inning off Corey Kluber ( 8 - 14 ) , who gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in four innings . Yordano Ventura ( 12 - 8 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked two . Greg Holland worked the ninth for his 32nd save in 38 chances . Corey Kluber ( 8 - 14 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in four - plus innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Infante hit a three - run homer in the second to make it 3 - 0 . The Indians scored twice in the second on a single by Jose Ramirez , a single by Urshela and an RBI single by Jason Kipnis . The Royals added three runs in the fifth . Kyle Crockett walked Moustakas and hit Yan Gomes with a pitch with one out , then gave up an RBI double to Eric Hosmer and a two - run double to Infante . The Indians loaded the bases with one out in the fifth on a double by Carlos Santana , a single by Abraham Almonte and a hit batter . Jose Ramirez drove in a run with a fielder 's choice , but Ventura got Jason Kipnis to ground out to end the inning . Infante 's two - run single off Gavin Floyd made it 8 - 3 in the seventh .
PHOENIX ( AP ) -- Matt Kemp was n't going to let the game get away from him . Kemp hit a three - run homer to help the San Diego Padres beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 4 - 3 on Wednesday night . Kemp hit a 1 - 1 pitch from Robbie Ray ( 4 - 12 ) over the wall in left-center for his 21st home run of the season , a three - run shot that put the Padres up 4 - 2 in the fifth inning . It was Kemp 's fourth homer of the season and second in two games . It was Kemp 's second homer in two games . Andrew Cashner ( 6 - 15 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings , striking out six and walking two . Robbie Ray ( 4 - 12 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . Kemp hit a three - run homer off Ray in the fifth inning to give San Diego a 4 - 2 lead . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit his 21st home run of the season , a solo shot in the sixth , to cut the Padres ' lead to 4 - 3 . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Wallace doubled with one out and scored on Cory Spangenberg 's single . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth . David Peralta doubled with one out and scored on Cory Spangenberg 's two - out single to put San Diego up 2 - 1 . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a two - run single by Chris Owings .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Detroit Tigers have been waiting all season to keep their playoff hopes alive . Kevin Jepsen got Ian Kinsler to pop out with the bases loaded to end the ninth inning , and the Tigers beat the Minnesota Twins 5 - 4 on Sunday to avoid a three - game sweep . The Tigers have won six of their last seven games . Alfredo Simon ( 13 - 9 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings for the win . Bruce Rondon gave up a run in the ninth but struck out Miguel Sano for his fifth save in seven chances . Phil Hughes ( 10 - 9 ) gave up three runs on six hits and struck out four in three innings for the loss . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Victor Martinez 's RBI single and Nick Castellanos ' RBI single . The Tigers made it 3 - 0 in the second when James McCann hit a one - out double and scored on Anthony Gose 's single . The Twins got a run back in the bottom of the second when Eddie Rosario hit a one - out triple and scored on Kurt Suzuki 's two - out single . The Tigers made it 4 - 1 in the sixth when J. D. Martinez doubled and scored on Victor Martinez 's single to make it 4 - 3 . Blaine Boyer relieved Simon and got Trevor Plouffe to ground into a double play to end the inning . Miguel Sano 's two - run single off Drew VerHagen in the seventh cut the lead to 4 - 3 , but Trevor Plouffe grounded into a double play to end the inning . The Tigers added a run in the ninth against Trevor May , who walked Tyler Collins and gave up a single to McCann . Andrew Romine then laid down a sacrifice bunt to score Collins . Kevin Jepsen came in and got Trevor Plouffe to ground into a double play .
NEW YORK -- Masahiro Tanaka is making a strong case to stay in the playoff rotation . Tanaka struck out seven in seven shutout innings , and the New York Yankees beat the Toronto Blue Jays 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Tanaka ( 12 - 6 ) allowed four hits and did n't walk a batter for the second straight start , allowing only one runner to reach second base . Dustin Ackley hit a two - run homer off R. A. Dickey ( 10 - 11 ) in the fourth , and Didi Gregorius added a sacrifice fly for New York . Dickey ( 10 - 11 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Yankees loaded the bases with no outs in the second on a walk to Brian McCann , a single by Alex Rodriguez and a walk to Chase Headley . Dustin Ackley hit a sacrifice fly , and Didi Gregorius followed with a sacrifice fly . Ackley hit a two - run shot in the fourth for a 4 - 0 lead . It was his second homer in two games . Chase Headley hit a one - out single in the seventh and Didi Gregorius followed with a double , but Ryan Tepera struck out Jacoby Ellsbury to end the inning . Beltran singled with one out in the eighth and scored on a two - out double by Alex Rodriguez . Dellin Betances struck out the side in the eighth . Dellin Betances struck out the side in the eighth , and Caleb Cotham got pinch hitter Matt Hague on a groundout to end the inning . James Pazos got Josh Donaldson to ground out to first and Jose Bautista grounded out to end the inning .
PITTSBURGH -- The Pittsburgh Pirates finally found a way to win . Josh Harrison singled home the winning run with one out in the 11th inning to give the Pirates a 7 - 6 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Wednesday night . The Pirates won for the seventh time in nine games and moved within a half-game of first-place St. Louis in the NL Central . Jared Hughes ( 3 - 1 ) got Scooter Gennett to ground into an inning-ending double play with runners on first and third in the 11th . Travis Ishikawa led off the 11th with a pinch-hit single off Tyler Thornburg ( 0 - 1 ) and advanced to third on a groundout by Jordy Mercer . Sean Rodriguez was hit by a pitch to load the bases and Jordy Mercer scored on Harrison 's single to right . Jared Hughes ( 3 - 1 ) pitched the 11th for the win . Adam Lind led off the 11th with a single against Jeremy Jeffress and moved to third on Neil Walker 's single to right . Andrew McCutchen followed with an RBI single and Jung Ho Kang followed with an RBI single to tie it . The Brewers scored two runs in the third on Davis ' homer and Elian Herrera 's RBI double . The Brewers took a 5 - 1 lead in the top of the third . Jean Segura led off with a walk , advanced to second on a wild pitch and scored on Hernan Perez 's double . The Brewers pushed the lead to 5 - 1 in the third . Ryan Braun led off with a single and Davis followed with a two - run homer to left . Herrera added an RBI double to make it 5 - 1 . The Pirates cut it to 6 - 4 in the bottom of the inning on a two - run double by Travis Snider and a sacrifice fly by Jordy Mercer . The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the inning on an RBI single by McCutchen and a run-scoring single by Kang .
ATLANTA -- Bartolo Colon is making a strong push for the postseason . Colon pitched 6 2/3 strong innings to win his fourth straight start and the New York Mets beat the Atlanta Braves 7 - 2 on Wednesday night . Colon ( 14 - 11 ) gave up two runs and seven hits . He walked one and struck out two . Juan Uribe had three hits and drove in three runs , including a two - run double in the ninth . Shelby Miller ( 5 - 14 ) gave up three runs on seven hits and two walks in six innings . The Braves have lost four straight and six of seven . The Mets scored three runs in the fourth . Kevin Plawecki hit a two - run double and scored on Bartolo Colon 's single to make it 3 - 0 . The Mets added a run off Ross Detwiler in the seventh . Curtis Granderson walked , Yoenis Cespedes walked and Lucas Duda flied out before Juan Uribe singled to make it 4 - 0 . The Braves cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the seventh . Nick Swisher led off with a single off Ryan Kelly and scored on Jace Peterson 's triple into the right-field corner . Andrelton Simmons ' RBI single made it 4 - 2 , but Dario Alvarez retired Daniel Murphy on a fly ball to center . The Braves cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the seventh . Nick Swisher led off with a single and scored on Jace Peterson 's triple . Andrelton Simmons followed with an RBI single to cut the Mets ' lead to 4 - 2 , but Dario Alvarez retired Adonis Garcia and Nick Markakis to end the inning . The Braves have lost five of six .
SAN DIEGO -- The Colorado Rockies have a lot of fun to celebrate . Daniel Descalso hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth inning , and the Rockies beat the San Diego Padres 4 - 3 on Sunday to avoid a three - game sweep . The Rockies won for the fourth time in five games and remained two games ahead of St. Louis in the NL wild-card race . Descalso led off the seventh with a homer to right off Joaquin Benoit ( 6 - 5 ) to tie the game at 3 . It was his sixth of the season and second in as many games . Descalso connected on a 3 - 2 pitch from Benoit ( 6 - 5 ) to give the Rockies a 4 - 3 lead . John Axford pitched the ninth for his 21st save in 23 chances . Matt Kemp hit a solo homer for the Padres in the fourth , his fourth . Arenado hit a solo homer in the first inning to give the Rockies a 1 - 0 lead . It was his sixth of the season and second in as many games . The Padres took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Kemp 's leadoff homer and Derek Norris ' sacrifice fly . The Padres added a run in the fifth when Wil Myers led off with a single and Jedd Gyorko singled before De La Rosa walked Matt Kemp to load the bases . Myers scored on Derek Norris ' sacrifice fly to put San Diego ahead 3 - 1 . Dickerson 's two - out homer in the sixth was his 11th . De La Rosa allowed three runs and six hits in five innings , struck out six and walked three .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox are on a roll . Michael Brantley hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and the White Sox beat the Cleveland Indians 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . Rodon ( 7 - 6 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked one . David Robertson got the last out of the ninth , and David Robertson got the final two outs of the inning . Carlos Carrasco ( 12 - 10 ) gave up four runs and four hits in 2 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . Brantly hit a three - run homer in the second inning to give Chicago a 3 - 0 lead . Abreu added a solo shot in the third , his 12th of the season and second in as many games . Mike Martinez doubled with one out in the fifth and scored on Mike Aviles ' two - out single to make it 4 - 1 . The White Sox added a run in the fifth when Alexei Ramirez led off with a double and scored on Jose Abreu 's single off Austin Adams . Thompson 's two - out , two - run single in the seventh off Ryan Webb made it 7 - 1 . Michael Brantley hit a two - run homer off Nate Jones in the eighth for Cleveland .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- The Chicago White Sox are going to have to make a run at the playoffs . Jose Abreu drove in two runs , Avisail Garcia drove in two runs and the White Sox beat the Kansas City Royals 7 - 5 on Wednesday night . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . Erik Johnson ( 1 - 0 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked none . David Robertson worked the ninth for his 29th save in 32 opportunities . Johnny Cueto ( 9 - 11 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in three - plus innings . The White Sox jumped on Cueto for three runs in the first inning . Eaton led off with a single , took third on Alexei Ramirez 's double and scored on Jose Abreu 's single . Melky Cabrera walked to load the bases , and Garcia followed with a two - run single . Salvador Perez cut the White Sox lead to 3 - 1 in the bottom of the second with a two - out homer . The White Sox padded their lead in the third . Melky Cabrera led off the inning with a single and Avisail Garcia walked before LaRoche singled to center . Dyson 's homer leading off the sixth was the Royals ' first hit off Johnson , who gave up three runs and five hits in six - plus innings . Jake Petricka came on in the seventh and hit Salvador Perez with a pitch to start the inning . Eaton went to third on Paulo Orlando 's double and scored on Jarrod Dyson 's single . Alcides Escobar 's sacrifice fly scored Orlando . Abreu added a sacrifice fly in the ninth off Ryan Madson .
DETROIT -- J. D. Martinez is making the most of his opportunity . Martinez homered for the first time in more than a year , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Cleveland Indians 6 - 0 on Tuesday night . J. D. Martinez also went deep for the second straight day , hitting a two - run shot . The Tigers have won six of their last seven games . Alfredo Simon ( 12 - 9 ) allowed two hits in seven shutout innings , walking four and striking out five . Danny Salazar ( 12 - 8 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on James McCann 's RBI single . Martinez 's homer made it 3 - 0 in the third . The Tigers made it 6 - 0 in the fourth when Collins hit a solo homer and Rajai Davis tripled home a run . The Tigers made it 6 - 0 in the fourth . Collins hit a solo homer with one out , and Rajai Davis tripled to make it 5 - 0 . Ian Kinsler followed with an RBI single to make it 6 - 0 . Michael Brantley 's two - out double in the sixth was the Indians ' only hit until Brantley 's two - out double in the sixth . Carlos Santana walked before Lonnie Chisenhall popped out to end the inning . Michael Martinez led off the eighth with a single off Alex Wilson , who struck out Jason Kipnis . Francisco Lindor reached on an error by second baseman Jason Kipnis , but Wilson got Michael Brantley to line into a double play .
MIAMI -- Martin Prado had a career-high five hits and drove in two runs . Prado doubled home the winning run with two outs in the 11th inning and the Miami Marlins beat the New York Mets 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Marlins have won four of their past five games . Cole Gillespie led off the 11th with a single against Erik Goeddel ( 0 - 1 ) , who was making his major league debut . Dee Gordon popped out on a bunt attempt , but Prado hit a 3 - 2 pitch from Eric O'Flaherty over the head of center fielder Martin Prado to score Yelich . Brian Ellington ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 11th for his first major league win . Mets shortstop Wilmer Flores left the game in the top of the ninth with a bruised left knee after he was hit by a pitch from reliever A. J. Ramos . X-rays were negative . Yoenis Cespedes hit a two - run homer off Mike Dunn in the seventh to give the Mets a 4 - 3 lead . Dee Gordon and Christian Yelich singled to start the seventh against Sean Gilmartin , and Martin Prado singled home a run . After Justin Bour struck out , Derek Dietrich 's single loaded the bases . Addison Reed came on and walked Marcell Ozuna on a 3 - 2 pitch to force in the go-ahead run . The Marlins took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth . Martin Prado led off with a double and scored on Justin Bour 's single . Derek Dietrich singled and Marcell Ozuna singled to load the bases . J. T. Realmuto hit a sacrifice fly and Miguel Rojas singled home another run . The Mets scored twice in the sixth to cut the deficit to 3 - 2 . Yoenis Cespedes led off with a triple and scored on a groundout by Michael Conforto . Travis d'Arnaud walked , Marcell Ozuna reached on an infield single and Johnson singled home a run .
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) -- Albert Pujols is n't sure if he 'll be ready to play again this season . Pujols hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs to help the Los Angeles Angels beat the Oakland Athletics 9 - 4 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Pujols went 2 - for - 5 with three RBIs in his return to the lineup after missing two games because of a sore left knee . Josh Phegley hit a two - run homer in the first inning for the A 's , who lost for the fourth time in five games . Pujols hit a two - run homer in the second off Sonny Gray ( 12 - 7 ) to give the Angels a 6 - 3 lead . Heaney ( 6 - 2 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in seven innings , struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Sonny Gray ( 12 - 7 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . He walked one and struck out two . The A 's lost for the fifth time in six games and fell a half-game behind first-place Texas in the AL West . The Angels took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by David Murphy and a run-scoring groundout by C. J. Cron . David Freese added an RBI single to make it 4 - 0 . Pujols hit a two - run homer in the second to make it 6 - 3 . The Angels added a run in the eighth on C. J. Cron 's RBI double off Pat Venditte and Freese 's RBI single off R. J. Alvarez . The Angels added a run in the ninth when pinch-runner Collin Cowgill scored on Pujols ' fielder 's choice . Fernando Abad replaced Otero and got Collin Cowgill to ground into a fielder 's choice to end the threat .
CHICAGO -- Joey Votto is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Votto hit a three - run homer in the ninth inning to lift the Cincinnati Reds to a 7 - 4 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Hector Rondon ( 5 - 3 ) gave up three runs -- three earned -- and three hits in one inning . Reds center fielder Ryan LaMarre left the game in the top of the ninth with a strained left hamstring after pinch-hitter Tucker Barnhart grounded out to first . He was replaced by Ryan LaMarre to start the bottom of the ninth . Votto said he was n't sure if he 'd be able to play Sunday . Votto hit a two - run homer off J. J. Hoover ( 7 - 0 ) in the eighth to tie it at 4 . Aroldis Chapman gave up a leadoff single to Austin Jackson in the ninth , then struck out Addison Russell and got pinch-hitter Javier Baez to ground into a fielder 's choice to earn his 27th save in 31 chances . Kris Bryant hit a tying two - run homer off J. J. Hoover ( 7 - 0 ) in the eighth to tie it at 4 . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the top of the first on Jason Bourgeois ' first home run of the season . The Reds added a run in the second when Brayan Pena doubled and scored on Eugenio Suarez 's single . Tommy La Stella got the Cubs on the board with a solo homer in the third . The Reds regained the lead in the fifth . Eugenio Suarez led off with a double and scored on Iglesias ' triple to put the Reds up 3 - 2 . The Reds made it 4 - 2 in the sixth on consecutive singles by Joey Votto and Brandon Phillips and an RBI groundout by Pena .
TORONTO -- R. A. Dickey 's knuckleball was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Dickey pitched a four - hitter for his second complete game of the season and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Cleveland Indians 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 10 - 10 ) allowed one run and four hits in his second complete game of the season and second complete game . He walked none and struck out six . Dickey retired the first 10 batters he faced before Jason Kipnis singled with one out in the ninth . Francisco Lindor then grounded into a double play . Trevor Bauer ( 10 - 11 ) allowed five runs and six hits in 1 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out two . The Blue Jays jumped on Bauer for two runs in the first . Ben Revere singled , stole second and scored on Josh Donaldson 's single . Jose Bautista walked and Edwin Encarnacion walked to load the bases for Tulowitzki , who drove in Donaldson with a sacrifice fly . Cleveland cut it to 5 - 1 in the fourth when Jason Kipnis singled , took third on Francisco Lindor 's single and scored on Carlos Santana 's single . The Indians made it 5 - 1 in the fourth when Jason Kipnis singled , took third on Francisco Lindor 's single and scored on Carlos Santana 's single . The Indians did n't get a runner to third base until the eighth , when Chris Johnson hit a grounder to the mound . Abraham Almonte made a strong throw to the plate to retire Lonnie Chisenhall , who tried to stretch it into a double . Jason Kipnis singled with one out in the ninth but Francisco Lindor grounded into a double play .
NEW YORK -- For one night at least , it was Ruben Tejada . Tejada hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs , and the New York Mets beat the Philadelphia Phillies 9 - 4 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Tejada , who has been in a season-long slump , hit a two - run homer and a two - run double in the opener of a four - game series . The Mets won for the seventh time in nine games and moved a half-game ahead of Atlanta in the NL East . Matt Harvey ( 12 - 7 ) struck out nine in 6 1/3 innings , allowing four runs and nine hits . Aaron Nola ( 5 - 2 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in four - plus innings . He struck out four and walked none . The Mets took a 3 - 0 lead in the second . David Wright led off with a single and scored on Kelly Johnson 's two - out double . Tejada followed with a two - run shot into the second deck in right field for a 3 - 0 lead . The Mets made it 6 - 0 in the third on Daniel Murphy 's RBI double and Conforto 's two - run homer . The Phillies got a run back in the fifth on Erik Kratz 's pinch-hit , two - run double and Cesar Hernandez 's RBI single off Sean Gilmartin . Darnell Sweeney hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Cespedes homered off Colton Murray in the eighth .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- The Milwaukee Brewers are on a roll . Adam Lind hit a two - run double in Milwaukee 's four - run first inning and the Brewers beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 7 - 4 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Brewers have won six of their last seven games , including three in a row . Nelson ( 11 - 10 ) gave up one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter . Aramis Ramirez and Jung Ho Kang hit consecutive homers in the ninth for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Gerrit Cole ( 15 - 8 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in four innings . The Brewers scored four runs in the first off Cole ( 15 - 8 ) . Elian Herrera led off the inning with a double and scored on Neil Walker 's single to make it 5 - 0 . The Pirates got a run back in the fifth when Kang doubled and scored on Neil Walker 's single to make it 5 - 1 . Pedro Alvarez hit a solo homer off Corey Knebel in the eighth to make it 5 - 2 , but Knebel struck out pinch hitter Travis Snider and Gregory Polanco to end the inning . The Brewers added two runs in the eighth on Aramis Ramirez 's solo homer and Jung Ho Kang 's second homer of the season , a two - run shot by Jung Ho Kang . Francisco Rodriguez came on and got Pedro Alvarez to fly out for his 32nd save in 34 chances .
DENVER -- The Arizona Diamondbacks had a chance to win the game . Aaron Hill hit a tying , two - run double in the seventh inning and A. J. Pollock added a two - run homer as the Diamondbacks rallied to beat the Colorado Rockies 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Diamondbacks won for the 10th time in 12 games and maintained a two - game lead over San Francisco in the NL West . Rubby De La Rosa ( 12 - 6 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Scott Oberg ( 3 - 4 ) came on in the seventh and hit Phil Gosselin with a pitch to start the inning . After Chris Owings walked , Jairo Diaz came on to face Hill , who lined a 1 - 2 pitch into the gap in left-center to score both runners and tie the game at 3 . Ben Paulsen followed with a run-scoring single to make it 5 - 3 , but Josh Collmenter pitched the final two innings for his first save . Collmenter has been the subject of trade speculation for a while . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Paul Goldschmidt 's 20th home run of the season , but the Rockies responded with two runs in the bottom of the inning . Nolan Arenado hit a two - run homer and Ben Paulsen added an RBI double in the bottom half to make it 2 - 1 . The Rockies made it 3 - 1 in the third on Ben Paulsen 's RBI double . Kendrick allowed one run and three hits , struck out two and walked two in four innings . Kyle Kendrick gave up one run and three hits in four innings .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Johnny Cueto was n't going to throw a no-hitter . Cueto pitched a two - hitter for his first major league shutout and the Kansas City Royals beat the New York Mets 7 - 1 on Wednesday night . Cueto ( 1 - 0 ) , who had been 0 - 3 with a 10.91 ERA in his first four starts , allowed one run on two hits and three walks in his first career complete game . He struck out four and walked three in his first career complete game . The only hit he allowed was a walk to Daniel Murphy with two outs in the ninth inning , but Cueto got Yoenis Cespedes to fly out to end the game . The Royals scored four runs in the fifth off Jacob deGrom ( 0 - 1 ) , who was making his first start in the majors . The Royals scored three runs in the eighth off Jonathon Niese , who was making his major league debut . Mike Moustakas led off the inning with a single and Salvador Perez followed with a double . Alex Gordon followed with an RBI double off Addison Reed and scored on Paulo Orlando 's sacrifice fly . Kendrys Morales singled and scored on Mike Moustakas ' single to give the Royals a 4 - 1 lead . Cueto walked Curtis Granderson leading off the fourth and then walked Daniel Murphy . Yoenis Cespedes grounded to first baseman Lucas Duda , who threw to second for the forceout . Murphy scored on Lucas Duda 's single . The Royals loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth , but deGrom escaped by getting Salvador Perez to ground out . The Royals loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth on a single by Mike Moustakas , a double by Salvador Perez and a walk to Mike Moustakas . But Sean Gilmartin came in and retired Salvador Perez on a groundout to end the inning . The Royals added three runs in the eighth off Jonathon Niese , who was making his major league debut . Mike Moustakas led off with a single and Salvador Perez followed with a double . Alex Gordon followed with an RBI double and Paulo Orlando hit a sacrifice fly off Addison Reed . Alcides Escobar tripled home Gordon for a 7 - 1 lead . Sean Gilmartin came in and retired Ben Zobrist on a grounder to end the inning . The Mets threatened in the ninth when Murphy walked with two outs , but Yoenis Cespedes flied out to end the inning .
TORONTO ( AP ) -- Marco Estrada is making a strong case to stay in the rotation . Estrada pitched two - hit ball into the seventh inning and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Kansas City Royals 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Estrada ( 1 - 1 ) allowed one run and three hits in a season-high 7 2/3 innings , walked one and struck out five . He walked one and struck out five . Salvador Perez hit a solo homer off Estrada in the eighth , but the Royals lost for the fifth time in six games . Troy Tulowitzki had two hits and three RBIs for Toronto , including a three - run double in the sixth . Edinson Volquez ( 1 - 1 ) allowed five runs and three hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out two . Colabello opened the scoring with a one - out drive to left in the second , his fifth . The Blue Jays broke it open with a four - run sixth . Ben Revere drew a leadoff walk , Donaldson was hit by a pitch and Jose Bautista walked to load the bases for Encarnacion , who walked to force in a run and chase Volquez . Kelvin Herrera came on and struck out Chris Colabello before Tulowitzki greeted Kelvin Herrera with a three - run double . The Blue Jays made it 6 - 0 in the seventh when Josh Donaldson doubled off Danny Duffy and scored on Jose Bautista 's double . The Blue Jays made it 7 - 1 in the eighth when Kevin Pillar hit an RBI double off Danny Duffy . Salvador Perez hit a solo homer off Estrada in the eighth , but the Royals could n't hold on . Kevin Pillar added an RBI double in the eighth off Royals reliever Danny Duffy , who allowed two runs and four hits in two - plus innings . Kevin Pillar made it 7 - 1 in the eighth with an RBI double off Royals reliever Danny Duffy .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Johnny Cueto was n't sure what to expect from his first major league victory . Cueto pitched eight strong innings and the Kansas City Royals beat the Houston Astros 7 - 2 on Wednesday night . Cueto ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs and two hits , struck out eight and walked none to win for the first time in five starts . Luis Valbuena hit a two - run homer in the second inning for the Astros , who have lost three straight and six of seven . Morales hit a three - run homer off Dallas Keuchel in the eighth to give the Royals a 7 - 2 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Keuchel this season . Luis Valbuena hit a two - run homer in the second inning for the Astros , who have lost five of six . Collin McHugh ( 1 - 1 ) , who had won his previous two starts , gave up three runs on five hits and a walk in four - plus innings . McHugh hit Salvador Perez with a pitch to lead off the bottom of the inning , then gave up a double to Alex Gordon . Rios followed with a double down the right-field line to score Perez and Gordon . Rios scored on Ben Zobrist 's sacrifice fly . Collin McHugh ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs on five hits and a walk in four - plus innings . McHugh hit Salvador Perez with a pitch to start the fifth , and Alex Gordon doubled to put runners at second and third with no outs . Rios followed with a double down the left-field line to score Perez and Gordon . Rios scored on Ben Zobrist 's sacrifice fly . Houston center fielder Carlos Gomez robbed Carlos Correa of a home run leading off the seventh with a leaping catch at the wall in center field . Morales hit a three - run homer off Dallas Keuchel in the eighth .
ARLINGTON , David Price ( 1 - 1 ) got his first major league win . Josh Donaldson and Chris Colabello homered in a three - run seventh inning , and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Texas Rangers 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Price ( 1 - 1 ) struck out two while allowing three runs and six hits over three innings . Josh Donaldson and Chris Colabello hit two - run homers in the first off Derek Holland ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up six runs and five hits in two - plus innings . Kevin Pillar had a two - run homer in the second for the Blue Jays , who have won four of their last five games . Pillar had a two - run homer among his three hits and Chris Colabello added a two - run shot as the Blue Jays won for the fourth time in five games . The Rangers had a runner thrown out at the plate in the third when Prince Fielder hit a grounder to third baseman Adrian Beltre , who threw to second baseman Ryan Goins for the out . The Rangers made it 7 - 1 in the bottom of the third on a wild pitch by Dickey . Elvis Andrus had an RBI single in the bottom of the inning to make it 8 - 2 , but Price struck out pinch-hitter Drew Stubbs to end the inning . Shin-Soo Choo had a leadoff single in the eighth and scored on a groundout by Mitch Moreland . Elvis Andrus had an RBI single before Aaron Sanchez struck out pinch hitter Drew Stubbs to end the inning . Holland gave up six runs and five hits in two - plus innings . He struck out none and walked one .
ARLINGTON , Hamels ( AP ) -- The way Cole Hamels has been pitching lately , it was n't a surprise . Hamels pitched a three - hitter for his second complete game of the season , and the Texas Rangers beat the Los Angeles Angels 9 - 2 on Wednesday night . Hamels ( 13 - 8 ) struck out eight and walked two while throwing 73 of his 108 pitches for strikes . Adrian Beltre hit a tiebreaking two - run homer in the fifth off Garrett Richards ( 15 - 12 ) , who allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . Cam Bedrosian walked Chris Gimenez leading off the seventh , Delino DeShields singled and Shin-Soo Choo walked to load the bases before Fielder walked on a 3 - 2 pitch to make it 4 - 2 . Mitch Moreland 's sacrifice fly made it 5 - 2 , and Elvis Andrus added a two - run double to make it 9 - 2 . Wesley Wright and Cory Rasmus completed the three - hitter . Hamels ( 13 - 8 ) struck out eight and walked two in his second complete game of the season and first since June 12 . He retired the first 10 batters he faced before Mike Trout doubled with two outs in the first . Pujols followed with a two - run homer to left . The Rangers got within 2 - 1 in the bottom of the first when Delino DeShields walked , took third on Shin-Soo Choo 's walk and scored on Prince Fielder 's single . Beltre 's two - run homer in the fifth off Richards ( 15 - 12 ) gave the Rangers a 3 - 2 lead . The Angels had a chance to add to their lead in the sixth when they had runners on first and second with one out , but Hamels got C. J. Cron to fly out to end the inning . Angels reliever Cam Bedrosian walked Chris Gimenez leading off the seventh and DeShields singled to put runners at first and second with no outs . Cesar Ramos then walked Shin-Soo Choo to load the bases before Fielder walked to make it 4 - 2 . Richards allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- Kyle Hendricks is making a strong bid for his first major league complete game . Hendricks pitched six shutout innings , and the Chicago Cubs beat the Milwaukee Brewers 1 - 0 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Hendricks ( 8 - 7 ) allowed one hit and struck out eight , walked none and lowered his ERA to 3.95 . Hector Rondon pitched the ninth for his 30th save in 34 chances . Tyler Wagner ( 0 - 2 ) gave up one run and seven hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Brewers have been shut out in three of their last four games . The Cubs grabbed a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Chris Coghlan tripled and scored on Addison Russell 's single . The Cubs loaded the bases with one out in the fifth , but Wagner struck out Kris Bryant and got Anthony Rizzo to ground out to end the inning . The Cubs have won six of their last seven games , including three of their last four games . The Brewers were shut out for the third time this season . The Brewers threatened in the eighth when Domingo Santana drew a leadoff walk and went to third on Hernan Perez 's one - out single . Martin Maldonado then hit into a double play to end the inning . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth for Chicago .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- CC Sabathia was n't sure what to expect . Sabathia won for the first time in more than a month , leading the New York Yankees to a 4 - 1 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night . Sabathia ( 6 - 10 ) gave up one run and six hits in five innings , striking out three and walking three . Dellin Betances pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save in 12 chances . Rich Hill ( 2 - 1 ) gave up two runs and four hits in six - plus innings . He struck out six and walked three . The Red Sox have lost four straight and six of seven . Beltran led off the second with his 21st home run , and Brendan Ryan added an RBI single for a 2 - 0 lead . The Red Sox cut it to 2 - 1 in the fifth . Deven Marrero and Sandy Leon opened with singles and scored on Mookie Betts ' one - out single . Didi Gregorius followed with a single , but Jean Machi struck out Brendan Ryan and Brett Gardner to end the inning . Bird homered off Jean Machi in the seventh to make it 3 - 1 . Rob Refsnyder hit a solo homer off Heath Hembree in the eighth to make it 4 - 1 . The Red Sox cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the fifth . Deven Marrero and Sandy Leon opened with singles and scored on Mookie Betts ' single . Xander Bogaerts was intentionally walked to load the bases before Travis Shaw flied out .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Mitch Moreland and the rest of the Texas Rangers had a big offensive night . Moreland hit a three - run homer in a seven - run third inning , and the Rangers beat the Los Angeles Angels 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Moreland 's homer was his fourth of the season and second in as many games . He hit a two - run shot in the third off Matt Shoemaker ( 1 - 4 ) , who gave up seven runs and nine hits in 2 1/3 innings . Derek Holland ( 3 - 1 ) struck out one and did n't walk a batter in six innings . The Rangers scored seven runs in the third off Matt Shoemaker ( 1 - 4 ) , who gave up seven runs and nine hits in 2 1/3 innings . Holland ( 3 - 1 ) struck out one , walked none and did n't allow a runner past first base . Albert Pujols and C. J. Cron had consecutive RBI singles for the Angels in the ninth . Matt Shoemaker ( 1 - 4 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 2 1/3 innings , his shortest start of the season . The right-hander struck out one , walked none and allowed nine hits . The Angels , who have the worst record in the majors , have lost five of their last six games . Rougned Odor had a leadoff double in the first and scored on Prince Fielder 's two - out double . Kole Calhoun had a triple and scored on C. J. Cron 's two - out triple in the second for the Angels . Rougned Odor led off the Rangers ' first with a double and scored on Fielder 's double .
LOS ANGELES -- The Miami Marlins are starting to look like a team that has n't had a winning record since the All-Star break . Dee Gordon singled home the go-ahead run in the seventh inning , Martin Prado singled home the go-ahead run and the Marlins beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 5 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Marlins ' winning streak is their longest since a nine - game run in June 2008 . Fernandez ( 2 - 2 ) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings , struck out eight and walked three . A. J. Ramos gave up a run in the ninth before striking out Corey Seager for his sixth save in six chances . Kenta Maeda ( 3 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings , struck out five and walked one . The Marlins took a 2 - 1 lead in the seventh on Dee Gordon 's RBI single and Martin Prado 's RBI single . Stanton homered off Pedro Baez leading off the eighth , extending the Dodgers ' lead to 5 - 2 . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Yasmani Grandal 's RBI double and Yasiel Puig 's RBI single . J. T. Realmuto hit a solo homer in the second for the Marlins , who had won three of four . Realmuto homered on the first pitch he saw from Maeda with two outs in the second . The Dodgers loaded the bases with one out in the fifth , but Fernandez struck out Yasmani Grandal .
SEATTLE -- The Houston Astros are finally starting to find a way to win . Jose Altuve homered and drove in two runs , Carlos Correa drove in a run and the Astros beat the Seattle Mariners 7 - 4 on Wednesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Astros have won six of their last seven games . Collin McHugh ( 2 - 3 ) gave up two runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked one . Hisashi Iwakuma ( 0 - 3 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Robinson Cano gave the Mariners a 1 - 0 lead in the first with his first home run of the season , a two - out solo shot that barely cleared the wall in right field . The Astros added a run in the third on Altuve 's RBI double and Correa 's RBI single . The Mariners added a run in the third on consecutive two - out doubles by Seth Smith and Robinson Cano . The Astros added a pair of runs in the fifth . Jason Castro drew a leadoff walk and Altuve doubled to put runners on second and third . Iwakuma struck out George Springer , but Rasmus singled to score Castro and make it 4 - 2 . Will Harris came on and gave up a single to Lee before striking out Preston Tucker to end the inning . Gattis ' two - run double off Mayckol Guaipe in the seventh made it 7 - 3 . The Mariners added a run in the ninth off Luke Gregerson on an RBI groundout by Robinson Cano .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Joey Rickard got his first big league hit , a three - run homer . Rickard hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs to lead the Baltimore Orioles to a 3 - 1 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Friday night . Rickard , who hit a solo homer in the fifth inning of the Orioles ' 4 - 3 win over the Rays on Friday night , hit a three - run shot off Matt Moore ( 1 - 2 ) in the fifth to give the Orioles a 3 - 0 lead . It was Rickard 's first career homer in the majors . Chris Tillman ( 2 - 1 ) gave up two hits in 6 2/3 innings , striking out nine and walking two . Zach Britton gave up an RBI single to Steve Pearce in the ninth before finishing for his fifth save in five opportunities . Matt Moore ( 1 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in seven innings . He struck out nine and walked two . Rickard put the Orioles up 3 - 0 in the fifth when he hit a three - run homer off Moore . The Rays , who have lost six of their last eight games , dropped to 1 - 5 on their 10-game road trip . Tampa Bay had runners on second and third with one out in the fourth , but failed to score when Corey Dickerson struck out and Desmond Jennings fouled out to end the inning . The Rays did n't get a runner past first base until Logan Morrison led off the fifth with a single . After Logan Morrison drew a two - out walk in the seventh , Darren O'Day came in and retired Steven Souza Jr. on a fly to center .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- The New York Yankees are on a roll . Brian McCann homered and drove in three runs , and New York beat the Tampa Bay Rays 6 - 3 Sunday for a three - game sweep . The Yankees won for the fifth time in six games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . Brian McCann hit a go-ahead , two - run homer in the sixth inning , and Mark Teixeira had three hits and scored twice for the Yankees , who took two of three from the Rays . Jacoby Ellsbury hit a two - run double off Ryan Webb in the eighth to give the Yankees a 6 - 3 lead . Andrew Miller pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save in four chances . Matt Moore ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Rays loaded the bases with one out in the second on a walk and singles by Steven Souza Jr. and Steven Souza Jr. and a walk to Tim Beckham before Logan Forsythe hit a two - run double . McCann tied it with a two - run homer in the second . The Rays took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth . Logan Forsythe hit a two - out double and scored on Guyer 's single to center . The Rays took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth . Logan Forsythe doubled with two outs and scored on Guyer 's single . New York loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth on a single by Jacoby Ellsbury and a walk to Brett Gardner , but Starlin Castro flied out .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Jeff Samardzija had a big smile on his face after his first career complete game . Samardzija drove in three runs with a pair of hits and drove in three runs , leading the San Francisco Giants to an 8 - 1 victory over the Miami Marlins on Friday night . Samardzija ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and six hits in 7 2/3 innings , struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the second time in his last four starts . The Giants jumped on Jarred Cosart ( 0 - 1 ) for three runs in the first inning , then added two more runs in the fifth . Buster Posey led off the fifth with a single and Brandon Belt followed with a single . Cosart intentionally walked Brandon Crawford to load the bases for Samardzija , who singled to right to drive in Posey . Jarred Cosart ( 0 - 1 ) , making his second start of the season , gave up six runs and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked six and struck out one . Brandon Belt and Brandon Crawford hit RBI singles in the first to give San Francisco a 3 - 0 lead . Samardzija also hit a two - run double in the fourth to cut the Giants ' lead to 3 - 1 . Marcell Ozuna followed with a single , but Samardzija struck out Derek Dietrich and got Adeiny Hechavarria to line out to end the inning . The Giants added three runs in the fifth on RBI singles by Samardzija , Pagan and Span . Samardzija 's two - run double in the sixth off Jose Urena made it 8 - 1 . Samardzija also hit a two - out , two - run double in the third to put San Francisco up 3 - 0 . Samardzija also drove in a run with a single in the eighth .
HOUSTON -- The Boston Red Sox are finally starting to find a way to win . Mookie Betts had four hits , including a triple in the ninth inning , and the Red Sox beat the Houston Astros 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Red Sox won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . Steven Wright ( 1 - 2 ) allowed four hits and an unearned run in 6 2/3 innings for his first win of the season . He struck out six and walked five . Craig Kimbrel got the last out for his fifth save . Collin McHugh ( 1 - 3 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings . The Red Sox scored two runs in the first inning on an RBI single by Pedroia and a sacrifice fly by Hanley Ramirez . Jackie Bradley Jr. doubled with one out in the second and scored on a double by Betts to push the lead to 3 - 0 . The Red Sox added a run in the third on an RBI single by Brock Holt . Mookie Betts singled in the fourth and scored on a double by Bogaerts to make it 5 - 0 . The Astros added a run in the seventh when Carlos Gomez scored on a passed ball by catcher Ryan Hanigan and Heath Hembree came in and walked Jose Altuve to load the bases before Heath Hembree came on and struck out George Springer . Betts tripled off Luke Gregerson in the ninth and scored on a wild pitch .
SAN DIEGO -- Gerrit Cole is making the most of his opportunity . Cole won for the first time in more than a year and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the San Diego Padres 11 - 1 on Wednesday night . Cole ( 1 - 2 ) allowed four hits in six innings , struck out seven and walked none . Josh Harrison had two hits and drove in two runs for the Pirates , who scored seven runs in the seventh . The Padres , who have the worst record in the majors , have lost four of five . James Shields ( 0 - 3 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings , struck out five and walked two . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Gregory Polanco hit a two - out double and scored on Harrison 's single . The Pirates scored three runs in the fourth . Starling Marte led off with a single and scored on Josh Harrison 's single . Harrison later scored on Cole 's wild pitch to give the Pirates a 3 - 0 lead . The Pirates broke it open with five runs in the seventh against Leonel Campos , who was making his major league debut . John Jaso hit an RBI double and David Freese added a two - run single . Travis Jankowski , who entered as a defensive replacement in the eighth , made a diving catch of Travis Jankowski 's line drive to end the inning . Jon Jay had an RBI single in the eighth off Rob Scahill , who was making his major league debut . The Padres have lost four of five .
CLEVELAND -- The Seattle Mariners had a lot of fun . Robinson Cano hit a three - run homer in the 10th inning , and the Mariners rallied to beat the Cleveland Indians 10 - 7 on Tuesday night . Tony Zych ( 1 - 0 ) pitched the ninth for the win . Cano 's homer off Cody Allen ( 0 - 1 ) gave Seattle a 10 - 7 lead . Steve Cishek pitched a perfect 10th for his third save in three chances . The Mariners , who have the worst record in the American League , have won six of their last seven games . The Indians , who have lost five of six , fell to 1 - 5 on their 10-game homestand . Clevenger 's two - run homer in the second off Cody Anderson gave Seattle a 2 - 0 lead . The Mariners added three runs in the fourth . Adam Lind singled , Steve Clevenger singled and Ketel Marte singled to load the bases . Nori Aoki 's RBI single made it 3 - 0 , Seth Smith hit a sacrifice fly and Nelson Cruz walked with the bases loaded to make it 5 - 0 . The Mariners added two runs in the sixth off Trevor Bauer . Carlos Santana drew a leadoff walk and scored on Ramirez 's one - out double . Ramirez scored on Lonnie Chisenhall 's single off Nick Vincent to make it 7 - 5 . Mike Napoli hit a two - run homer off Joaquin Benoit in the eighth to make it 7 - 7 .
BALTIMORE -- Manny Machado was n't sure what to expect when he came to the plate with the bases loaded and one out . Machado hit a tiebreaking double in the eighth inning , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Toronto Blue Jays 3 - 2 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Manny Machado had two hits and drove in two runs for the AL East leaders , who took two of three from the AL East-leading New York Yankees . The Orioles have won six of their last eight games . Machado hit an RBI double off Brett Cecil ( 0 - 3 ) in the eighth to give Baltimore a 3 - 2 lead . Darren O'Day ( 1 - 0 ) worked the eighth for the win . Toronto 's Marco Estrada gave up one run and six hits in five innings , striking out nine and walking four . The Blue Jays used a two - run first inning to go up 2 - 0 . Michael Saunders led off with a single and scored on a double by Josh Donaldson . Edwin Encarnacion drew a one - out walk and Russell Martin was hit by a pitch before Smoak walked to force in a run . In the bottom half , Joey Rickard led off with a single and scored on a single by Manny Machado . Adam Jones doubled and Chris Davis walked before Estrada struck out Mark Trumbo and got Matt Wieters to ground into a double play . The Orioles got a run back in the bottom half when Joey Rickard singled and scored on a single by Manny Machado . Adam Jones doubled and Chris Davis walked before Estrada struck out Mark Trumbo and got Matt Wieters to ground into an inning-ending double play . The Orioles tied it in the bottom half on a single by Matt Wieters , an RBI single by Manny Machado and a sacrifice fly by J. J. Hardy . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy , but the Orioles tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy , but the Orioles tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy , but the Orioles tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy , but the Orioles tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy , but the Orioles tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy , but the Orioles tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy , but the Orioles tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy , but the Orioles tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy , but the Orioles tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy , but the Orioles tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy , but the Orioles tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy , but the Orioles tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy , but the Orioles tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy , but the Orioles tied it in the bottom half on a bases-loaded sacrifice fly by Hardy . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy , but the Orioles tied it in the bottom half on a bases-loaded sacrifice fly by Hardy . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy , but the Orioles tied it in the bottom half on a bases-loaded sacrifice fly by Hardy . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy , but the Orioles tied it in the bottom half on a bases-loaded sacrifice fly by Hardy . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy , but the Orioles tied it in the bottom half on a bases-loaded sacrifice fly by Hardy . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy , but the Orioles tied it in the bottom half on a bases-loaded sacrifice fly by Hardy . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy , but the Orioles tied it in the bottom half on a bases-loaded sacrifice fly by Hardy . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Hardy , but the Orioles tied it in the bottom half
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Edinson Volquez is making a strong case to stay in the rotation . Volquez pitched seven shutout innings to win his third straight start , and the Kansas City Royals beat the Detroit Tigers 4 - 0 on Wednesday night . Volquez ( 3 - 0 ) gave up five hits , struck out five and walked one . The Royals scored four runs in the fourth off Mike Pelfrey ( 0 - 3 ) . Omar Infante led off the inning with a double and scored on Alcides Escobar 's sacrifice fly . Mike Moustakas followed with a solo homer , and Moustakas added a solo shot . Mike Pelfrey ( 0 - 3 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out two . The Tigers have lost five of their last six games . Alcides Escobar led off the first inning with a double and scored on Cain 's single . The Tigers loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth , but Volquez struck out Jarrod Saltalamacchia to end the inning . The Tigers loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth , but Volquez struck out Jarrod Saltalamacchia to end the inning . The Tigers did n't get a runner to third base until Jose Iglesias singled with two outs in the third , but Ian Kinsler was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Jose Iglesias singled with two outs in the third for Kansas City 's first hit , but was thrown out by Ian Kinsler trying to stretch it into a double . The Tigers put two runners on with two outs in the ninth , but Danny Duffy worked a perfect ninth .
MIAMI -- Bryce Harper 's first career grand slam was a big one . Harper hit his first career grand slam and drove in four runs , and the Washington Nationals beat the Miami Marlins 7 - 0 on Tuesday night . Harper 's grand slam capped a six - run seventh inning , and Harper 's slam capped a six - run inning . Harper , who had been sidelined with a strained left hamstring , is batting .333 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last 10 games . Harper 's slam came after a two - out walk to Anthony Rendon , and a two - run homer off Chris Narveson capped a six - run seventh that gave the Nationals a 7 - 0 lead . It was the first time this season the Nationals have hit back-to-back homers . Strasburg ( 3 - 0 ) allowed three hits and struck out 10 in eight shutout innings . Adam Conley ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Marlins , who have the worst record in the majors , lost for the fourth time in their past five games . The Marlins had a runner at third with one out in the fourth , but Strasburg struck out Justin Bour and retired Marcell Ozuna on a grounder to end the inning . Strasburg struck out 10 and walked two . Shawn Kelley pitched the ninth in a non-save situation . He retired the first two batters , then gave up a single to Chris Johnson and a single to Ichiro Suzuki .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Hector Santiago was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Santiago threw seven shutout innings and struck out 10 , leading the Los Angeles Angels to a 7 - 0 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Friday night . Santiago ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two hits and walked three . Kole Calhoun had two hits , including an RBI single in the Angels ' five - run first inning against Carlos Rodon ( 1 - 2 ) . Carlos Rodon ( 1 - 2 ) gave up five runs and six hits in one - third of an inning for the loss . The Angels scored five runs in the first against Rodon ( 1 - 2 ) . Kole Calhoun and Andrelton Simmons led off the third with singles , and Calhoun scored on C. J. Cron 's single to make it 6 - 0 . The Angels added a run in the eighth on a double by Andrelton Simmons and a single by Geovany Soto . C. J. Cron greeted Dan Jennings with an RBI single to make it 7 - 0 . The Angels added a run in the eighth on a double by Andrelton Simmons and a single by Geovany Soto . Cron followed with an RBI single off Dan Jennings to make it 7 - 0 . Jimmy Rollins doubled with two outs in the eighth off Greg Mahle before Jose Abreu grounded out to end the inning . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . They were shut out for the third time this season .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Josh Reddick is making the most of his opportunity . Reddick hit a three - run homer to help the Oakland Athletics beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Reddick 's homer in the first inning off Chris Young ( 0 - 3 ) gave the A 's a 3 - 1 lead . It was Reddick 's first home run since June 12 . Reddick is hitting .250 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last six games . Sonny Gray ( 2 - 1 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Ryan Madson pitched the ninth for his third save in as many chances . Chris Young ( 0 - 3 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Lorenzo Cain 's RBI single , but Gray struck out Eric Hosmer and Kendrys Morales to end the inning . Reddick 's three - run homer in the bottom of the first off Chris Young ( 0 - 3 ) gave the A 's a 3 - 1 lead . The A 's added a run in the second when Yonder Alonso singled , took second on a single by Josh Phegley and scored on Semien 's sacrifice fly . The Royals got a run back in the fourth when Omar Infante singled and scored on Rey Fuentes ' single . Vogt homered off Dillon Gee in the seventh to make it 5 - 2 .
PHILADELPHIA -- Joe Ross did n't have his best stuff . Ross pitched three - hit ball for 7 2/3 innings , and the Washington Nationals beat the Philadelphia Phillies 9 - 1 on Wednesday night . Ross ( 2 - 0 ) struck out five and walked two . Jayson Werth hit a three - run double in Washington 's five - run first inning off Jeremy Hellickson ( 1 - 1 ) . Jeremy Hellickson ( 1 - 1 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and seven hits in three - plus innings . Werth hit a three - run double in a five - run first inning for the Nationals , who have won four of five . The Nationals added an unearned run in the third when Daniel Murphy doubled and scored on Danny Espinosa 's two - out single . Harper hit a two - run shot in the sixth to make it 9 - 0 . The Phillies loaded the bases with two outs in the third , but Maikel Franco grounded into a fielder 's choice to second baseman Maikel Franco . Harper hit a two - run homer off Brett Oberholtzer in the sixth to make it 9 - 0 . The Phillies threatened in the eighth when Freddy Galvis singled with two outs and moved to third on a wild pitch before scoring on a wild pitch by Yusmeiro Petit . Howard homered off Yusmeiro Petit in the ninth .
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) -- Matt Shoemaker is making a strong bid for his first major league win . Shoemaker pitched six scoreless innings for his first major league win , and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Oakland Athletics 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Shoemaker ( 1 - 1 ) allowed one hit and three walks while striking out five . Jose Alvarez pitched a perfect eighth for Los Angeles , and Jose Alvarez got the final three outs to complete the three - hitter . Albert Pujols hit a two - run single in the ninth for the Angels , who have lost four straight and six of seven . Trout doubled and scored on Kole Calhoun 's single in the fifth to make it 2 - 0 . Eric Surkamp ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out one . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Kole Calhoun 's two - out RBI single . The Angels added a run in the fifth when Mike Trout hit a one - out double and moved to third on Albert Pujols ' flyout to deep center . Calhoun followed with a single to center to make it 2 - 0 . The Angels added a run in the eighth when Calhoun doubled off Fernando Rodriguez and scored on Simmons ' single . The Angels added two runs in the ninth on Albert Pujols ' two - run single off Liam Hendriks . Semien homered off Fernando Salas leading off the eighth .
DETROIT -- Justin Upton is making a strong case to stay in the majors . The Detroit slugger hit a solo homer in the sixth inning and finished with four hits , lifting the Tigers to an 8 - 2 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Upton had a homer and two RBIs in a game for the first time in his career . The Tigers have won four of their last five games . Anibal Sanchez ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . Juan Nicasio ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and six hits in three innings , walking five and striking out four . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Justin Upton 's homer and J. D. Martinez 's RBI single . Upton 's RBI single made it 3 - 0 in the second , and Miguel Cabrera followed with an RBI single to make it 4 - 0 . Upton 's RBI single made it 3 - 0 in the second , and Miguel Cabrera followed with an RBI single . The Pirates made it 4 - 2 in the sixth on a two - run double by Victor Martinez , and Martinez 's RBI double made it 7 - 2 . Kinsler homered off Cory Luebke in the seventh to make it 8 - 2 .
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) -- Mike Trout is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Trout hit a two - run homer and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Oakland Athletics 4 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Trout hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning off Sonny Gray ( 1 - 1 ) to help the Angels win for the fourth time in five games . Trout is hitting .217 with three homers and seven RBIs in his last six games . Nick Tropeano ( 1 - 0 ) pitched five shutout innings for his first major league win , allowing six hits and two walks . He struck out six . Joe Smith gave up an RBI single to Marcus Semien in the ninth before Huston Street got Coco Crisp to fly out for his second save in as many chances . Sonny Gray ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out six . The A 's lost for the fifth time in six games . Trout hit a two - run homer off Gray in the sixth to put the Angels up 3 - 0 . Andrelton Simmons added an RBI single off Liam Hendriks in the eighth to make it 4 - 0 . Tropeano walked Stephen Vogt and Jed Lowrie singled to start the sixth , but Fernando Salas came in and got Khris Davis to ground into a double play before Yonder Alonso flied out to end the inning . The A 's had 10 hits but stranded 10 runners .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Chicago White Sox are finally starting to find a way to win . Jose Quintana pitched six strong innings for his first win of the season and the White Sox beat the Minnesota Twins 4 - 1 on Friday night . The White Sox have won four of their last five games , including two of their last three series . Quintana ( 1 - 0 ) gave up one run on four hits with five strikeouts and three walks . David Robertson pitched a perfect ninth for his third save . Kyle Gibson ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs -- one earned -- and six hits with three walks and three strikeouts in 5 2/3 innings for the loss . The Twins have lost five of their last six games . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Brett Lawrie 's RBI single . The White Sox loaded the bases with one out in the fourth on a single by Todd Frazier , a single by Brett Lawrie and a walk to Avisail Garcia . Dioner Navarro grounded into a forceout at the plate , but Jackson hit a two - run single to make it 3 - 0 . Quintana walked Miguel Sano and Trevor Plouffe to start the fourth inning . Sano scored on Eddie Rosario 's groundout to second , but Quintana struck out Eduardo Escobar to end the inning . Joe Mauer led off the sixth with a single , but Quintana struck out Miguel Sano and Miguel Sano before walking Trevor Plouffe . Mauer moved to third on a wild pitch and scored on Eddie Rosario 's groundout . The White Sox added a run in the ninth on Todd Frazier 's RBI double .
WASHINGTON -- Max Scherzer is making the most of his opportunity . Scherzer won for the first time in more than a year , and the Washington Nationals beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 4 on Wednesday night . Scherzer ( 1 - 0 ) allowed four runs and six hits in six innings , walking three and striking out six . Daniel Murphy hit a two - run homer in Washington 's three - run first inning off Bud Norris ( 0 - 2 ) , who allowed five runs and nine hits in five innings . Ryan Zimmerman led off the bottom of the fifth with a double and scored on Wilson Ramos ' two - out single . Jonathan Papelbon pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save in four chances . Bud Norris ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in five innings . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Freddie Freeman walked , Adonis Garcia singled and A. J. Pierzynski hit a two - run double to left . In the bottom half , Michael A. Taylor singled , stole second and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's sacrifice fly . Murphy followed with a two - run homer to left . The Braves took a 4 - 3 lead in the second . Jace Peterson singled with one out and moved to third on Mallex Smith 's single to right . Markakis followed with a two - run double . The Nationals tied it in the bottom of the inning on a sacrifice fly by Danny Espinosa . Zimmerman led off the fifth with a double and scored on Ramos ' two - out single . The Nationals added a run in the seventh on Ramos ' RBI single off Alexi Ogando .
BALTIMORE -- Manny Machado is making a habit of getting a big hit . Machado went 4 - for - 4 with a homer and two RBIs , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 5 - 3 on Friday night for their fifth straight victory . Machado went 4 - for - 4 with a homer and two RBIs for the Orioles , who took a 4 - 0 lead in the second inning against Jake Odorizzi ( 0 - 1 ) . Machado went 4 - for - 4 with a homer and two RBIs . The Orioles trailed 4 - 0 before pulling away with a four - run fourth . Pedro Alvarez singled and scored on a double by Jonathan Schoop , who went to third on a single by Steven Souza Jr. and scored on a sacrifice fly by Joey Rickard . Machado went 4 - for - 4 with a homer and two RBIs . Dickerson and Dickerson homered in the fourth off Vance Worley , who gave up three runs , two earned , and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . Zach Britton worked a perfect ninth for his second save . Jake Odorizzi ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings . The Orioles took a 4 - 0 lead in the second inning when Pedro Alvarez singled and scored on a double by Jonathan Schoop . Schoop scored on Joey Rickard 's sacrifice fly and Machado connected for a 4 - 0 lead . Corey Dickerson hit a solo homer in the fourth off Vance Worley , who allowed three runs , two earned , and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . Tampa Bay closed to 4 - 3 in the fifth on an RBI single by Evan Longoria and an RBI single by Steve Pearce . Machado led off the eighth with a double off Erasmo Ramirez and scored on a wild pitch by Erasmo Ramirez to make it 5 - 3 . The Rays loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth before Darren O'Day struck out pinch-hitter Hank Conger .
MILWAUKEE -- The Milwaukee Brewers have been waiting for Jimmy Nelson to get back on track . Nelson won for the first time in more than a year and the Brewers beat the Houston Astros 3 - 2 on Wednesday night . Nelson ( 1 - 1 ) gave up two runs and three hits in six innings , walking four and striking out nine . Aaron Hill hit a two - run single in the first off Dallas Keuchel ( 1 - 1 ) , who had a career-high nine strikeouts in 5 2/3 innings . Nelson ( 1 - 1 ) gave up two runs and three hits . He walked four and struck out nine . Jeremy Jeffress pitched the ninth for his third save in three chances . Dallas Keuchel ( 1 - 1 ) struck out eight in 5 2/3 innings , but walked six and allowed three runs and six hits . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . The Brewers grabbed a 2 - 1 lead in the first . Domingo Santana drew a leadoff walk and scored on Aaron Hill 's two - run single . The Brewers added a run in the fourth when Yadiel Rivera led off with a double and scored on Domingo Santana 's one - out double . The Astros cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the bottom of the inning when Preston Tucker led off with a home run . The Astros threatened in the seventh , putting runners on second and third with one out , but Tyler Thornburg struck out Preston Tucker and Marwin Gonzalez to end the threat . Blazek walked Luis Valbuena with one out in the eighth and was replaced by Michael Blazek , who walked Luis Valbuena and gave up a one - out single to Jose Altuve . Blazek then got Correa to ground out to end the inning .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- The St. Louis Cardinals are starting to look comfortable on the road . Pinch-hitter Eric Fryer singled in the go-ahead run in the ninth inning and Kolten Wong had three hits to lead the Cardinals to a 12 - 2 win over the Atlanta Braves on Friday night . The Cardinals won for the fifth time in six games . Martinez ( 1 - 0 ) gave up four hits and two runs in six innings . He walked three and struck out five . Julio Teheran ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six hits and five runs , four earned , with four walks and four strikeouts in four innings . The Cardinals took a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Kolten Wong singled , moved to third on a wild pitch and scored on Carlos Martinez 's fielder 's choice grounder . Matt Carpenter 's RBI double made it 2 - 0 . St. Louis made it 3 - 0 in the third . Erick Aybar led off with a single , moved to second on a wild pitch and scored on Nick Markakis ' double down the right-field line . Freddie Freeman 's RBI single cut the lead to 3 - 2 . The Cardinals pushed the lead to 5 - 2 in the fourth . Carpenter and Jeremy Hazelbaker led off with singles , moved to third on a groundout and scored on Brandon Moss ' sacrifice fly . Stephen Piscotty 's single drove in Hazelbaker to make it 5 - 2 . The Cardinals added two runs in the fifth off Alexi Ogando . Brandon Moss led off with a double and scored on Yadier Molina 's single to make it 9 - 2 . The Cardinals added two runs in the ninth off Jason Grilli , who walked Greg Garcia to lead off the inning . He struck out Jeremy Hazelbaker , but walked Moss and Stephen Piscotty to load the bases . Fryer singled off Arodys Vizcaino to drive in a run , and Aledmys Diaz 's triple made it 12 - 2 .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- The Kansas City Royals have been waiting all season long enough to keep their winning streak going . Omar Infante hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly in the eighth inning , and the Royals beat the Minnesota Twins 4 - 3 on Wednesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Royals , who have the best record in the American League , have won six of their last seven games . The Twins had a chance to take the lead in the seventh when they loaded the bases with two outs , but Kelvin Herrera struck out Miguel Sano to end the inning . Alex Gordon led off the eighth with a single off Kevin Jepsen ( 0 - 2 ) and Salvador Perez followed with a triple to tie it . Infante followed with a sacrifice fly . Wade Davis worked the ninth for his second save in as many opportunities , giving up a walk to Brian Dozier and a stolen base before striking out Danny Santana and Eddie Rosario . Joakim Soria ( 1 - 0 ) gave up two hits and a run in the eighth to pick up the victory . The Twins tied it in the sixth when Joe Mauer drew a walk and Miguel Sano walked . Mauer moved to third on Plouffe 's flyout and scored on Escobar 's single to left . Twins starter Ervin Santana allowed two runs and six hits in six innings , striking out seven and walking two . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Eduardo Escobar walked , took third on Omar Infante 's double and scored on a double by Kurt Suzuki . The Royals took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Rey Fuentes ' two - out , two - run single . The Twins tied it in the sixth when Joe Mauer walked and Miguel Sano walked to start the inning . Mauer moved to third on Plouffe 's flyout and scored on Escobar 's single to left .
PITTSBURGH -- Francisco Liriano 's first major league win was a memorable one . Liriano struck out a season-high 10 in six shutout innings , and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the St. Louis Cardinals 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Liriano ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three hits and walked five while lowering his ERA to 0.00 . Liriano did n't allow a hit until Matt Holliday led off the sixth with a walk and went to second on Randal Grichuk 's one - out walk . Yadier Molina singled to load the bases , but Kolten Wong fouled out and Jedd Gyorko grounded into a fielder 's choice to end the threat . Yadier Molina led off the ninth with a single against Mark Melancon , and Kolten Wong was hit by a pitch from Mark Melancon . Molina advanced to second on Jedd Gyorko 's groundout and scored on Matt Carpenter 's single to right . The Cardinals have lost four of five . Adam Wainwright ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six - plus innings , walking three and striking out three . The Pirates scored twice in the second . Gregory Polanco led off with a double and Jordy Mercer drew a one - out walk . Liriano and Jaso followed with RBI singles . The Pirates added a run in the sixth when Francisco Cervelli hit a leadoff triple and scored on Josh Harrison 's sacrifice fly . The Pirates added a run in the eighth on Francisco Cervelli 's single and a sacrifice fly by Josh Harrison . The Cardinals loaded the bases with one out in the sixth on a walk to Matt Holliday and a single by Yadier Molina . But Liriano got Kolten Wong to pop out to second and then got Jedd Gyorko to ground into a fielder 's choice to end the threat . Mercer doubled home Gregory Polanco in the eighth off Seth Maness to make it 4 - 0 .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Mike Foltynewicz was n't sure what to expect . Foltynewicz allowed three hits and one run in six innings , and the Atlanta Braves held on for a 5 - 3 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Friday night . Mallex Smith drove in three runs with a triple in the second inning and Mallex Smith drove in three runs with a triple in the Braves ' three - run ninth . Foltynewicz ( 2 - 2 ) gave up one run and three hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out four . The Giants scored two runs in the ninth off Arodys Vizcaino . Jeff Samardzija ( 7 - 3 ) gave up six hits and five runs -- four earned -- with two walks and four strikeouts in five innings . The Braves took a 3 - 1 lead in the second . Adonis Garcia led off with a single , Nick Markakis doubled and A. J. Pierzynski was intentionally walked to load the bases . After Samardzija struck out Kelly Johnson , Samardzija intentionally walked A. J. Pierzynski and Mike Foltynewicz to load the bases . Nick Markakis hit a grounder to Belt , who threw to first for an error , allowing Beckham to score and Kelly Johnson to make it 5 - 1 . Brandon Belt led off the second with his first homer of the season to give San Francisco a 1 - 0 lead . The Braves added three runs in the third . Gordon Beckham scored on Nick Markakis ' grounder , and Kelly Johnson followed with a sacrifice fly . The Giants loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth on a single by Joe Panik and a hit batsman , but Belt struck out to end the inning . The Giants scored two runs off Arodys Vizcaino in the ninth . With one out , Brandon Belt singled and moved to second on Pence 's single . Buster Posey hit a grounder to second baseman Johnson , who threw wildly to second for an error , allowing Pence to score .
SEATTLE -- Dae-Ho Lee has been one of the few bright spots for the first time in his career . Lee hit his first home run of the season and drove in three runs to lead the Seattle Mariners to a 9 - 3 victory over the San Diego Padres on Friday night . Adam Lind had two hits and drove in two runs for the Mariners , who rallied from a 2 - 0 deficit in the sixth inning . Lee 's three - run homer off Brandon Maurer capped a five - run rally in the eighth that gave the Mariners a 9 - 2 lead . Karns ( 5 - 1 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out six . Andrew Cashner ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out three . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Christian Bethancourt . San Diego added a run in the sixth . Matt Kemp led off with a double and Yangervis Solarte reached on an error by Karns at shortstop . B. J. Upton grounded into a double play , but Brett Wallace drove in Kemp with a double into the right-field corner . The Mariners scored three times in the sixth to take a 4 - 2 lead . Norichika Aoki reached on a one - out walk and scored on Seth Smith 's double into the right-field corner . Smith scored on Nelson Cruz 's two - out single to tie it at 2 . Seager then drove a first-pitch fastball from Andrew Cashner ( 2 - 5 ) into the Padres ' bullpen in left field to give Seattle a 4 - 2 lead . The Padres added five runs in the eighth on a two - run single by Adam Lind and a three - run homer by Lee . The Padres added a run in the ninth off Joel Peralta . Derek Norris walked with two outs and scored on Ramirez 's single .
TORONTO -- Marco Estrada has n't allowed a run in his past two starts . Estrada pitched eight shutout innings to win his third straight start , Aaron Hicks doubled in the eighth and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the New York Yankees 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Estrada ( 3 - 2 ) allowed three hits , walked three and struck out six to win for the first time in four starts . He walked three and struck out six . Aaron Loup came on in the ninth and gave up a two - run homer to Brian McCann . Drew Storen came on and got the final two outs for his third save in as many chances . Drew Storen got two outs for his third save in three chances . Ivan Nova ( 3 - 3 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out four . The Yankees lost for the fifth time in six games . Josh Donaldson singled with one out in the first and scored on Edwin Encarnacion 's double . The Blue Jays made it 3 - 0 in the third when Ryan Goins hit a leadoff double and scored on Edwin Encarnacion 's groundout . Michael Saunders followed with an RBI double . Goins made it 4 - 0 in the fifth with a leadoff drive to right , his fourth . Goins made it 4 - 0 in the fifth with a leadoff drive to right , his fourth . The Yankees loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth , but Estrada got Jacoby Ellsbury to pop out .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Lorenzo Cain had no idea how long he 'd be in the lineup . Cain hit a solo home run in the eighth inning , and the Kansas City Royals rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . The Royals , who have the best record in the American League , have won six of their last seven games , including three in a row against the White Sox . The Royals trailed 4 - 2 in the eighth when Cain hit a full-count pitch from Nate Jones ( 2 - 1 ) over the wall in left for his second homer of the season . Eric Hosmer followed with a double , and Kendrys Morales walked before Matt Albers walked Eibner with the bases loaded to tie the game . Jones was charged with three runs in one - third of an inning . Wade Davis worked a perfect ninth for his 14th save in 15 opportunities . White Sox starter Chris Sale gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Royals scored two runs in the first inning on Lorenzo Cain 's RBI double and Eric Hosmer 's RBI single . The White Sox got a run back in the second on Dioner Navarro 's RBI single . The White Sox scored two runs in the fifth on a groundout by Adam Eaton and an RBI single by Austin Jackson . The White Sox added a run in the seventh on Dioner Navarro 's single off Luke Hochevar . Navarro scored on Jackson 's sacrifice fly . The Royals loaded the bases with one out in the seventh on a single by Brett Eibner , a walk to Cuthbert and a single by Adam Eaton , but Sale got Alcides Escobar to fly out to end the inning .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Jayson Werth has been on a tear since coming off the disabled list . Werth hit a grand slam and drove in four runs to lead the Washington Nationals to a 10 - 2 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Friday night . Werth 's slam in the seventh off Jonathan Broxton gave the Nationals a 4 - 2 lead . It was his third homer of the season and second in as many games . It was Werth 's second pinch-hit homer of the season and his first since Sept. 22 , 2009 , at Atlanta . Werth 's grand slam came in the seventh off Jonathan Broxton . Strasburg ( 9 - 0 ) allowed one run and six hits in six innings , walking two and striking out four . Michael Wacha ( 2 - 6 ) gave up three runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Brandon Moss hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . The Nationals took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth . Michael Taylor led off with a double and scored on a single by Bryce Harper . Ryan Zimmerman doubled with one out and scored on Ramos ' two - out single . The Cardinals loaded the bases with one out in the seventh against Oliver Perez on a single by Aledmys Diaz , a single by Greg Garcia and a single by Holliday . Blake Treinen came in and gave up a sacrifice fly to Adams . The Cardinals loaded the bases with one out in the seventh on a single by Aledmys Diaz , a single by Greg Garcia and a single by Holliday . Blake Treinen came in and gave up a sacrifice fly to Adams , but Felipe Vazquez got Clint Robinson to ground out to end the threat . Wilson Ramos hit a two - run homer in the eighth off Tyler Lyons .
CHICAGO -- Kyle Hendricks did n't have his best stuff . Hendricks pitched a five - hitter for his second complete game of the season , and the Chicago Cubs beat the Philadelphia Phillies 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Hendricks ( 3 - 4 ) struck out seven without a walk . He threw 76 of his 104 pitches for strikes . Hendricks did n't allow a hit until Freddy Galvis led off the ninth with a double . He moved to third on Maikel Franco 's grounder to third and scored on a wild pitch by Hendricks , who then struck out Ryan Howard and got Cameron Rupp to ground out to end the game . The Cubs won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . The Phillies have lost five of six . Jerad Eickhoff ( 2 - 7 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Fowler led off the bottom of the first with his fourth homer of the season . Heyward followed with a double and scored on Ben Zobrist 's double to make it 2 - 0 . The Cubs added a run in the second on Jason Heyward 's RBI double . Kris Bryant led off the sixth with a single and moved to third on Ben Zobrist 's one - out single . Eickhoff walked Jorge Soler and Jorge Soler to load the bases before Miguel Montero grounded out to shortstop to make it 4 - 0 . Kris Bryant led off the sixth with a single and moved to third on Ben Zobrist 's one - out single . Eickhoff walked Jorge Soler to load the bases , and Miguel Montero drove in a run with a groundout . The Phillies had runners on second and third with one out in the seventh , but David Lough popped out to end the inning .
NEW YORK -- Chase Utley is making the most of his opportunity . Utley homered twice and drove in five runs , leading the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 9 - 1 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Utley hit a grand slam off Hansel Robles in the seventh inning , and Howie Kendrick added a solo shot for the Dodgers , who won for the fourth time in five games . Utley went 2 - for - 5 with a homer and five RBIs in his second game back after missing two months with a strained left hamstring . Utley hit a grand slam off Hansel Robles in the seventh to cap a three - run rally that made it 6 - 0 . Adrian Gonzalez had four hits , including a leadoff homer off Hansel Robles in the eighth , and Howie Kendrick added a solo shot in the eighth for Los Angeles . Maeda ( 4 - 3 ) allowed two hits in five shutout innings , striking out three and walking two . Logan Verrett ( 3 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and four hits in 3 2/3 innings . Utley led off the sixth with his second home run of the season , a drive to right that landed in the first row of seats in right field . Adrian Gonzalez doubled with two outs and scored on Puig 's single off Jerry Blevins . Gonzalez homered off Hansel Robles in the eighth , and Kendrick added a solo shot in the eighth . Juan Lagares hit a solo homer off J. P. Howell in the eighth for New York . Juan Lagares hit his first career pinch-hit homer with one out in the eighth off J. P. Howell .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting all season to win . Mark Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning , Manny Machado had four hits and the Orioles beat the Cleveland Indians 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Orioles won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . The Indians , who have lost six of their last seven , fell to 1 - 5 on their 10-game homestand . Trumbo 's two - run homer in the seventh off Zach McAllister ( 2 - 2 ) gave Baltimore a 6 - 3 lead . Francisco Lindor and Mike Napoli homered for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Zach Britton pitched a perfect ninth for his 13th save in as many chances . The Orioles took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on Manny Machado 's RBI single and Jonathan Schoop 's two - run single . Juan Uribe 's RBI double made it 3 - 1 in the bottom of the second . Juan Uribe 's RBI double made it 3 - 1 in the bottom of the second . Napoli led off the bottom of the fourth with a homer to left , his fourth of the season and second in two games . The Indians loaded the bases with no outs in the fifth on a walk to Chris Gimenez , a single by Rajai Davis and a walk to Carlos Santana . Francisco Lindor hit a sacrifice fly to tie it at 3 .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Dodgers ' offense has been a problem for Scott Kazmir and the Los Angeles Dodgers . Kazmir struck out a career-high 12 in six innings , and the Dodgers beat the Cincinnati Reds 3 - 1 on Friday night for their fourth straight victory . Kazmir ( 4 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits , struck out a season-high 12 and walked two in his third start since coming off the disabled list with a right shoulder strain . The left-hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in his last four starts . Dan Straily ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in seven innings , struck out 11 and walked one . The right-hander was lifted for a pinch-hitter in the fourth inning after giving up a single to Chase Utley and hitting Justin Turner with a pitch with one out . Kazmir was coming off one of his worst outings of the season , when he gave up six runs and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings of a 7 - 2 loss at Pittsburgh . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth for his 14th save in 16 chances . Dan Straily ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in seven innings , struck out 11 and walked one . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Brandon Phillips singled with one out and scored on Jay Bruce 's two - out triple to left field . Chase Utley led off the Dodgers ' fourth with a single , advanced on Corey Seager 's flyout and scored on Pederson 's two - out single to left . Grandal made it 3 - 1 in the fifth with his first homer of the season . The Reds loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth on a walk and two singles , but Kazmir retired Jay Bruce on a grounder to second to end the inning . The Reds have lost five of their last six games .
ARLINGTON , Texas ( AP ) -- Nomar Mazara is making the most of his opportunity for the Texas Rangers . Mazara hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs to lead the Rangers to a 15 - 9 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . The AL West-leading Rangers won for the fourth time in five games and moved two games over .500 for the first time this season . The Angels , who have the worst record in the majors , lost for the fourth time in five games . Colby Lewis ( 4 - 0 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in five innings . Hector Santiago ( 3 - 3 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and five hits in 2 1/3 innings . The Angels took a 4 - 1 lead in the second when Johnny Giavotella led off with a double and scored on Jett Bandy 's double . Bandy scored on Gregorio Petit 's groundout and Yunel Escobar added a sacrifice fly to make it 4 - 1 . The Rangers tied it in the bottom of the inning on a leadoff homer by Mazara and a run-scoring groundout by Rougned Odor . Santiago was replaced by Mike Morin after C. J. Cron and Johnny Giavotella led off the sixth with consecutive singles . Cron scored on Jett Bandy 's sacrifice fly to cut the deficit to 7 - 6 . Texas reliever Matt Bush gave up a single to Jett Bandy in the eighth before retiring Trout on a fly ball to center to end the inning . The Angels had the bases loaded against Matt Bush in the eighth , but Mike Trout flied out to end the inning .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Nathan Eovaldi was n't sure what to expect . Eovaldi pitched six innings of two - hit ball and the New York Yankees beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6 - 0 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Eovaldi ( 5 - 2 ) struck out five and walked three . Carlos Beltran homered in the fourth off R. A. Dickey ( 2 - 6 ) , who gave up four runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Dickey ( 2 - 6 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Dustin Ackley started the winning rally with a leadoff single . He moved to second on Starlin Castro 's groundout and scored on Chase Headley 's sacrifice fly . Jesse Chavez walked Beltran and Aaron Hicks to load the bases with no outs in the eighth . Chase Headley hit a sacrifice fly off Pat Venditte , and Didi Gregorius followed with an RBI single . Jacoby Ellsbury tripled and scored on Carlos Beltran 's fielder 's choice in the first for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Beltran hit a leadoff homer in the fourth off Dickey ( 2 - 6 ) , who gave up four runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Dustin Ackley led off the seventh with a single off Dickey and moved to second on Starlin Castro 's groundout . Didi Gregorius walked with two outs and scored on a double by Austin Romine . Jacoby Ellsbury greeted Joe Biagini with an RBI single . Dellin Betances struck out pinch hitter Justin Smoak with the bases loaded to end the seventh . Jesse Chavez walked Beltran and Aaron Hicks to load the bases with no outs in the eighth . Chase Headley 's sacrifice fly off Pat Venditte made it 5 - 0 , and Didi Gregorius added an RBI single .
DETROIT -- The Detroit Tigers are starting to look like a team that has n't had a winning season . Miguel Cabrera and Victor Martinez homered in the third inning , Cameron Maybin added a two - run single and the Tigers beat the Tampa Bay Rays 9 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Tigers have won six of their last seven games . Jordan Zimmermann ( 7 - 2 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . Chris Archer ( 3 - 5 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in three - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on J. D. Martinez 's RBI double and Miguel Cabrera 's RBI single . Tampa Bay tied it in the second . Steven Souza Jr. hit a one - out single and scored on Romine 's triple to the gap in right-center . The Tigers went ahead in the second when Jarrod Saltalamacchia drew a one - out walk and scored on Andrew Romine 's triple . Cabrera led off the bottom of the third with a homer to left , and Martinez followed with a double . Dana Eveland came in and walked Justin Upton intentionally to load the bases . Eveland then walked Cameron Maybin to force in a run , but struck out Jarrod Saltalamacchia and got Andrew Romine to ground out . Tim Beckham hit a two - run homer off Drew VerHagen in the seventh to make it 6 - 4 . The Tigers added a run in the eighth when Jose Iglesias hit a two - out single and scored on Martinez 's homer off Steve Geltz . Martinez hit a two - run homer off Steve Geltz in the eighth .
CHICAGO -- Carlos Rodon was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . The left-hander allowed two runs in 6 2/3 innings , and the Chicago White Sox beat the Kansas City Royals 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Rodon ( 2 - 4 ) allowed two runs and eight hits . He struck out four and walked two . Melky Cabrera hit a two - run single in the fifth to give the White Sox a 3 - 1 lead . David Robertson pitched a perfect ninth for his 11th save in 12 chances . Yordano Ventura ( 4 - 3 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Eric Hosmer led off with a single , took second on Salvador Perez 's single and scored on Paulo Orlando 's single . Frazier led off the fourth with his first homer of the season to tie it at 1 . The White Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth on a walk to Alex Avila and a single by Austin Jackson . After Adam Eaton lined out , Ventura walked Todd Frazier to load the bases . Omar Infante 's sacrifice fly cut it to 3 - 2 , but Rodon got Drew Butera to ground out to end the inning . Alex Gordon singled with one out in the sixth and Paulo Orlando followed with a double . Omar Infante 's sacrifice fly cut it to 3 - 2 , but Drew Butera grounded out to end the inning . The White Sox threatened again in the seventh , putting runners on second and third with two outs before Cabrera grounded out to end the inning .
MIAMI -- Jose Fernandez had a lot to do with it . Fernandez struck out nine in six innings , and the Miami Marlins beat the Washington Nationals 3 - 2 on Friday night . Fernandez ( 6 - 2 ) gave up one run and four hits , lowering his ERA to 3.02 . A. J. Ramos gave up a run in the ninth but held on for his 13th save in as many chances . Justin Bour hit a two - run homer off Joe Ross ( 3 - 4 ) in the sixth to put Miami ahead 3 - 1 . Ross ( 3 - 4 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Miami 's Marcell Ozuna tripled to lead off the sixth and scored on Justin Bour 's homer . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Chris Heisey walked , took third on a single by Bryce Harper and scored on Clint Robinson 's single . The Marlins tied it in the fifth when Ichiro Suzuki singled and scored on Martin Prado 's single . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth . Chris Heisey walked , Bryce Harper singled and Murphy struck out before Clint Robinson singled to center . The Marlins loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but failed to score . Ross struck out J. T. Realmuto and got Adeiny Hechavarria to ground out to end the inning . The Nationals went 1 for 9 with runners in scoring position .
DETROIT -- Miguel Cabrera is hitting the ball hard . Cabrera hit two home runs and drove in three runs to lead the Tampa Bay Rays to a 7 - 5 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Cabrera led off the sixth with a single and Steve Pearce walked . After Corey Dickerson struck out , Logan Morrison walked to load the bases . Logan Morrison then walked to load the bases , and Kiermaier hit a drive to the gap in left-center . Pearce 's homer in the eighth off Alex Wilson made it 7 - 5 . Kiermaier 's bases-loaded triple in the sixth off Kyle Ryan gave Tampa Bay a 6 - 3 lead . Miguel Cabrera hit his second homer of the game , a solo shot in the seventh off Erasmo Ramirez that made it 6 - 5 . Alex Colome pitched the ninth for his 11th save in as many chances . Anibal Sanchez ( 3 - 5 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings . Souza led off the game with a homer , and Corey Dickerson added an RBI double . Corey Dickerson added an RBI double , and Logan Morrison added an RBI single . The Tigers loaded the bases with one out in the second on a walk to Justin Upton and a single by Cameron Maybin , but Jose Iglesias flied out to end the inning . The Tigers tied it in the bottom of the third when Ian Kinsler singled , moved to second on Martinez 's groundout and scored on Cabrera 's second homer of the game . The Tigers made it 6 - 4 in the sixth on an RBI single by James McCann , but Jose Iglesias grounded into a double play to end the inning .
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) -- CC Sabathia was n't going to let the game get away from him . Sabathia struck out eight in six strong innings and the New York Yankees beat the Oakland Athletics 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Sabathia ( 3 - 2 ) gave up one run and three hits , lowering his ERA to 3.41 . Jacoby Ellsbury hit a two - run triple in the ninth for the Yankees , who have won four of five following a five - game losing streak . Ronald Torreyes hit a two - run triple in a five - run fourth inning against Sonny Gray ( 3 - 5 ) , and Didi Gregorius had three hits and scored twice for New York . Sonny Gray ( 3 - 5 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . Sabathia walked Billy Butler and Stephen Vogt with one out in the second , then gave up an RBI single to Matt McBride . Aaron Hicks drew a one - out walk in the fourth and Didi Gregorius singled before Ronald Torreyes hit a two - run triple off Sonny Gray ( 3 - 5 ) . Gray threw a wild pitch that allowed Torreyes to score , and Carlos Beltran 's two - run double made it 5 - 1 . Beltran added an RBI double in the sixth off Ryan Dull , who was making his major league debut . Tyler Ladendorf singled off Kirby Yates in the seventh and scored on Coco Crisp 's double to make it 6 - 2 . Tyler Ladendorf singled off Kirby Yates with two outs in the seventh and scored on Coco Crisp 's double to make it 6 - 2 . Ellsbury tripled in two runs off Andrew Triggs in the ninth .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- The Arizona Diamondbacks had a lot to do with it . Chris Herrmann and Brandon Drury hit back-to-back home runs in the ninth inning to help the Diamondbacks beat the St. Louis Cardinals 11 - 7 on Wednesday night . The Diamondbacks had 15 hits , matching their season high for a nine - inning game . Patrick Corbin ( 2 - 3 ) gave up two runs and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked four . Jake Barrett got the last out in the ninth for his first save of the season . Carlos Martinez ( 4 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked three . Herrmann 's two - out , two - run single in the first off Evan Marshall gave the D-backs a 2 - 0 lead . Matt Carpenter led off the bottom of the first with a double and scored on a groundout by Aledmys Diaz . The Cardinals added three runs in the fifth . Corbin singled with one out and took second on a throwing error by center fielder Jeremy Hazelbaker . Corbin scored on Jean Segura 's single , and Bourn 's double made it 4 - 1 . The Cardinals cut the deficit to 4 - 2 in the seventh on a two - out RBI single by Aledmys Diaz . The Diamondbacks added five runs in the eighth off Jonathan Broxton , who was making his major league debut . Herrmann and Drury hit back-to-back homers in the ninth off Ruben Tejada .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Toronto Blue Jays keep finding ways to win . Troy Tulowitzki drove in the go-ahead run with a two - out single in the 11th inning , and the Blue Jays beat the Minnesota Twins 3 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Blue Jays have won six of their last seven games , including three of their last four games . Joe Biagini pitched the 11th for his first save of the season and the Blue Jays won for the fifth time in six games . Edwin Encarnacion hit a one - out single in the 11th off Ryan Pressly ( 1 - 3 ) and advanced to second on Justin Smoak 's single to right . Fernando Abad came in and retired Michael Saunders on a fly ball to the warning track in left field . Tulowitzki then lined a single to right field to score Carrera . Joe Biagini pitched the 11th for his first save of the season and the Blue Jays won for the fifth time in six games . Encarnacion hit a two - run homer off Ervin Santana in the sixth to tie the game at 2 . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Brian Dozier led off with a single and Joe Mauer reached on an error by second baseman Jimmy Paredes . Dozier scored on Miguel Sano 's sacrifice fly . The Twins made it 2 - 0 in the third when Danny Santana led off with a single , stole second and scored on Mauer 's two - out single . The Blue Jays tied it in the sixth on a two - run homer by Edwin Encarnacion off Santana . Santana allowed two runs and four hits with five strikeouts and two walks . Santana gave up two runs and four hits with five strikeouts and two walks in eight innings .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Miami Marlins have n't had a winning season . Marcell Ozuna hit a solo homer , Adeiny Hechavarria had three hits and the Marlins held on for a 5 - 3 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Friday night . The Marlins won for the fifth time in six games . Conley ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and eight hits , striking out five in six innings . A. J. Ramos pitched the ninth for his 12th save in as many chances . Jerad Eickhoff ( 1 - 6 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . The Phillies have lost five of six . Ozuna gave the Marlins a 1 - 0 lead in the second with his first homer of the season . The Phillies tied it in the fourth when Carlos Ruiz walked , took second on a single by Freddy Galvis and scored on Tyler Goeddel 's single to right . Bour hit a solo shot in the sixth to make it 3 - 1 . Adeiny Hechavarria doubled off Andrew Bailey to start the seventh and pinch hitter Ichiro Suzuki walked . Derek Dietrich 's sacrifice fly made it 4 - 1 and Christian Yelich 's RBI double made it 5 - 1 . The Phillies cut it to 5 - 2 in the seventh off Kyle Barraclough on Ruiz 's fielder 's choice .
DENVER -- Tyler Chatwood was n't going to let the game get away . Ryan Raburn hit a go-ahead , two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Colorado Rockies beat the New York Mets 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Chatwood ( 5 - 3 ) gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked three . Carlos Gonzalez hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Rockies , who have won four of five . Raburn , who entered as a pinch hitter in the seventh , hit a 2 - 0 pitch from Jim Henderson ( 0 - 2 ) over the wall in right for his eighth homer of the season . DJ LeMahieu led off the inning with a walk , advanced to second on a wild pitch and scored on Raburn 's second homer of the season . Pinch-hitter Juan Lagares doubled off Boone Logan with one out in the eighth and Yoenis Cespedes was intentionally walked before Lucas Duda hit into a double play . Jake McGee pitched the ninth for his 12th save in 13 chances . The Mets have lost three straight and six of seven . Yoenis Cespedes homered leading off the second for the Mets , who have lost four of five . The Mets took a 3 - 1 lead in the third . Eric Campbell led off with a double and scored on Jacob deGrom 's single to center . Chatwood struck out Alejandro De Aza and retired Asdrubal Cabrera on a liner to first baseman Lucas Duda to end the inning . Gonzalez hit a solo homer in the sixth to make it 3 - 2 .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Ian Desmond had a big night for the Texas Rangers . Desmond hit a tiebreaking three - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Rangers rallied for a 7 - 6 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night . Desmond , who had a two - run double in the opener of a three - game series , had two hits and drove in four runs . Jose Bautista had a three - run double in a four - run sixth for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Sam Dyson pitched a perfect ninth for his second save in three chances . The Blue Jays trailed 2 - 1 when Troy Tulowitzki led off the sixth with a single and Michael Saunders reached on an error by second baseman Rougned Odor . Bush ( 1 - 0 ) struck out Darwin Barney , but Kevin Pillar hit a sacrifice fly to make it 6 - 3 . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Edwin Encarnacion led off with a double and scored on Michael Saunders ' two - out single . Ian Desmond had a two - out RBI double in the third that made it 2 - 1 . The Rangers took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth when Elvis Andrus drew a one - out walk and scored on Bryan Holaday 's double .
CLEVELAND -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting all season long . Juan Centeno hit a two - run homer and Miguel Sano added an RBI single in the ninth inning , leading the Twins to a 6 - 3 win over the Cleveland Indians on Friday night . The Twins have won four of their last five and are a season-high 10 games over .500 . Santana ( 1 - 2 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings , striking out five and walking one . Yan Gomes hit a solo homer in the ninth off Kevin Jepsen . Corey Kluber ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked three . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Mike Napoli doubled with two outs and scored on Jose Ramirez 's single to center . Centeno gave Minnesota a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth with his first homer since April 22 . The Twins loaded the bases with one out in the sixth on a single by Trevor Plouffe , a single by Park and a hit batter . Plouffe scored on a fielder 's choice by Eddie Rosario to make it 3 - 1 . Santana led off the seventh with a double off Ryan Pressly and scored on Eduardo Nunez 's sacrifice fly to make it 4 - 2 . Lindor 's RBI single off Ryan Pressly made it 4 - 2 in the eighth . Centeno led off the ninth with a double off Kyle Crockett and scored on Danny Santana 's single . Miguel Sano added an RBI single off Dan Otero .
CHICAGO -- Jake Arrieta was n't going to let the game get away from him . Arrieta struck out a season-high 11 in eight innings , and the Chicago Cubs beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Arrieta ( 7 - 0 ) allowed two runs and three hits , improving to 5 - 0 in his last seven starts . Anthony Rizzo hit a go-ahead , three - run homer in the fourth off Jeff Locke ( 1 - 3 ) and drove in four runs for the Cubs , who have won four of five . Russell 's two - run homer in the sixth off Jeff Locke ( 1 - 3 ) put the Cubs ahead 5 - 2 . Locke ( 1 - 3 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games . Francisco Cervelli hit a two - run single in the fourth to give the Pirates a 2 - 0 lead . Arrieta then hit Kang with a pitch with the bases loaded , then got Josh Harrison to ground into a double play to end the inning . Rizzo 's homer came after Jason Heyward singled to lead off the fourth . Dexter Fowler and Rizzo added RBI singles off A. J. Schugel in the eighth to make it 8 - 2 . The Cubs added two more runs in the eighth against A. J. Schugel . Fowler and Jason Heyward singled off A. J. Schugel and scored on Kris Bryant 's single to make it 7 - 2 . Rizzo followed with an RBI single to make it 8 - 2 . Cubs manager Lou Piniella was impressed with Arrieta 's performance .
PHOENIX -- Joe Panik 's first home run of the season was a big one . Panik hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs to lead the San Francisco Giants to a 3 - 1 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday night . Panik hit a 3 - 0 pitch from Shelby Miller ( 1 - 4 ) into the seats in left field for his fourth homer of the season , giving the Giants a 3 - 1 lead in the sixth inning . Panik is hitting .256 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last seven games . Jeff Samardzija ( 5 - 2 ) gave up one run and eight hits in eight innings , striking out three and walking none . Josh Osich got the last two outs of the ninth to get the win . Santiago Casilla struck out two in the ninth for his eighth save in 10 tries . Shelby Miller ( 1 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . The Diamondbacks , coming off a three - game sweep at San Diego , have lost four of their last five . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Shelby Miller tripled and scored on Jean Segura 's single . The Giants broke through against Miller in the sixth . Angel Pagan and Denard Span started the inning with singles and both runners advanced on Miller 's wild pitch . Pagan advanced to third on a wild pitch and scored on Panik 's homer into the left-field seats . The Giants have won six of their last seven games . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games .
NEW YORK -- The New York Yankees are on a roll . Chase Headley hit a two - run homer and New York beat the Kansas City Royals 7 - 3 on Sunday to complete a three - game sweep . The Yankees won for the seventh time in nine games and improved to 5 - 1 on their 10-game homestand . Nathan Eovaldi ( 3 - 2 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked two . Ian Kennedy ( 4 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Starlin Castro hit a solo homer in the first for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Headley hit a two - run homer in the second off Kennedy ( 4 - 3 ) , who gave up seven runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Alex Gordon and Christian Colon hit consecutive doubles in the fourth for Kansas City , which has lost four of five . Gregorius hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Alex Gordon had an RBI single in the fifth for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Castro 's RBI single made it 6 - 3 in the seventh , and Chien-Ming Wang walked Brian McCann with the bases loaded to make it 7 - 3 . The Yankees tacked on two more runs in the seventh on an RBI single by Castro and a bases-loaded walk to Brian McCann .
CHICAGO -- Drew Pomeranz was n't going to let the game get away from him . Pomeranz struck out a season-high 10 in six innings , and the San Diego Padres beat the Chicago Cubs 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Pomeranz ( 4 - 3 ) allowed three hits , walked three and threw a season-high 101 pitches . Brad Hand walked Jason Heyward with two outs in the eighth and Kris Bryant reached on an error by shortstop Alexei Ramirez . Anthony Rizzo walked to load the bases , but Hand struck out Jorge Soler to end the threat . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 10th save in as many chances . John Lackey ( 4 - 2 ) gave up one run and three hits in eight innings , striking out seven without a walk . The Cubs have lost five of their last six games . Lackey retired the first 10 batters before Bethancourt drove a 1 - 0 pitch into the bleachers in left for his fourth homer of the season and second in two games . Bethancourt , who had n't homered since April 21 , also hit a solo shot in the fifth inning of a 6 - 5 win over the Chicago Cubs on April 12 . Pomeranz , who struck out seven and walked none , gave up three hits and one run in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked none . He was replaced by Dexter Fowler after Tommy La Stella singled with one out in the fifth . San Diego loaded the bases with one out in the fifth , but Pomeranz struck out Lackey and Dexter Fowler to end the inning . The Cubs loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth against Brad Hand , but Hand struck out pinch-hitter Ben Zobrist to start the inning . Dexter Fowler then walked and Kris Bryant reached on an error by shortstop Alexei Ramirez . Anthony Rizzo walked to load the bases before Hand struck out Jorge Soler .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Baltimore Orioles are finally starting to show signs of life . Chris Davis homered twice and drove in four runs , Mark Trumbo homered twice and the Orioles beat the Minnesota Twins 9 - 2 on Wednesday night . The Orioles have won four of their last five games . Wilson ( 2 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits with two strikeouts and one walk in seven innings . Phil Hughes ( 1 - 6 ) gave up five runs and six hits in four innings . He struck out four without a walk . Davis hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning and Trumbo followed with his second home run of the season . Jones and Davis hit back-to-back doubles in the sixth off Pat Dean to make it 6 - 2 . Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the second inning to give the Orioles a 2 - 0 lead . It was his second multihomer game of the season and fourth of his career . Jones led off the fourth with a single and scored on Davis ' first homer of the season . Trumbo then hit the next pitch into the seats in left field for a 5 - 1 lead . Eddie Rosario led off the fifth with a double and scored on Danny Santana 's single to make it 5 - 2 . Santana stole second and scored on Eduardo Nunez 's double-play grounder . Jones and Davis hit consecutive singles off Pat Dean in the sixth to make it 6 - 2 . Jones hit a two - run homer off Brandon Kintzler in the ninth .
HOUSTON -- Trevor Bauer did n't have his best stuff . Bauer allowed three hits in seven shutout innings to lead the Cleveland Indians to a 4 - 0 win over the Houston Astros on Friday night . Bauer ( 3 - 0 ) struck out seven and walked three . The Indians scored twice in the second off Chris Devenski ( 0 - 2 ) . Mike Napoli singled to start the inning before Carlos Santana walked to load the bases . Juan Uribe drove in a run with a fielder 's choice and Lonnie Chisenhall followed with an RBI double to make it 2 - 0 . Devenski allowed five hits and two runs with five strikeouts in 6 2/3 innings . Mike Napoli singled to start the second inning before Carlos Santana walked . Jose Ramirez advanced the runners with a sacrifice bunt , and Napoli scored on a fielder 's choice by Juan Uribe . Mike Napoli added an RBI double to make it 4 - 0 . The Astros were shut out for the second time this season and have been shut out for the first time in nine games . Bauer did n't allow a hit until Luis Valbuena doubled with one out in the fifth inning . Valbuena advanced to third on a groundout by Erik Kratz before Bauer struck out Jose Altuve to end the inning . Bauer did n't allow a hit until George Springer drew a leadoff walk in the sixth . He struck out Carlos Correa and retired Preston Tucker on a fly ball to end the inning . Bauer did n't allow a hit until a walk to George Springer with no outs in the sixth inning . He struck out Carlos Correa and got Preston Tucker to fly out to end the inning . Jason Kipnis tripled with one out in the eighth and scored on Francisco Lindor 's single to make it 3 - 0 . Mike Napoli followed with an RBI double to make it 4 - 0 .
SEATTLE -- Dae-Ho Lee was in the middle of a pennant race . Lee hit a three - run homer and the Seattle Mariners beat the Tampa Bay Rays 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Lee hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning to give the Mariners a 6 - 2 lead . It was his second homer of the season and second in two games . Lee is hitting .283 with four homers and 11 RBIs in his last 10 games . Wade Miley ( 3 - 2 ) gave up four runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Drew Smyly ( 1 - 4 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out five without a walk . Gutierrez hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Kyle Seager added a sacrifice fly later in the inning . Pearce led off the second with his second home run of the season . Steve Pearce hit his second home run of the game in the fourth for the Rays , who have lost four of five . The Rays got a run back in the sixth on Evan Longoria 's RBI groundout that scored Curt Casali , who walked and went to third on Brandon Guyer 's double . Steven Souza Jr. hit his second homer of the season in the seventh to cut it to 6 - 4 , but Nick Vincent retired Desmond Jennings and Tim Beckham before walking Kevin Kiermaier . Vidal Nuno came in and struck out pinch hitter Corey Dickerson to end the threat . Hank Conger led off the ninth with a single , but Cishek struck out pinch-hitter Logan Morrison and Dickerson .
DENVER -- The Arizona Diamondbacks have been waiting all season long enough to keep their winning streak alive . Paul Goldschmidt homered for the second straight game and Yasmany Tomas had three hits to help the Diamondbacks beat the Colorado Rockies 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . The Diamondbacks have won four of their last five games , including four straight at Coors Field . De La Rosa ( 4 - 4 ) allowed one run and four hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Chris Rusin ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Diamondbacks broke the game open with a four - run sixth against Rusin ( 1 - 1 ) . Welington Castillo led off with a double , moved to third on Jake Lamb 's groundout and scored on Chris Owings ' double . De La Rosa then laid down a sacrifice bunt to score Owings and De La Rosa laid down a sacrifice bunt to score Owings . Jean Segura added an RBI single to make it 4 - 0 . Goldschmidt homered off Gonzalez Germen in the seventh to make it 5 - 0 . De La Rosa did n't allow a hit until Tony Wolters drew a leadoff walk in the eighth . Mark Reynolds followed with a single and Wolters scored on a wild pitch by Daniel Hudson to make it 5 - 1 . Daniel Hudson came on and got Charlie Blackmon to ground out , and Carlos Gonzalez grounded out to end the inning . The Rockies have lost five of their last six games . The Diamondbacks scored three times in the sixth to take a 4 - 0 lead . Chris Owings hit an RBI double and De La Rosa laid down a sacrifice bunt to drive in a run before Segura singled to make it 4 - 0 . The Rockies , who have lost five of their last six games , have scored three runs or fewer in seven of their last 10 games . The Diamondbacks broke the game open in the sixth . Welington Castillo led off with a double and moved to third on a groundout by Jake Lamb . Castillo moved to third on Jake Lamb 's groundout and scored on Owings ' double to left . The Rockies have lost five of their last six games . The Diamondbacks broke it open in the sixth . Welington Castillo led off with a double , moved to third on Jake Lamb 's groundout and scored on a double by Chris Owings to make it 2 - 0 . De La Rosa followed with a sacrifice bunt , and De La Rosa laid down a sacrifice bunt to drive in a run before Jean Segura 's RBI single made it 4 - 0 . The Rockies , who have lost five of their last six games , have scored three runs or fewer in seven of their last 10 games . The Diamondbacks broke the game open in the sixth . Welington Castillo led off with a double , moved to third on Jake Lamb 's groundout and scored on a double by Chris Owings to make it 2 - 0 . De La Rosa followed with a sacrifice bunt , and De La Rosa laid down a sacrifice bunt to score Owings and make it 4 - 0 . Jean Segura followed with an RBI single to make it 4 - 0 . The Rockies , who have lost five of their last six games , have scored three runs or fewer in seven of their last 10 games . The Diamondbacks broke the game open in the sixth . Welington Castillo led off with a double , moved to third on Jake Lamb 's groundout and scored on a double by Chris Owings to make it 2 - 0 . De La Rosa followed with a sacrifice bunt , and De La Rosa laid down a sacrifice bunt to score Owings and make it 4 - 0 . Jean Segura followed with an RBI single to make it 4 - 0 . The Rockies , who have lost five of their last six games , have scored three runs or fewer in seven of their last 10 games . The Diamondbacks broke the game open in the sixth . Welington Castillo led off with a double , moved to third on Jake Lamb 's groundout and scored on a double by Chris Owings to make it 2 - 0 . De La Rosa followed with a sacrifice bunt , and De La Rosa laid down a sacrifice bunt to drive in a run before Jean Segura 's RBI single made it 4 - 0 . The Rockies , who have lost five of their last six games , have scored three runs or fewer in seven of their last 10 games . The Diamondbacks broke the game open in the sixth . Welington Castillo led off with a double , moved to third on Jake Lamb 's groundout and scored on a double by Chris Owings to make it 2 - 0 . De La Rosa followed with a sacrifice bunt , and De La Rosa laid down a sacrifice bunt to drive in a run . Jean Segura added an RBI single to make it 4 - 0 . The Rockies , who have lost five of their last six games , have scored three runs or fewer in seven of their last 10 games . The Diamondbacks broke the game open in the sixth . Welington Castillo led off with a double and moved to third on a groundout
SAN FRANCISCO -- J. A. Happ was n't going to let a runner reach third base . He did n't have to wait long to get his first win in nearly a month . Happ pitched into the eighth inning , Troy Tulowitzki homered and drove in three runs , and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the San Francisco Giants 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Happ ( 5 - 0 ) allowed six hits in 8 2/3 innings , struck out five and walked three . Roberto Osuna got Jarrett Parker on a called third strike to end the ninth with the bases loaded for his eighth save in nine chances . Matt Cain ( 0 - 5 ) gave up two runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked none . The Giants lost for the fourth time in five games . Cain struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the second time in his last four starts . Tulowitzki put the Blue Jays up 1 - 0 in the second with his fourth home run of the season and second in two days . Michael Saunders tripled with one out in the seventh and scored on Tulowitzki 's sacrifice fly to make it 2 - 0 . The Blue Jays added a pair of runs in the ninth off Derek Law . Jarrett Parker singled with one out and Kelby Tomlinson followed with a single to center . Happ struck out pinch hitter Trevor Brown and got Denard Span to fly out to center to end the inning . The Giants loaded the bases with two outs in the ninth before Osuna struck out pinch-hitter Trevor Brown and got Denard Span to ground out to end the game . The Giants loaded the bases with two outs in the ninth but Osuna struck out Parker .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting all season long enough to win the AL East . Chris Davis hit his first home run of the season and the Orioles beat the Oakland Athletics 5 - 2 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . The Orioles , meanwhile , have won six of their last seven games . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 2 - 3 ) gave up two runs and nine hits in eight innings , striking out six and walking one . Zach Britton worked a perfect ninth for his seventh save . Jesse Hahn ( 1 - 1 ) gave up five runs , four earned , and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out none . The Orioles took a 4 - 0 lead in the third . After Caleb Joseph singled , Manny Machado doubled and Hyun Soo Kim drove in a run with a groundout . Davis followed with a two - run shot to left . The Orioles made it 5 - 0 in the fourth . Jonathan Schoop singled and scored on a single by Josh Phegley before Jimenez struck out Marcus Semien . Josh Reddick added an RBI single to make it 5 - 2 , but Khris Davis popped out to end the inning . The A 's did n't get a runner past first base the rest of the way . The A 's made it 5 - 2 in the fifth when Yonder Alonso doubled and scored on a single by Josh Phegley . Josh Reddick added an RBI single to make it 5 - 2 . The A 's made it 5 - 2 in the seventh when Marcus Semien drew a one - out walk , but Jimenez got Billy Burns to ground into a double play .
PITTSBURGH -- Jon Lester was n't going to let the game get away from him . The Chicago Cubs ' left-hander pitched 5 2/3 shutout innings , Ben Zobrist hit a three - run homer in the third and the Cubs beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Lester ( 3 - 1 ) gave up eight hits , struck out five and walked two while lowering his ERA to 1.58 . Zobrist hit a three - run homer in the third off Juan Nicasio ( 3 - 3 ) , who was making his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained right shoulder . Rizzo doubled and scored on Javier Baez 's double in the fifth to make it 4 - 0 . Nicasio ( 3 - 3 ) was charged with four runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . Matt Joyce hit a two - run homer in the seventh off Cubs reliever Adam Warren to cut the Pirates ' lead to 5 - 2 . The Cubs added a run in the ninth against Mark Melancon on a fielder 's choice by Javier Baez . Rizzo doubled and scored on Javier Baez 's double in the fifth to make it 4 - 0 . The Pirates loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth but failed to score . Lester struck out Sean Rodriguez and Gregory Polanco to end the threat . The Pirates loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on a single by David Freese , a walk to Starling Marte and a bunt single by Cervelli . Lester then struck out Sean Rodriguez , Josh Harrison and Gregory Polanco to end the threat . McCutchen doubled with one out in the seventh and scored on Joyce 's second pinch-hit homer of the season .
PITTSBURGH -- Jake Arrieta was n't sure what to expect . Arrieta pitched seven shutout innings , and the Chicago Cubs beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . Arrieta ( 6 - 0 ) allowed two hits , struck out five and walked two while throwing 61 of his 99 pitches for strikes . Kris Bryant had three hits and Kris Bryant had two hits and an RBI for the Cubs , who won for the fourth time in five games . Jonathon Niese ( 3 - 1 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in five - plus innings . He walked five and struck out three . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games . The Cubs took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI groundout by Javier Baez and an RBI single by Jake Arrieta . Addison Russell drew a leadoff walk in the fourth and moved to third on Tim Federowicz 's double down the right-field line . Russell scored on a wild pitch and Jorge Soler and Kris Bryant followed with RBI singles . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games . Sean Rodriguez led off the eighth with a single and went to third when shortstop Addison Russell bobbled Chris Stewart 's grounder for an error . Cahill struck out Jason Rogers before John Jaso drove in Rodriguez with a groundout . John Jaso 's RBI groundout in the eighth off Trevor Cahill made it 6 - 1 . The Cubs added a run in the ninth off Jared Hughes on Ben Zobrist 's sacrifice fly .
SAN DIEGO -- James Shields is making the most of his opportunity . Shields won for the first time in more than a year and the San Diego Padres beat the Colorado Rockies 2 - 1 on Wednesday night . Shields ( 1 - 4 ) allowed one run and nine hits in six innings , struck out five and walked two . Fernando Rodney pitched a perfect ninth for his fifth save in as many chances . Jon Gray ( 0 - 1 ) struck out a season-high 11 in six innings , allowing two runs and four hits . He walked one and struck out a season-high 11 . The Rockies have lost three straight and six of seven . The Padres scored two runs on four hits in the first inning . Jon Jay led off with a single , took second on Wil Myers ' single and scored on Kemp 's double into the right-field corner . San Diego cut it to 2 - 1 in the fourth when Carlos Gonzalez singled , took second on Nolan Arenado 's single and scored when Nick Hundley doubled down the right-field line . The Rockies had runners on first and second with two outs in the fifth when Carlos Gonzalez was thrown out trying to steal second . The Rockies threatened in the fifth when DJ LeMahieu led off with a single and moved to second on a groundout by Charlie Blackmon . Trevor Story then walked , but Carlos Gonzalez was thrown out trying to steal second . The Rockies had a chance to tie the game in the seventh when they had runners on first and second with one out , but Ryan Buchter struck out Charlie Blackmon and Trevor Story to end the inning . Ryan Buchter pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings and Brandon Maurer got the last two outs of the eighth for San Diego .
NEW YORK -- Madison Bumgarner did n't have his best stuff . Bumgarner struck out seven in six shutout innings , and the San Francisco Giants beat the New York Mets 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Bumgarner ( 3 - 2 ) gave up six hits , walked three and struck out seven . Hunter Pence hit a two - run homer in a three - run fourth against Noah Syndergaard ( 2 - 1 ) , and Matt Duffy and Matt Duffy had two hits apiece for the Giants , who won for the fourth time in five games . Syndergaard ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . Pence hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Giants , who have won four of five . Syndergaard ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings , striking out six and walking two . He was replaced by Hansel Robles after Matt Duffy singled with one out in the sixth . Derek Law gave up an RBI single to David Wright in the seventh that made it 5 - 1 . Javier Lopez got the last out of the inning , and Cory Gearrin got the final three outs . Angel Pagan had an RBI single off Antonio Bastardo in the seventh for the Giants , who have won four of five . The Mets had runners on first and third with two outs in the sixth , but Bumgarner struck out pinch-hitter Asdrubal Cabrera on three pitches to end the threat . Javier Lopez got the last out of the seventh , and Cory Gearrin got the last three outs . Posey homered off Logan Verrett in the eighth .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Kendrys Morales has been one of the hottest hitters in the National League . Morales homered for the second straight game and drove in two runs , leading the Kansas City Royals to a 4 - 2 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Friday night . Morales has been one of the most consistent hitters in the majors . He had been 0 - for - 4 with a walk and a stolen base in the first two games of the series . Dillon Gee ( 3 - 2 ) got the win despite giving up a solo homer to Jhonny Peralta in the top of the sixth . Morales homered off Tyler Lyons in the eighth to put the Royals up 4 - 2 . Wade Davis worked the ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . Mike Leake ( 5 - 6 ) gave up three runs , two earned , in seven innings . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a throwing error by catcher Brayan Pena . Alcides Escobar singled with two outs in the second , stole second and scored on Jarrod Dyson 's double . Moss led off the fourth with a homer to straightaway center , his fifth of the season and second in two games . Alex Gordon singled to start the Royals ' sixth and moved to third on Whit Merrifield 's groundout . He scored on Morales ' double . Morales homered off Tyler Lyons in the eighth .
SEATTLE -- Taijuan Walker has been one of the best pitchers in the American League . Walker took a no-hitter into the seventh inning , Hyun Soo Kim hit a two - run homer and the Seattle Mariners beat the Baltimore Orioles 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Walker ( 4 - 6 ) gave up one run and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked none . Seth Smith and Seth Smith hit two - run homers in the fifth off Chris Tillman ( 10 - 2 ) , who gave up four runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . Hyun Soo Kim and Hyun Soo Kim homered for the Orioles , who have lost five of six . The Orioles scored two runs off Joaquin Benoit in the eighth . Mark Trumbo led off the ninth with a single , but Cishek struck out Matt Wieters and Pedro Alvarez to end it . Chris Tillman ( 10 - 2 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Robinson Cano drew a two - out walk and Nelson Cruz drew a two - out walk before Kyle Seager singled in Cano . In the fourth , Nelson Cruz was hit by a pitch to open the inning and Dae-Ho Lee singled with one out . But Adam Lind flied out and Chris Iannetta lined out to end the inning . The Mariners added an unearned run in the fifth . Leonys Martin reached on a one - out single and Smith followed with a two - run homer to left . Robinson Cano followed with a single and Kyle Seager was intentionally walked to load the bases . Dylan Bundy came in and struck out Adam Lind to end the inning . Cruz doubled with one out in the seventh and scored on a groundout by Lee .
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- Sean Rodriguez was n't sure what to expect . Rodriguez hit two doubles and drove in four runs to lead the Pittsburgh Pirates to an 8 - 1 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Friday night . Sean Rodriguez had two hits and drove in four runs for the NL Central leaders , who have won four of five . Rodriguez drove in four runs and Starling Marte had three hits and scored three times . Taillon ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and six hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked none . Wade Miley ( 6 - 4 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in four - plus innings . Freese led off the second with a homer to left , his ninth of the season and second in as many games . The Pirates added three more runs in the fourth . Starling Marte led off with a single , stole second and scored on Sean Rodriguez 's double . Jordy Mercer added an RBI single later in the inning to make it 5 - 0 . The Pirates added three runs in the fifth off Donn Roach . Kyle Seager led off with a double and scored on Adam Lind 's one - out single to right . But Taillon retired Chris Iannetta and Ketel Marte to end the threat . The Mariners ' only run came in the fifth when Kyle Seager led off with a double and scored on Adam Lind 's one - out single . The Mariners threatened in the sixth when Seth Smith singled with one out and Robinson Cano followed with a single to right . But Taillon struck out Nelson Cruz and got Kyle Seager to ground out to end the threat .
PHOENIX -- The Philadelphia Phillies are on a roll . Tyler Goeddel 's sacrifice fly in the 10th inning lifted the Phillies to a 9 - 8 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday night . The NL East-leading Phillies won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 1 in extra innings this season . Andres Blanco hit a tying two - run single off Daniel Hudson in the eighth , and Cesar Hernandez had a career-high four hits for the Phillies , who have won four of five . Peter Bourjos singled with one out in the 10th off Silvino Bracho ( 0 - 2 ) and advanced to third on Cody Asche 's single to right . Goeddel 's fly ball to right scored Bourjos . Brett Oberholtzer pitched the 10th for his first save of the season . Andres Blanco had a two - run single in the eighth for Arizona , which tied it at 7 on Cody Asche 's sacrifice fly off Jake Barrett . The Phillies jumped on Archie Bradley for two runs in the first inning . Odubel Herrera drew a leadoff walk and scored on Bourjos ' fourth homer of the season . The Diamondbacks took a 3 - 2 lead in the bottom of the first when Phil Gosselin doubled , then Lamb drove a 2 - 0 pitch into the left-field seats to give Philadelphia a 3 - 2 lead . The Diamondbacks added a run in the second when Brandon Drury singled , took third on Michael Bourn 's double and scored on Segura 's sacrifice fly . Arizona cut it to 4 - 3 in the fifth when Zach Eflin doubled and scored on Asche 's two - out double . The Phillies tied it at 4 in the seventh on Asche 's RBI single off Tyler Clippard .
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) -- The Baltimore Orioles found a way to win . Hyun Soo Kim hit a three - run homer and J. J. Hardy had two hits to lead the Orioles to an 11 - 7 win over the San Diego Padres on Friday night . The Orioles won for the fifth time in six games and improved to 5 - 0 on the road . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 5 - 7 ) allowed one run and three hits in five innings , struck out five and walked four . Erik Johnson ( 0 - 6 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings , struck out two and walked none . Hyun Soo Kim hit a two - run homer and J. J. Hardy had two hits and scored twice for the Orioles , who won for the fourth time in five games . The Orioles scored seven runs on six hits in the sixth , including a two - run double by Jonathan Schoop and a two - run double by Jonathan Schoop . Wil Myers hit a three - run homer off Oliver Drake in the seventh to make it 11 - 4 . The Orioles scored three runs in the bottom of the ninth off T. J. McFarland , who was making his major league debut . Adam Rosales hit a two - run double and Yangervis Solarte added an RBI double . The Orioles took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth when Jonathan Schoop doubled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Chris Davis . Kim hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Orioles a 4 - 1 lead . J. J. Hardy led off the inning with a single and Kim hit a two - run homer to left .
CINCINNATI -- Javier Baez was n't going to let the game get away . Baez hit a grand slam in the 15th inning , and the Chicago Cubs rallied for a 7 - 2 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Baez 's first homer of the season came off J. J. Hoover ( 1 - 2 ) , who was called up from Triple-A Louisville earlier in the day . He gave up a one - out walk to Ben Zobrist , then gave up a single to Jason Heyward . Baez hit a 1 - 2 pitch into the seats in left field for his fourth homer of the season . Cubs manager Joe Maddon was n't surprised by the way Wood was going to hit . Hamilton hit his 14th homer of the season , a solo shot in the eighth off Hector Rondon that cut it to 2 - 1 . The Reds tied it in the ninth against Hector Rondon . Brandon Phillips was hit by a pitch with one out , and Jay Bruce followed with a single . After Adam Duvall struck out , Eugenio Suarez singled to right . The Reds have lost five of their last six games . Reds starter John Lamb gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Zobrist led off the game with a homer off John Lamb for a 1 - 0 lead . Matt Szczur led off the fifth with a double and scored on Lester 's single .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- The Cleveland Indians have been waiting all season long . Jason Kipnis homered in the ninth inning , Mike Napoli had three hits and the Indians beat the Atlanta Braves 8 - 3 on Wednesday night . The Indians have won four of five . Trevor Bauer ( 6 - 2 ) gave up two runs on five hits and three walks in six innings . Tyrell Jenkins ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six hits and four runs in four innings . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Francisco Lindor doubled and scored on Mike Napoli 's single . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Jace Peterson 's single and a sacrifice fly by Nick Markakis . Chisenhall 's homer made it 4 - 1 in the fourth . The Indians added a run in the seventh . Tyler Naquin led off with a double and scored on pinch-hitter Carlos Santana 's single off Mauricio Cabrera . Napoli led off the eighth with a single off Ian Krol and scored on Ramirez 's single . Tyler Naquin 's RBI double made it 7 - 2 . Kipnis added a solo homer off Matt Marksberry in the ninth .
DETROIT -- The Cleveland Indians have been waiting all season to win . Juan Uribe and Lonnie Chisenhall homered in Cleveland 's five - run fifth inning , and the Indians beat the Detroit Tigers 9 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Indians won for the seventh time in nine games . Josh Tomlin ( 9 - 1 ) gave up three runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out three and walked one . Justin Verlander ( 7 - 6 ) gave up eight runs and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Tigers have lost four straight and six of seven . Uribe and Tyler Naquin hit consecutive homers in the fifth for the Indians , who have won four of five . Yan Gomes added an RBI single in the eighth for Cleveland . Mike Aviles hit a solo homer in the third for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . The Indians took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth . Michael Martinez drew a leadoff walk and took third on Francisco Lindor 's single . Martinez scored on a wild pitch , and Lonnie Chisenhall 's two - out single scored Lindor . Martinez 's second homer of the game tied it at 2 in the fourth , but Martinez tied it with a solo shot in the bottom of the inning . Martinez 's second homer of the game tied it in the bottom of the inning , but the Tigers tied it in the bottom of the inning on Mike Aviles ' second homer of the game .
BALTIMORE -- For the first time in more than a month , the Baltimore Orioles had no complaints . Chris Davis hit a tiebreaking RBI single in the seventh inning , and the Orioles rallied to beat the Tampa Bay Rays 8 - 6 on Wednesday night . The Orioles won for the seventh time in nine games , and their magic number for clinching the AL East remained at three . Chris Davis hit a solo homer in the sixth inning for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . The Orioles trailed 6 - 5 in the seventh when Joey Rickard doubled off Erasmo Ramirez ( 7 - 6 ) and scored on a single by Adam Jones . After Manny Machado singled , Chris Davis hit an RBI single off Xavier Cedeno to make it 7 - 6 . The Rays loaded the bases with no outs in the eighth against Brad Brach before Xavier Cedeno struck out Logan Forsythe and Evan Longoria . Matt Wieters homered twice and drove in three runs for Tampa Bay , and J. J. Hardy and Joey Rickard had two hits apiece for Tampa Bay . Orioles starter Chris Tillman gave up six runs and 10 hits in five innings . Tampa Bay starter Jake Odorizzi gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Logan Forsythe hit a leadoff double and scored on a single by Logan Morrison . Hank Conger put Tampa Bay up 2 - 0 in the second with a drive into the left-field seats . The Rays made it 4 - 0 in the third . Morrison singled and scored on a double by Desmond Jennings , Oswaldo Arcia walked and Hank Conger drew a bases-loaded walk to make it 4 - 0 . The Orioles got a run back in the bottom half when Nolan Reimold doubled and scored on a single by Rickard . The Rays made it 6 - 3 in the fifth . Morrison led off with a double and scored on a double by Miller . Arcia added a sacrifice fly . Jones homered in the fifth to make it 6 - 4 .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- The Baltimore Orioles found a way to win . Ryan Flaherty and Mark Trumbo homered in a four - run fifth inning , and the Orioles beat the San Diego Padres 7 - 2 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . The Orioles have won six of their last seven games . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 4 - 7 ) gave up two runs and four hits in six innings , walking four and striking out seven . Erik Johnson ( 0 - 5 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in four - plus innings . The Padres got a first-inning run when Travis Jankowski singled , took second on a groundout and scored on a single by Matt Kemp . Trumbo tied it in the bottom half with a drive to center . It was his fourth of the season and second in two games . Jonathan Schoop doubled in a run in the third to make it 2 - 1 , but the Orioles went up 3 - 1 in the bottom half when Adam Jones singled and scored on a two - out double by Jonathan Schoop . The Orioles made it 3 - 1 in the fourth . Trumbo led off with a single , stole second and scored on a single by Wieters . The Padres got an unearned run in the fifth when Travis Jankowski singled , stole second and scored on a single by Matt Kemp . The Orioles added an unearned run in the bottom half . Flaherty led off with a homer , Adam Jones singled and Hyun Soo Kim singled before Johnson walked Jonathan Schoop to load the bases . Carlos Villanueva replaced Johnson and hit Davis with a pitch to force in a run , and Matt Wieters hit a sacrifice fly to make it 6 - 2 . Kim added an RBI single off Carlos Villanueva in the sixth .
ARLINGTON , Texas ( AP ) -- Ian Desmond has been a big part of the Texas Rangers ' recent success . Desmond homered for the first time in more than a month , and the Texas Rangers beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Desmond , who had a two - run homer in the second inning of a game for the first time in his career , hit a solo shot in the third for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Desmond 's homer in the third off Kevin Gausman ( 0 - 5 ) gave the Rangers a 3 - 0 lead . Prince Fielder and Chris Davis led off the fourth with consecutive walks before Fielder scored on Bobby Wilson 's sacrifice fly . Choo followed with a two - run single . Sam Dyson pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 15 chances . Kevin Gausman ( 0 - 5 ) gave up four runs and nine hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Rangers loaded the bases with one out in the fourth on a walk to Prince Fielder , a single by Elvis Andrus and a single by Mitch Moreland before Bobby Wilson drove in Fielder with a sacrifice fly . Joey Rickard 's RBI double made it 3 - 0 . The Orioles loaded the bases with no outs in the third before Holland struck out J. J. Hardy and got Nolan Reimold to hit into an inning-ending double play . Desmond 's homer made it 3 - 1 in the third . Beltre was hit by a pitch with one out in the fifth , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double .
BALTIMORE -- For the first time in more than two months , the Baltimore Orioles found a way to win . Matt Wieters hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs , and the Orioles beat the Toronto Blue Jays 11 - 6 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . It was the first time this season the Orioles had a three - game winning streak . Chris Tillman ( 10 - 1 ) gave up four runs and five hits in five - plus innings . The right-hander is 5 - 0 in his last seven starts . Marcus Stroman ( 6 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and 10 hits in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The Orioles took a 3 - 0 lead in the first inning on a single by Adam Jones , a single by Hyun Soo Kim and a two - run homer by Wieters . The Blue Jays went up 4 - 3 in the second on a two - run homer by Tulowitzki and a two - run shot by Travis . Baltimore tied it in the bottom half when Pedro Alvarez singled and scored on a single by Ryan Flaherty . Wieters led off the fourth with a double and scored on a single by Jonathan Schoop . One out later , Ryan Flaherty hit an RBI double and scored on a single by Adam Jones . Wieters singled in a run off Joe Biagini in the fifth to make it 8 - 4 . The Blue Jays closed to 8 - 6 in the seventh when Troy Tulowitzki doubled and scored on a double by Devon Travis . Pinch-hitter Justin Smoak reached on shortstop J. J. Hardy 's throwing error , and Schoop followed with a two - run homer off Jesse Chavez . Wieters hit an RBI single off Chad Girodo in the seventh and Schoop followed with a two - run drive to left .
HOUSTON -- The Cincinnati Reds have n't had much success lately . Eugenio Suarez drove in the go-ahead run with a double in the 11th inning and the Reds beat the Houston Astros 4 - 2 on Wednesday night . The Reds won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 5 - 0 in extra innings this season . Carlos Correa tied it at 2 with a solo homer in the eighth inning off Blake Wood . Adam Duvall singled off Pat Neshek ( 2 - 1 ) to start the 11th and scored on Suarez 's double down the right-field line . Suarez advanced to third on a sacrifice bunt by Billy Hamilton and scored on a squeeze bunt by Ramon Cabrera . J. J. Hoover ( 1 - 1 ) pitched two innings for the win . Carlos Correa tied it at 2 with a solo homer off Blake Wood in the eighth inning . Billy Hamilton singled with one out in the seventh for Houston 's first hit and moved to third on Ramon Cabrera 's single to right . Hamilton scored on a groundout by Jose Peraza to put Cincinnati up 2 - 1 . Houston starter Lance McCullers allowed eight hits and two runs with six strikeouts in 6 2/3 innings . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Jose Peraza scored on a double by Zack Cozart . The Astros tied it in the sixth when Marwin Gonzalez reached on an infield single and Jose Altuve walked before Carlos Correa grounded into a force at the plate . Gonzalez scored on a single by Carlos Gomez to tie it at 1 - 1 . Hamilton singled with one out in the seventh before a single by Cabrera put runners at the corners . Hamilton scored on Jose Peraza 's groundout to shortstop .
SAN DIEGO -- B. J. Upton is making the most of his opportunity . Upton had three hits , including a homer , and drove in two runs to lead the San Diego Padres to a 6 - 3 win over the Miami Marlins on Friday night . Upton , who had a career-high three hits , is hitting .246 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last six games . The Padres scored three runs in the fifth to take a 5 - 3 lead . Norris hit a two - run single with two outs and Upton followed with an RBI single . Perdomo ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings , struck out four and walked two . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 13th save in as many chances . Justin Nicolino ( 2 - 4 ) allowed five runs and 10 hits in 4 2/3 innings , struck out three and walked none . The Marlins scored in the first when Ichiro Suzuki singled , Martin Prado singled and Christian Yelich singled to bring in Suzuki . The Padres tied it in the bottom of the inning when Upton drove a 1 - 0 pitch into the seats in left field for his fourth homer . The Marlins took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth when Marcell Ozuna was hit by a pitch , took second on a single by Justin Bour and scored on J. T. Realmuto 's single . Adeiny Hechavarria was intentionally walked to load the bases , and Miguel Rojas hit a sacrifice fly to center . The Padres went ahead 5 - 3 in the fifth on Norris ' two - run single and Upton 's RBI single . Jon Jay singled with two outs in the sixth and scored on Myers ' double off Nick Wittgren .
BOSTON -- Chris Tillman has been one of the best pitchers in the majors . Tillman pitched into the eighth inning , Jackie Bradley Jr. hit a solo homer and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Boston Red Sox 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Tillman ( 9 - 1 ) gave up one run on five hits and two walks , striking out seven in seven innings . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Tillman retired Chris Young and Christian Vazquez to end the inning . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth before Zach Britton struck out pinch-hitter Josh Rutledge and Rusney Castillo for his 20th save . Price ( 7 - 4 ) gave up three runs and five hits in eight innings . He struck out 11 and walked none . Machado gave the Orioles a 2 - 0 lead in the first with his fourth homer of the season after Joey Rickard singled with one out . The Red Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the second on a double by David Ortiz and a walk to Ramirez , but Tillman struck out Jackie Bradley Jr. and got Christian Vazquez to ground into a fielder 's choice . The Red Sox had runners on first and third with one out in the third , but Tillman struck out David Ortiz to end the inning . Bradley 's homer cut it to 2 - 1 in the seventh . Schoop 's homer made it 3 - 1 in the eighth . Schoop 's homer made it 3 - 1 in the eighth .
NEW YORK -- Jameson Taillon 's first major league win was a memorable one . Taillon allowed two hits in eight shutout innings and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the New York Mets 4 - 0 on Tuesday night . Taillon ( 1 - 0 ) struck out five and walked one in his first start of the season . Jung Ho Kang hit a two - run homer off Jacob deGrom ( 3 - 3 ) in the sixth inning , and Starling Marte added a two - run shot as the Pirates won for the seventh time in eight games . Starling Marte hit a two - run homer and Starling Marte added a two - run shot off Jim Henderson in the eighth for the Pirates , who have won four of five . deGrom ( 3 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked one . The Mets lost for only the second time in eight games . Kang hit a two - run homer in the sixth to give Pittsburgh a 2 - 0 lead . It was the first home run allowed by deGrom ( 3 - 3 ) , who struck out nine and walked one in six innings . Marte 's homer was his first at Citi Field since Sept. 28 , 2007 , when he was with the New York Yankees . Jim Henderson relieved Henderson in the eighth and gave up a two - run homer to Marte . The Mets threatened in the eighth when James Loney hit a one - out single , but Taillon got Kevin Plawecki to ground into a fielder 's choice and struck out pinch-hitter Michael Conforto . Pinch-hitter Matt Reynolds led off the ninth with a double off Tony Watson . Asdrubal Cabrera followed with a grounder to the mound , but Yoenis Cespedes made a diving , backhanded stop and then threw to first for the final out .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- The Detroit Tigers had a lot to do with that . Miguel Cabrera had four hits , Jose Iglesias drove in the go-ahead run in the ninth inning and the Tigers beat the Chicago White Sox 11 - 8 on Tuesday night . The Tigers had 16 hits and won for the fourth time in five games . Jordan Zimmermann ( 9 - 3 ) allowed six runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked one . Miguel Gonzalez ( 1 - 2 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . Jose Iglesias doubled with one out in the first and scored on Cabrera 's single to right . The White Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the second . Tim Anderson led off with a double and scored on Justin Upton 's double . Eaton scored on Melky Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . The Tigers added three runs in the third on a walk to Upton , a sacrifice fly by James McCann and a bases-loaded walk to Andrew Romine . Adam Eaton led off the bottom of the fifth with a triple and scored on Jose Abreu 's sacrifice fly . Chicago 's Tyler Saladino hit a two - run homer off Mark Lowe in the ninth .
ATLANTA -- Jon Lester was n't going to let the game get away . Lester pitched seven strong innings , and the Chicago Cubs beat the Atlanta Braves 13 - 2 on Wednesday night . Lester ( 8 - 3 ) gave up five hits , struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the second straight start . He gave up five hits and no walks . The Cubs won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 5 - 0 against Atlanta this season . They have won six of their last seven overall . The Braves have lost four straight and six of seven . John Gant ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four hits and three runs , two earned , with four walks and five strikeouts in 4 1/3 innings . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jason Heyward walked , Kris Bryant walked and Rizzo hit an RBI double . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Chase d'Arnaud singled , moved to second on Freddie Freeman 's single and scored on catcher David Ross ' throwing error . The Cubs pushed the lead to 3 - 1 in the fourth . Ben Zobrist walked , moved to second on Chris Coghlan 's fielder 's choice and scored on Ross ' single . The Braves added four runs in the seventh off Casey Kelly . Jason Heyward hit a one - out double , Kris Bryant walked and Anthony Rizzo hit an RBI single . After an intentional walk to Chris Coghlan loaded the bases , Alexi Ogando came in and struck out Javier Baez before walking David Ross on a 3 - 2 pitch to force in Rizzo . The Cubs added five runs in the eighth off Chris Withrow , who was charged with six runs and five hits in one - third of an inning .
CINCINNATI -- The Cincinnati Reds had a lot to do with it . Stephen Vogt homered and scored on a wild pitch by Blake Wood in the seventh inning , rallying the Cincinnati Reds to a 2 - 1 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Wednesday night . The Reds won for the fourth time in five games and moved a season-high 10 games over .500 . They have won eight of their last 10 games overall . The Reds scored twice in the seventh off Oakland starter Sonny Gray ( 3 - 6 ) . Brandon Phillips singled with one out , advanced on a wild pitch and scored on Adam Duvall 's double off the wall in center field . Pinch-hitter Jake Smolinski led off the ninth with a pinch-hit single , but Tony Cingrani retired pinch-hitter Billy Butler on a fly ball to center field for his sixth save in nine chances . Gray ( 3 - 6 ) gave up five hits and two runs with one walk and four strikeouts in 7 2/3 innings . The A 's lost for the fourth time in five games . Vogt homered in the third off Anthony DeSclafani , who was making his major league debut . Gray ( 3 - 6 ) gave up eight hits and two runs with one walk and four strikeouts in 7 2/3 innings . He also hit Max Muncy with a pitch with the bases loaded in the sixth inning . The A 's loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth on a walk to Khris Davis , a wild pitch and an intentional walk to Max Muncy . Gray struck out Gray to end the threat . Brandon Phillips singled with one out in the seventh and scored on Duvall 's double to right . Duvall later scored on Gray 's wild pitch to give Oakland a 2 - 1 lead . Blake Wood ( 5 - 1 ) pitched the last two innings for the Reds , who have won four of their last five overall . Wood ( 5 - 1 ) pitched the last two innings .
PITTSBURGH -- The New York Mets finally found a way to win . Wilmer Flores singled home the go-ahead run in the 10th inning and the Mets rallied to beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Mets won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 0 in extra innings this season . Michael Conforto hit a tying two - run homer off Jared Hughes in the eighth to tie it at 5 , and Yoenis Cespedes singled off A. J. Schugel to put runners on first and second with one out . Pinch-hitter Matt Reynolds flied out to the warning track in center field to end the game . Jeurys Familia worked the 10th for his 19th save in as many opportunities . Francisco Cervelli drew a leadoff walk in the bottom of the 10th and Jordy Mercer walked before Sean Rodriguez grounded into a double play . Chris Stewart walked before Familia struck out David Freese to end the game . The Pirates added a run in the seventh when Andrew McCutchen led off with a walk against Jim Henderson and scored on Josh Harrison 's sacrifice fly . The Mets had a chance to tie it in the eighth against A. J. Schugel , but pinch hitter Curtis Granderson grounded out with the bases loaded to end the inning . John Jaso reached on second baseman Neil Walker 's fielding error , Andrew McCutchen walked and Gregory Polanco hit an RBI double . Jung Ho Kang followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 . The Mets tied it in the fourth when Neil Walker drew a leadoff walk and James Loney grounded into a double play . Kelly then drove a 3 - 1 pitch from Jameson Taillon into the Pirates ' bullpen in right-center to tie it at 2 . The Mets tied it in the fifth when Syndergaard doubled and scored on Michael Conforto 's sacrifice fly .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants finally found a way to win . Mac Williamson led off the eighth inning with a home run off David Price , and the Giants beat the Boston Red Sox 2 - 1 on Sunday to complete a three - game sweep . The Giants won for the fourth time in five games following a five - game losing streak . The Giants won for the fourth time in five games and moved two games ahead of the Red Sox in the NL wild-card race . Williamson led off the eighth with a home run off Price ( 7 - 3 ) , who gave up only three hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Santiago Casilla struck out Travis Shaw and got pinch hitter Marco Hernandez to ground into a fielder 's choice to end the game . Hunter Strickland got pinch hitter Marco Hernandez to ground into a fielder 's choice for his first save . Price ( 7 - 3 ) gave up three hits and two runs over eight innings , striking out seven and walking two . The Red Sox lost for the fourth time in five games . Chris Young hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Red Sox , who lost for the fourth time in five games . Belt hit a one - out homer in the fourth to tie the game at 1 . Belt 's first home run of the season tied it in the fourth . Derek Law pitched the seventh and Derek Law worked the ninth .
NEW YORK -- For the first time in more than two months , the New York Yankees are on a roll . Carlos Beltran hit a two - run homer in a three - run first inning and the Yankees beat the Los Angeles Angels 6 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Yankees won for only the second time in their last 10 games at Yankee Stadium . Michael Pineda ( 3 - 6 ) gave up three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . Andrew Miller pitched the ninth for his seventh save in nine chances . David Huff ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings in his first start of the season . Beltran hit a two - run homer in the first off Huff ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . Aaron Hicks hit a leadoff double in the second and scored on Rob Refsnyder 's sacrifice fly for a 4 - 0 lead . Castro homered in the third for a 5 - 0 lead . The Angels closed to 5 - 3 in the fifth on an RBI single by Gregorio Petit and a two - run homer by Kole Calhoun . The Angels closed to 5 - 3 in the fifth on Gregorio Petit 's RBI single and Kole Calhoun 's two - run homer . Alex Rodriguez added an RBI single in the seventh off Cam Bedrosian .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros are finally starting to find a way to win . Carlos Correa hit an RBI double in the seventh inning , and the Astros beat the Oakland Athletics 5 - 2 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . The Astros have won four of their last five games and have the best record in the American League . Lance McCullers ( 3 - 1 ) allowed eight hits and two runs with nine strikeouts in seven innings to win his third straight start . Stephen Vogt singled with two outs in the seventh for Oakland 's first hit and advanced to second on a wild pitch before Danny Valencia walked to load the bases . Sean Doolittle came in and got Colby Rasmus to hit a grounder to third baseman Luis Valbuena , who threw to Luis Valbuena to get Altuve at the plate . A 's starter Sonny Gray allowed one run on five hits with five strikeouts in five innings . Yonder Alonso had two hits , including a two - run single in the first for Oakland . Carlos Gomez hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Astros , who have lost five of their last six games . Gomez hit a solo homer in the fifth to cut the lead to 2 - 1 . Gattis tied it with a solo homer off Danny Coulombe in the sixth inning . The A 's loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh before Billy Butler grounded into a force out to end the inning . Gomez doubled with one out in the eighth and scored on a groundout by Springer to make it 4 - 2 . Rzepczynski walked Jose Altuve and Carlos Correa to load the bases before getting Rasmus to ground into a double play .
BOSTON ( AP ) -- Marco Estrada has been on a roll since coming off the disabled list . The right-hander pitched eight strong innings and the Toronto Blue Jays held on for a 5 - 4 win over the Boston Red Sox on Wednesday night . Estrada ( 4 - 2 ) allowed two runs and two hits , striking out five and walking three . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Roberto Osuna struck out pinch-hitter Marco Hernandez to end the game . Eduardo Rodriguez ( 1 - 1 ) gave up five runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out none . Encarnacion 's homer made it 4 - 0 in the third , and Encarnacion 's homer made it 4 - 0 . Martin added a solo shot in the sixth , his fourth of the season . Chris Young hit a solo homer in the eighth for the Red Sox , who lost for the fourth time in five games . The Red Sox had taken a 5 - 1 lead in the bottom of the ninth when Dustin Pedroia led off with a double and scored on David Ortiz 's one - out double . Hanley Ramirez and Jackie Bradley Jr. followed with RBI singles before Marco Hernandez struck out on a 3 - 2 pitch to end the game . The Blue Jays had taken a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Bautista led off with a homer to left . The Red Sox loaded the bases with no outs in the bottom of the first , but Estrada escaped by striking out Travis Shaw to end the inning . The Blue Jays made it 4 - 0 in the third on back-to-back homers by Barney and Encarnacion .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- The Cleveland Indians have been waiting all season to get back on track . Danny Salazar struck out nine in eight strong innings , and the Indians beat the Kansas City Royals 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . The Indians won for the fifth time in six games . Salazar ( 6 - 3 ) gave up one run and three hits , walking five and striking out nine . Edinson Volquez ( 5 - 5 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out five . Gomes ' homer put Cleveland ahead 1 - 0 in the second . Drew Butera tied it at 1 in the third with a leadoff homer . The Indians took a 4 - 1 lead in the third on Francisco Lindor 's RBI single and Mike Napoli 's RBI double . Jose Ramirez singled and Napoli scored on Volquez 's wild pitch to Lonnie Chisenhall , who came home on Volquez 's wild pitch . Tyler Naquin hit a leadoff homer in the seventh to make it 5 - 1 . The Indians added an unearned run off Chien-Ming Wang in the eighth . Ramirez doubled with one out and scored when third baseman Juan Uribe threw wildly to third trying for an error .
BOSTON -- R. A. Dickey 's knuckleball was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . The right-hander gave up two hits in 6 2/3 innings , and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Boston Red Sox 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Dickey ( 3 - 6 ) gave up one unearned run and two hits , walking five and striking out four . Edwin Encarnacion hit a two - run homer in the first off David Price ( 7 - 2 ) , who gave up three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked four . Price ( 7 - 2 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out five . The Blue Jays jumped ahead 2 - 0 in the first when Encarnacion hit a two - run homer into the Green Monster seats after Josh Donaldson drew a one - out walk . The Red Sox cut it to 2 - 1 in the bottom of the first when Mookie Betts scored on catcher Josh Thole 's passed ball . The Blue Jays made it 3 - 1 in the fourth when Devon Travis reached on an error by third baseman Travis Shaw and scored on Darwin Barney 's double-play grounder . The Blue Jays made it 5 - 1 in the eighth when Justin Smoak drew a one - out walk and Travis followed with a homer off Koji Uehara that made it 5 - 1 . The Red Sox cut it to 5 - 2 in the eighth on a run-scoring groundout by Hanley Ramirez . The Red Sox cut it to 5 - 2 in the eighth on a run-scoring groundout by Hanley Ramirez .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting all season to keep their winning streak alive . Brian Dozier hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning , Eduardo Nunez also went deep and the Twins beat the Tampa Bay Rays 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Twins have won six of their last seven games . Evan Longoria hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning for the Rays , who have won six of their last seven games . Dozier was hit by a pitch from Erasmo Ramirez ( 6 - 4 ) with the bases loaded and one out in the sixth to force in the go-ahead run . Kepler 's RBI single off Xavier Cedeno in the seventh gave the Twins a 6 - 4 lead . Kevin Jepsen pitched the ninth for his seventh save in nine chances . The Rays have lost five of their last six games . Eduardo Nunez hit a solo homer in the first inning for the Twins . The Rays took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on Evan Longoria 's RBI single and Logan Morrison 's RBI single . The Twins took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth on Max Kepler 's RBI double and Byron Buxton 's sacrifice fly . The Twins took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth on Max Kepler 's RBI double and Byron Buxton 's sacrifice fly .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- The Atlanta Braves finally found a way to win . Freddie Freeman led off the bottom of the 11th inning with a home run and the Braves beat the San Francisco Giants 5 - 4 on Wednesday night . The Braves , who have the best record in the majors , have won six of their last seven games . Freeman led off the bottom of the ninth with a homer off Derek Law ( 1 - 1 ) . Chris Withrow ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 11th to earn the win . The Braves trailed 4 - 3 in the ninth when Adonis Garcia scored on a wild pitch by Giants closer Santiago Casilla . Brandon Belt hit a two - run homer in the fourth off Williams Perez , who gave up five hits and four runs , three earned , in 5 2/3 innings . The Giants ' Ender Inciarte tripled to lead off the fourth and scored on Gordon Beckham 's groundout . The Giants made it 4 - 1 in the sixth . Jarrett Parker singled with two outs and scored on Suarez 's single off Ian Krol . The Braves cut the lead to 4 - 3 in the sixth . Chase d'Arnaud led off with a double and scored on Mallex Smith 's triple . Ender Inciarte walked , and Smith scored when Gordon Beckham grounded into a double play . Perez gave up five hits and four runs , three earned , in 5 2/3 innings . Perez allowed four runs , three earned , in 5 2/3 innings .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins have been in first place in the AL Central since the All-Star break . Eddie Rosario hit a two - run triple in Minnesota 's four - run seventh inning , and the Twins beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 2 on Friday night for their fifth straight victory . The Twins have won six of their last seven games . Ryan Pressly ( 5 - 5 ) picked up the win with a scoreless seventh inning . Odrisamer Despaigne ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs and five hits in 1 1/3 innings for the Orioles . Ryan Pressly ( 5 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win . Kepler led off the bottom of the sixth with a home run off Odrisamer Despaigne ( 0 - 2 ) to tie it at 2 . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Grossman singled with one out and scored on Mauer 's triple into the right-field corner . The Orioles took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a single by Chris Davis , a double by Mark Trumbo and an RBI single by J. J. Hardy . The Orioles took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth . Chris Davis led off with a single , Mark Trumbo doubled and Pedro Alvarez singled to put runners at second and third with two outs . J. J. Hardy followed with an RBI single to give the Orioles a 2 - 1 lead . Kepler led off the sixth with a home run off Odrisamer Despaigne ( 0 - 2 ) to tie it at 2 . Jimenez allowed one run on five hits with eight strikeouts and three walks in five innings .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- The Milwaukee Brewers are on a roll . Martin Maldonado and Andy Wilkins hit consecutive home runs in the sixth inning , and the Brewers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Brewers have won six of their last seven games , including three in a row . Chase Anderson ( 5 - 10 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . Braden Shipley ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out four . The Brewers regained the lead in the fifth on Ryan Braun 's RBI single that scored Jonathan Lucroy , who doubled to lead off the inning . The Brewers broke the game open in the sixth . Hernan Perez reached on a fielder 's choice and Ramon Flores singled with one out . Dominic Leone relieved Shipley and Maldonado greeted him with his first home run of the season to make it 6 - 2 . Milwaukee tied it in the third on Jean Segura 's RBI single that scored Braden Shipley , who led off with a double and moved to third on Michael Bourn 's groundout . The Brewers tied it in the bottom of the inning on Jean Segura 's RBI single . The Diamondbacks tied it in the fourth . Rickie Weeks Jr. led off with a walk and scored on a double by Yasmany Tomas to tie it at 2 . Braun 's RBI single made it 3 - 2 in the fifth .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Albert Pujols is n't sure how long he 'll be in the lineup . Pujols had three hits and drove in four runs to lead the Los Angeles Angels to a 6 - 2 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Friday night . Pujols ' RBI single in the third scored Pujols , who had three hits and drove in four runs . Pujols ' RBI single in the eighth scored Johnny Giavotella , who led off the inning with a single off Chien-Ming Wang . Hector Santiago ( 9 - 4 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings , walking four and striking out five . Ian Kennedy ( 6 - 9 ) gave up four runs on six hits and three walks in five - plus innings . The Royals , who have the worst record in the American League , have lost three straight and six of seven . The Angels jumped on Kennedy for four runs in the first inning , including a two - run single by Albert Pujols and a sacrifice fly by Daniel Nava . Salvador Perez hit a two - run homer in the fourth to cut the Angels ' lead to 4 - 2 . The Royals loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth on consecutive singles by Alcides Escobar and Cheslor Cuthbert and a walk to Eric Hosmer . Santiago then struck out Kendrys Morales to end the inning . The Angels added a run in the seventh on Pujols ' RBI single off reliever Brian Flynn . The Angels tacked on a run in the ninth off Chien-Ming Wang . Johnny Giavotella led off with a single and moved to second on Yunel Escobar 's groundout . Kole Calhoun walked and Trout flew out to deep left . Pujols followed with a single to left , scoring Giavotella .
MIAMI -- Steven Matz has been one of the best pitchers in the majors . Matz allowed four hits in six shutout innings , and the New York Mets beat the Miami Marlins 3 - 0 on Friday night . Matz ( 8 - 6 ) struck out six , walked two and lowered his ERA to 3.36 . The Mets won for only the fourth time in their past 17 games . The Marlins , who have the worst record in the majors , have lost six of their past seven games . Jeurys Familia pitched a perfect ninth for his 35th save in 38 chances . Jose Urena ( 1 - 2 ) gave up one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked none . Jose Reyes hit an RBI triple in the third inning for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Pinch-hitter Alejandro De Aza , who had struck out in his first two at-bats , struck out in the eighth before Curtis Granderson walked . Yoenis Cespedes ' RBI single scored De Aza , and James Loney added an RBI single to make it 3 - 0 . The Marlins went 0 for 7 with runners in scoring position . They were 0 for 9 with runners in scoring position . The Marlins had runners on first and third with two outs in the fifth , but Matz retired Giancarlo Stanton on a comebacker to end the inning . Addison Reed pitched a scoreless eighth for New York . Addison Reed pitched a scoreless eighth .
MILWAUKEE -- Anthony Rizzo was n't sure what to expect when he came to bat . Rizzo hit a three - run double in a five - run seventh inning , and the Chicago Cubs rallied for a 6 - 5 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . The Cubs won for the 10th time in 12 games and moved within a half-game of first-place Chicago in the NL Central . Rizzo 's three - run double off Will Smith ( 1 - 3 ) highlighted a five - run seventh inning that gave the Cubs a 6 - 4 lead . The Brewers had runners on second and third with one out in the seventh , but Travis Wood struck out pinch-hitter Ramon Flores . Kirk Nieuwenhuis hit a solo homer in the ninth for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . The Brewers have lost five of six and 10 of 12 . The Brewers jumped on Jon Lester for two runs in the first . Jonathan Villar led off with a walk , stole second and third and scored on Hernan Perez 's sacrifice fly . The Brewers added a run in the fifth on Scooter Gennett 's two - run single off Clayton Richard . Joe Nathan ( 1 - 0 ) pitched the sixth for the win . Kris Bryant led off the sixth with a single and Anthony Rizzo reached on an error by second baseman Scooter Gennett . Ben Zobrist followed with an RBI single to make it 4 - 1 . Lester gave up four runs and four hits in four innings , walking five and striking out seven .
BOSTON ( AP ) -- The Minnesota Twins have been in first place in the AL Central since the All-Star break . Eduardo Nunez 's two - run single capped a six - run seventh inning and the Twins rallied from a four - run deficit to beat the Boston Red Sox 11 - 9 on Wednesday night . The Twins won for the seventh time in eight games and moved within one game of the Red Sox in the AL wild-card race . The Twins beat the New York Yankees 4 - 2 . The Twins trailed 8 - 4 before scoring six times in the seventh against Clay Buchholz . Miguel Sano homered off Heath Hembree in the eighth to make it 11 - 9 . Brandon Kintzler pitched a perfect ninth for his eighth save in eight opportunities . The Twins , who had lost four of their previous five games , moved a half-game ahead of the Red Sox in the AL wild-card race . The Red Sox lost for the fourth time in five games . The Twins took a 4 - 1 lead in the second on an RBI double by Kurt Suzuki and an RBI single by Eduardo Nunez . The Red Sox scored four runs in the bottom of the inning to take a 6 - 4 lead . Dustin Pedroia had an RBI double and Brock Holt scored on a wild pitch by Ricky Nolasco . Boston added a run in the fourth when Xander Bogaerts doubled and scored on Bradley 's double . The Twins cut it to 7 - 5 in the sixth on a sacrifice fly by Buxton .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Danny Duffy did n't have his best stuff , but he did n't need much help . Duffy pitched 6 2/3 solid innings and the Kansas City Royals beat the Texas Rangers 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Duffy ( 6 - 1 ) gave up one run and four hits , striking out four and walking two . Wade Davis worked the ninth for his 21st save in 23 opportunities . Darvish ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs , two earned , and seven hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out a season-high 11 . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning when Alcides Escobar led off with a single , stole second and scored on Eric Hosmer 's groundout . The Royals scored their first run in the second when Alex Gordon drew a one - out walk , stole second and scored on Merrifield 's single . Rougned Odor hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Rangers ' only run . Rougned Odor hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . The Rangers threatened in the seventh , putting runners on first and third with two outs before Luke Hochevar came in and retired pinch hitter Mitch Moreland on a line drive to center . The Rangers loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh , but Duffy struck out pinch-hitter Mitch Moreland to end the inning . Wade Davis worked the ninth for his 21st save in 23 opportunities .
CINCINNATI -- Anthony DeSclafani had a lot to do with it . DeSclafani gave up two runs and eight hits in eight innings , and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . DeSclafani ( 5 - 0 ) gave up eight hits and two runs with three strikeouts and no walks . Adonis Garcia led off the ninth with a homer off Ross Ohlendorf , but the Braves could n't hold on . Jose Peraza drove in two runs with a single in the sixth , and Tucker Barnhart added a two - run homer . Lucas Harrell ( 1 - 2 ) gave up seven hits and four runs with three walks and three strikeouts in six - plus innings . The Reds broke the game open with a four - run sixth . Jay Bruce led off with a single and scored on Jose Peraza 's two - run single . Barnhart 's two - run homer made it 4 - 2 . Votto 's two - run homer off Ian Krol made it 6 - 2 in the seventh . Freddie Freeman 's homer in the first inning was the only hit allowed by DeSclafani , who gave up eight hits and two runs with three strikeouts and no walks in eight innings . The Braves made it 2 - 0 in the fifth . Erick Aybar led off with a double , moved to third on Jace Peterson 's groundout and scored on Chase d'Arnaud 's two - out single . Anthony DeSclafani singled with one out in the fifth and Zack Cozart walked before Joey Votto flied out . Votto hit a two - run homer off Ian Krol in the seventh .
CINCINNATI -- The Atlanta Braves finally found a way to win . Ender Inciarte hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly in the 11th inning , and the Braves rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . The Braves won for only the second time in their last 11 road games . They 've won six of their last seven overall . The Reds scored twice in the ninth off Braves reliever Jim Johnson . Nick Markakis singled off Tony Cingrani ( 2 - 3 ) to start the 11th and advanced to third on Jeff Francoeur 's single to right . Markakis scored on Inciarte 's sacrifice fly . Mauricio Cabrera ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . The Reds tied it in the ninth off Jim Johnson . Eugenio Suarez led off with a single , moved to third on Ramon Cabrera 's double and scored on a groundout by Tucker Barnhart . Zack Cozart tied it with a single off Hunter Cervenka . Beckham 's homer off Michael Lorenzen in the seventh gave Atlanta a 4 - 2 lead . Reds starter Cody Reed gave up two unearned runs and five hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out five . Bruce gave the Reds a 2 - 0 lead in the first with his fourth homer of the season , a two - run shot that gave Atlanta a 2 - 0 lead . The Braves tied it in the second on a single by Markakis , an RBI single by Erick Aybar and a throwing error by shortstop Erick Aybar . The Braves loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth , but Tyrell Jenkins grounded out to end the threat .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Matt Shoemaker has been one of the few bright spots for the AL West leaders , and he has n't had a no-hitter . Shoemaker struck out a career-high 13 in a six - hitter , leading the Los Angeles Angels to a 1 - 0 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Friday night . Shoemaker ( 5 - 9 ) threw 115 pitches over his first shutout since June 12 , 2007 , when he was with the Los Angeles Dodgers . The right-hander did n't walk a batter and struck out Todd Frazier and Justin Morneau with runners at the corners to end the game . Shoemaker 's 13 strikeouts were the most by a major league pitcher this season . The White Sox threatened in the ninth when Adam Eaton led off with a double and advanced to third on Melky Cabrera 's one - out single . But Shoemaker struck out Todd Frazier and got Justin Morneau on a called third strike to end the game . James Shields ( 4 - 11 ) allowed one run and two hits over eight innings , struck out two and walked two . The right-hander , who had won his last three starts , was perfect through four innings before Yunel Escobar led off the first with a triple and scored on Mike Trout 's groundout . Shields was charged with one run and two hits over eight innings , struck out two and walked two . The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . The Angels opened the scoring in the first when Yunel Escobar led off with a triple and scored on Mike Trout 's groundout . The Angels ' best chance came in the third . Andrelton Simmons reached on shortstop Tim Anderson 's throwing error , then stole second and took third on shortstop Tim Anderson 's errant throw to the plate . The White Sox threatened in the sixth , putting runners on second and third with two outs , but Jose Abreu struck out to end the inning . The White Sox threatened in the sixth when Adam Eaton hit a two - out single , stole second and scored on Jose Abreu 's single .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- The New York Mets finally found a way to win . Wilmer Flores hit a go-ahead , three - run homer in the fifth inning and the Mets rallied from a four - run deficit to beat the Washington Nationals 9 - 7 on Tuesday night . The Mets won for the fourth time in five games and improved to a major league-best 43 - 19 at home . Flores hit a go-ahead , three - run homer in the fifth off Oliver Perez ( 2 - 2 ) , and Yoenis Cespedes and Neil Walker each had two hits and an RBI for New York . Wilmer Flores hit a three - run homer and Jose Reyes also connected for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Daniel Murphy hit a three - run homer and Bryce Harper also went deep for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Jeurys Familia pitched the ninth for his 31st save in as many chances . He walked Jayson Werth on four pitches to open the inning , then got Daniel Murphy to line into a double play and struck out Harper to end it . Wilmer Flores hit a go-ahead , three - run homer in the fifth for the Mets , who have won four of five . Daniel Murphy , Clint Robinson and Anthony Rendon homered for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . The Nationals took a 4 - 1 lead in the fourth against Bartolo Colon , who allowed six runs and 10 hits in 4 2/3 innings . Ben Revere led off the game with a triple and scored on Daniel Murphy 's single . The Mets tied it in the bottom half when Curtis Granderson walked , took second on a single by Walker and scored on a single by James Loney . Harper homered in the fourth , and Rendon followed with a shot to left .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Angels are starting to look like a team that has n't had a winning record since the All-Star break . C. J. Cron homered twice and drove in four runs , Yunel Escobar had three hits and drove in two runs , and the Angels beat the Tampa Bay Rays 13 - 5 on Wednesday night . The Angels , who have the best record in the majors , won for the fourth time in five games . Tampa Bay has lost four of its last five games . Simmons ' two - run double off Jake Odorizzi ( 3 - 4 ) gave the Angels a 6 - 5 lead in the sixth . Cron hit a three - run homer off Enny Romero in the ninth . Deolis Guerra ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Jake Odorizzi ( 3 - 4 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings for the loss . Steven Souza Jr. had an RBI single in the first for Tampa Bay , which took a 1 - 0 lead on Steven Souza Jr. 's RBI single and Corey Dickerson 's RBI single . Cron led off the second with his second homer of the season , and Daniel Nava and Johnny Giavotella followed with singles . Andrelton Simmons followed with an RBI single and Shane Robinson drove in a run with a groundout . Yunel Escobar made it 4 - 1 with a run-scoring single . Morrison and Dickerson had consecutive RBI singles in the third to cut Tampa Bay 's lead to 4 - 3 . Nick Franklin had a two - run single in the fifth to put Tampa Bay up 5 - 4 .
CLEVELAND -- The Cleveland Indians have been waiting all season to celebrate . Mike Napoli hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning , Mike Napoli added a two - run shot in the seventh and the Indians beat the Detroit Tigers 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Indians won for the 10th time in 12 games and moved within one game of first-place Detroit in the AL Central . Jeff Manship ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Danny Salazar allowed three runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . Napoli 's homer off Bruce Rondon ( 2 - 1 ) gave the Indians a 5 - 3 lead . Miguel Cabrera led off the eighth with a single and Victor Martinez walked before Nicholas Castellanos hit into a double play and Justin Upton flied out . Cody Allen worked the ninth for his 18th save in 20 chances . Mike Napoli doubled and scored on Carlos Santana 's single in the second off Tigers reliever Daniel Norris . Jose Ramirez followed with a double , but Norris struck out Yan Gomes and Juan Uribe and retired Abraham Almonte on a grounder . Steven Moya hit a leadoff homer in the fifth for the Tigers ' first run . The Indians added a run in the fifth on a single by Rajai Davis , a single by Kipnis and a sacrifice fly by Francisco Lindor . Salazar walked Justin Upton and Steven Moya singled to put runners on first and second with one out , but McCann struck out .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Philadelphia Phillies are on a roll . Odubel Herrera homered and drove in two runs to lead the Philadelphia Phillies to a 4 - 3 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Friday night . The NL East-leading Phillies won for the fifth time in six games . Jeremy Hellickson ( 6 - 6 ) gave up one run and five hits in six innings to earn his first win in five starts . Jeanmar Gomez pitched a perfect ninth for his 22nd save in 23 chances . Ian Kennedy ( 6 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out eight and walked three . Herrera led off the first with a homer to left . The Royals tied it in the second when Alcides Escobar doubled and scored on Cheslor Cuthbert 's single to right . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the third . Herrera walked , stole second and advanced to third on catcher Salvador Perez 's throwing error , then scored on Franco 's single to right . The Phillies went ahead 3 - 1 in the fifth when Peter Bourjos reached on a one - out single , stole second and scored on Asche 's double to right . The Phillies tacked on a run in the sixth off Chien-Ming Wang . Cesar Hernandez singled with one out and stole second . After pinch-hitter Jimmy Paredes struck out , Herrera singled to right to score Hernandez . Morales homered off David Hernandez in the eighth to cut it to 4 - 3 .
HOUSTON -- Carlos Gomez is starting to feel comfortable at the plate . Gomez hit his first home run of the season and the Houston Astros beat the Chicago White Sox 5 - 0 on Wednesday night for their fifth straight victory . Gomez hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning to help the Astros win for the fifth time in six games . Gomez 's homer was his fourth of the season and second in two games . Carlos Correa reached on an error by third baseman Tyler Saladino to start the seventh and scored on a one - out single by Colby Rasmus to make it 5 - 0 . George Springer singled with one out in the eighth before Valbuena 's double . Fiers ( 6 - 3 ) allowed four hits and struck out four in six shutout innings . Miguel Gonzalez ( 1 - 4 ) allowed three hits and three runs -- two earned -- with four strikeouts in seven innings . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when George Springer was hit by a pitch to start the inning . Luis Valbuena walked before Jose Altuve grounded into a double play . Springer scored on a single by Correa to make it 1 - 0 . Todd Frazier singled to start the second , but was thrown out at home on a fielder 's choice by Brett Lawrie . Luis Valbuena added an RBI double off Chris Beck in the eighth inning . Colby Rasmus added an RBI single to make it 5 - 0 . Brett Lawrie doubled with one out in the ninth and Alex Avila walked before Avisail Garcia grounded into a double play .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The New York Yankees finally found a way to win . Jacoby Ellsbury singled home the go-ahead run in the 10th inning and the Yankees beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Yankees won for the 10th time in 12 games and remained two games behind Boston in the AL wild-card race . Dellin Betances ( 3 - 4 ) pitched two perfect innings of relief for the win . Tyler Clippard walked Lorenzo Cain leading off the eighth and then allowed a single to Chase Headley . Joakim Soria ( 4 - 6 ) struck out Aaron Judge , then walked Brett Gardner to load the bases . Ellsbury , who had four hits , singled to right to score Hicks . The Royals loaded the bases with no outs in the 10th , but Ben Heller struck out Kendrys Morales and got Salvador Perez to fly out . The Royals loaded the bases with no outs in the 10th , but Ben Heller struck out Kendrys Morales and got Salvador Perez to fly out to center to end the game . Brian McCann led off the second with a single and Judge drove a 2 - 1 pitch into the Royals ' bullpen in left field for a 2 - 0 lead . Jacoby Ellsbury 's RBI double made it 3 - 0 . Chase Headley 's sacrifice fly made it 4 - 0 in the third . The Royals scored their first run in the third when Adalberto Mondesi singled with two outs and scored on Jarrod Dyson 's triple . Morales homered in the fourth to cut it to 4 - 2 . Jarrod Dyson led off the Royals sixth with a single off Adam Warren and scored on Cain 's double to right . Tyler Clippard came in and hit Kendrys Morales with a pitch to load the bases before Tyler Clippard came in and got Eric Hosmer to ground into a double play . The Royals tied it in the eighth on Morales ' sacrifice fly .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- The St. Louis Cardinals are making a habit of trying to stay in the playoff race . Stephen Piscotty scored the go-ahead run on a throwing error by second baseman Kolten Wong in the ninth inning , Kolten Wong homered and the Cardinals beat the Milwaukee Brewers 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Cardinals won for the seventh time in nine games and remained two games behind St. Louis for the second NL wild card . Miguel Socolovich ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Matt Bowman gave up a solo homer to Orlando Arcia in the seventh , then walked Martin Maldonado to put runners on first and third with one out . Knebel came on and struck out Tommy Pham , then walked Matt Carpenter to load the bases before striking out Jedd Gyorko . Tyler Thornburg ( 5 - 5 ) gave up a double to Greg Garcia to start the ninth and then walked Stephen Piscotty . Yadier Molina then hit a grounder to third baseman Kolten Wong , who threw to second for the second out . Piscotty scored the go-ahead run . Miguel Socolovich ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Seung Hwan Oh pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 18 chances . The Brewers scored three times in the seventh to take a 5 - 3 lead . Orlando Arcia hit a solo homer off Matt Bowman to cut the Brewers ' lead to 3 - 2 . Martin Maldonado walked and Domingo Santana singled off Kevin Siegrist . Tyler Cravy came on and got Brandon Moss to fly out to right , and Stephen Piscotty grounded out to end the inning . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Kolten Wong . Gyorko made it 2 - 0 in the fifth with his 21st home run of the season . The Brewers cut it to 2 - 1 in the sixth on Jonathan Villar 's double and Scooter Gennett 's RBI single .
DETROIT -- The Detroit Tigers had a chance to win the game . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit a tiebreaking two - run homer in the eighth inning , and the Tigers beat the Chicago White Sox 4 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight victory . The Tigers have won six of their last seven games . The White Sox trailed 3 - 2 when Tyler Saladino led off the seventh with a homer off Alex Wilson , but the White Sox could n't hold the lead . J. D. Martinez led off the bottom of the eighth with a walk , and after Justin Upton struck out , Saltalamacchia hit a 1 - 0 pitch from Nate Jones ( 5 - 3 ) over the wall in left-center for his 12th homer of the season . Justin Wilson ( 4 - 4 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win and Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth for his 37th save in 42 chances . Detroit 's James Shields allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Erick Aybar led off with a single , took third on Ian Kinsler 's single and scored on Miguel Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . The White Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth . Abreu led off with a single , and Justin Morneau reached on a fielder 's choice . Avisail Garcia singled , and Alex Avila singled to load the bases . Shields then struck out J. D. Martinez to end the threat . Upton led off the bottom of the sixth with a homer to tie it at 2 . The White Sox put runners at second and third with two outs in the seventh , but Wilson struck out Todd Frazier to end the threat .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Kevin Gausman was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Gausman struck out nine in seven shutout innings to lead the Baltimore Orioles to a 5 - 0 victory over the New York Yankees on Friday night . Gausman ( 6 - 10 ) gave up seven hits and did n't walk a batter for the second time in three starts this season . Steve Pearce homered and drove in three runs , and Manny Machado had three hits for the Orioles , who won for the fourth time in five games . CC Sabathia ( 8 - 11 ) gave up three runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The Yankees have lost four straight and six of seven . Pearce hit a leadoff homer in the sixth for the Orioles ' first hit off Sabathia , who struck out eight and walked two in 6 2/3 innings . Jonathan Schoop singled with one out in the seventh and Nolan Reimold singled with two outs before Kim walked to load the bases . Pearce followed with a two - run single off Adam Warren to make it 3 - 0 . Manny Machado led off the eighth with a single off Ben Heller and scored on Trumbo 's two - run homer off Ben Heller . Tommy Hunter pitched a scoreless eighth for Baltimore . The Yankees had runners on first and second with one out in the fourth , but Starlin Castro grounded into a fielder 's choice and Brian McCann struck out . Gary Sanchez led off the Yankees fourth with a single and Mark Teixeira followed with a single . Starlin Castro hit into a fielder 's choice , and McCann struck out .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have n't had a winning record since the All-Star break . Adrian Gonzalez hit a tiebreaking RBI grounder in the eighth inning , and the Dodgers beat the Chicago Cubs 1 - 0 on Wednesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Dodgers won for the fourth time in five games and moved two games ahead of St. Louis in the NL West after the Cubs lost 6 - 4 to the Chicago Cubs . The Dodgers had a runner on third with one out in the eighth when Cubs reliever Trevor Cahill ( 3 - 4 ) hit Andrew Toles with a pitch and was replaced by Carl Edwards Jr. . Cahill intentionally walked Corey Seager to load the bases . Joe Blanton ( 5 - 2 ) retired Addison Russell on a foul pop to shortstop Addison Russell to end the inning . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth for his 39th save in 42 chances . The Cubs have been shut out in three of their last four games . Cubs starter Jon Lester allowed three hits over six scoreless innings , striking out six and walking two . Chicago 's Jon Lester allowed three hits over six scoreless innings , struck out six and walked two . Jesse Chavez got two outs in the sixth for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Lester struck out six and walked two in six innings . Jesse Chavez got two outs in the sixth , and Grant Dayton got the last two outs of the inning . Grant Dayton got the final two outs of the inning . Lester struck out six and walked two in six innings . Jesse Chavez got two outs in the sixth , and Grant Dayton got the last two outs of the inning . Grant Dayton got the final two outs of the inning . Lester struck out six and walked two in six innings . Jesse Chavez got two outs in the sixth , and Grant Dayton got the last two outs of the inning . Grant Dayton got the final two outs of the inning . Lester struck out six and walked two . Jesse Chavez got two outs in the sixth , and Grant Dayton got the last two outs of the inning . Grant Dayton got the final two outs of the inning . Lester struck out six and walked two . Jesse Chavez got two outs in the sixth , and Grant Dayton got the last two outs of the inning . Grant Dayton got the final two outs of the inning . Lester struck out six and walked two . Jesse Chavez got two outs in the sixth , and Grant Dayton got the last two outs of the inning . Grant Dayton got the final two outs of the inning . Lester struck out six and walked two . Jesse Chavez got two outs in the sixth , and Grant Dayton got the last two outs of the inning . Grant Dayton got the final two outs of the inning . Lester struck out six and walked two . Jesse Chavez got two outs in the sixth , and Grant Dayton got the last two outs of the inning . Grant Dayton got the final two outs of the inning . Lester struck out six and walked two . Jesse Chavez got two outs in the sixth , and Grant Dayton got the last two outs of the inning . Grant Dayton got the final two outs of the inning . Lester struck out six and walked two . Jesse Chavez got two outs in the sixth , and Grant Dayton got the last two outs of the inning . Grant Dayton got the final two outs of the inning . Lester struck out six and walked two . Jesse Chavez got two outs in the sixth , and Grant Dayton got the last two outs of the inning . Grant Dayton got the final two outs of the inning . Lester struck out six and walked two . Jesse Chavez got two outs in the sixth , and Grant Dayton got the last two outs of the inning . Grant Dayton got the final two outs of the inning . Lester struck out six and walked two . Jesse Chavez got two outs in the sixth , and Grant Dayton got the last two outs of the inning . Grant Dayton got the final two outs of the inning . Lester struck out six and walked two . Jesse Chavez got two outs in the sixth , and Grant Dayton got the last two outs of the inning . Grant Dayton got the final two outs of the inning . Lester struck out six and walked two . Jesse Chavez got two outs in the sixth , and Grant Dayton got the last two outs of the inning . Grant Dayton got the final two outs of the inning . Lester struck out six and walked two . Jesse Chavez got two outs in the sixth , and Grant Dayton got the last two outs of the inning . Grant Dayton got the final two outs of the inning . Lester struck out six and walked two . Jesse Chavez got two outs in the sixth , and Grant Dayton got the last two outs of the inning . Grant Dayton got the final two outs of the inning . Lester struck out six and walked two . Jesse Chavez got two outs in the sixth , and Grant Dayton got the last two outs of the inning
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Mitch Moreland and the rest of the Texas Rangers ' lineup looked pretty good . Moreland hit his first career grand slam in a five - run first inning , and the Rangers beat the Cleveland Indians 7 - 0 on Tuesday night . Moreland 's homer was the first by a Rangers player in the first inning this season . Moreland 's homer was the first by a Rangers player in the first inning this season . It was Moreland 's fourth career grand slam and first this season . A. J. Griffin ( 6 - 3 ) allowed five hits over six innings , striking out six and walking one . Carlos Carrasco ( 9 - 7 ) gave up seven runs -- three earned -- and eight hits over four innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Rangers scored in the first when Ian Desmond singled , took second on Carlos Beltran 's single and scored when Rougned Odor hit a grounder to third baseman Adrian Beltre , who threw to second for the second out . Elvis Andrus had a two - run double in the third to make it 7 - 0 . Moreland 's homer was his fourth of the season and second in two games . Andrus had a two - run double in the third to make it 7 - 0 . Jose Ramirez hit a two - out triple in the sixth for Cleveland 's first hit , but Lonnie Chisenhall struck out to end the inning . The Indians were shut out for the sixth time this season , matching their total from the previous six games combined .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- Hernan Perez has been on a tear since coming off the disabled list . Perez homered twice and drove in four runs to lead the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 9 - 6 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Friday night . Polanco 's double off Blaine Boyer ( 1 - 3 ) scored Sean Rodriguez , who led off the sixth with a single , to give the Pirates a 9 - 6 lead . Perez 's second home run of the game gave the third baseman a standing ovation as he rounded the bases . Sean Rodriguez led off the sixth with a single off Blaine Boyer ( 1 - 3 ) and moved to third on Josh Bell 's double to right . Andrew McCutchen was intentionally walked to load the bases before Polanco 's double . Jeff Locke ( 9 - 7 ) pitched two innings for the win . Neftali Feliz pitched the ninth for his second save , getting Ryan Braun to ground out with runners on first and second to end it . The Pirates scored five runs in the fourth to take a 6 - 5 lead . Adam Frazier singled , Jordy Mercer walked and Eric Fryer walked to load the bases for John Jaso , who singled in a run and Josh Bell drove in a run with a groundout . Taillon intentionally walked Martin Maldonado to load the bases before striking out Jimmy Nelson to end the inning . The Pirates grabbed a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Josh Harrison led off with a single , stole third and scored on Starling Marte 's double . The Brewers answered with four runs in the bottom of the inning . Scooter Gennett singled with one out and Ryan Braun walked before Perez hit a three - run homer to left . Harrison followed with a two - run single to left , and McCutchen 's RBI single made it 6 - 5 .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are on their longest winning streak of the season . Pinch hitter Jason Heyward singled in the go-ahead run in the seventh inning and the Dodgers beat the Chicago Cubs 3 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Dodgers ' magic number for clinching the NL West remained at three . Urias ( 5 - 2 ) gave up one run and six hits in six innings , struck out eight and walked two . The left-hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.64 ERA in his last seven starts . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth for his 38th save in 41 chances . Jason Hammel ( 13 - 7 ) gave up three runs and five hits in 2 1/3 innings , struck out one and walked none . The Cubs scored in the first on Anthony Rizzo 's RBI single after Dexter Fowler walked and Kris Bryant singled . Seager tied it in the bottom of the first with his 21st homer , driving a 1 - 1 pitch into the lower seats in the left-field corner . The Dodgers took a 3 - 1 lead in the third on Utley 's RBI single and Justin Turner 's RBI single . The Dodgers extended their lead to 3 - 1 in the bottom of the inning . Andrew Toles led off with a double and scored on Utley 's single . Corey Seager hit a grounder to the right of the mound , but Yasmani Grandal 's throw to the plate was too late to get Utley . The Cubs closed to 3 - 2 in the seventh on pinch hitter Jason Heyward 's RBI single , but Adam Liberatore got Anthony Rizzo to ground out with the bases loaded to end the inning . The Cubs have lost six of their last seven games .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros have n't had a winning record since the All-Star break . Alex Bregman homered and drove in three runs to lead the Astros to a 6 - 2 win over the Tampa Bay Rays on Friday night . The Astros have won four of their last five games and have the best record in the American League . Dallas Keuchel ( 9 - 12 ) allowed nine hits and two runs with four strikeouts in seven innings . Blake Snell ( 4 - 7 ) allowed nine hits and five runs -- four earned -- with three strikeouts in three innings . Carlos Correa doubled to start the second and scored on a double by Gattis to make it 1 - 0 . Yuli Gurriel followed with a double to right field to score Gattis and put Houston up 2 - 0 . Bregman hit a two - run homer in the third to make it 4 - 0 . Marwin Gonzalez singled to start the bottom of the fourth and scored on a two - out single by Bregman to push the lead to 5 - 0 . Bobby Wilson hit a two - run homer in the fifth for Tampa Bay , which has lost four of five . Alex Bregman walked with no outs in the seventh inning before Carlos Correa grounded into a double play . Forsythe tripled with two outs before Kevin Kiermaier grounded out to end the inning . Chris Devenski pitched a scoreless ninth for Houston .
PHOENIX -- The Arizona Diamondbacks had a chance to win the game . Brandon Drury scored the winning run on a wild pitch by Blake Wood in the 11th inning to give the Diamondbacks a 4 - 3 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Wednesday night . The Diamondbacks won for the fourth time in five games . Brandon Drury doubled with one out in the ninth off Daniel Hudson and scored on Jose Peraza 's two - out single to right . Wood walked Tuffy Gosewisch and threw a wild pitch that allowed Drury to score the winning run . Edwin Escobar ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless 11th to get the win . The Reds tied it in the ninth against Daniel Hudson , who gave up a two - out single to pinch-hitter Ivan De Jesus Jr. and a single to Billy Hamilton . Reds starter Brandon Finnegan struck out 12 in six innings , allowing two runs and three hits . Reds starter Brandon Finnegan struck out 12 in six innings , allowing two runs and three hits . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Adam Duvall led off with a double , moved to third on Brandon Phillips ' sacrifice bunt and scored on Scott Schebler 's single . The Diamondbacks tied it in the bottom of the inning when Rickie Weeks Jr. tripled and scored on Drury 's two - out single . Weeks Jr. put Cincinnati up 2 - 1 in the fourth with his second home run of the season , a two - out shot to left . Weeks Jr. put the Diamondbacks up 2 - 1 with a two - out homer in the fourth .
TORONTO ( AP ) -- Jered Weaver was n't sure what to expect . Weaver pitched into the sixth inning and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Weaver ( 9 - 11 ) allowed two runs , one earned , and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out four . Mike Trout had three hits and four RBIs for the Angels , including a two - run single in a three - run sixth that gave the Angels a 6 - 2 lead . Trout 's two - out , two - run single off Joaquin Benoit in the seventh made it 6 - 2 . J. A. Happ ( 17 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out six . The Blue Jays opened the scoring in the second when B. J. Upton hit a one - out double and scored on Jose Bautista 's sacrifice fly . Donaldson hit a two - out homer to left in the fifth , his 18th . The Angels broke the deadlock with a four - run sixth . Kaleb Cowart doubled and Gregorio Petit walked , Kole Calhoun singled to load the bases for Trout , who tied it with a two - run single . Jose Valdez came on and walked Ezequiel Carrera to load the bases before Jose Valdez came on and got Darwin Barney on a groundout . Trout 's two - out , two - run single off Joaquin Benoit in the seventh made it 6 - 2 . Toronto cut it to 6 - 3 in the bottom of the ninth on Jose Bautista 's RBI double off Fernando Salas .
PHOENIX ( AP ) -- The Atlanta Braves found a way to win . Matt Kemp hit a go-ahead , two - run double in the eighth inning , Matt Kemp drove in three runs and the Braves beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Braves won for just the second time in their last 10 road games . Kemp 's two - run double off Dominic Leone in the ninth inning gave Atlanta a 6 - 4 lead . Kemp 's double off Jake Barrett ( 1 - 2 ) drove in Dansby Swanson , who led off the eighth with a single . Jake Lamb had two hits and drove in two runs for the Diamondbacks , who had won three of four . Jim Johnson pitched the ninth for his 11th save in 12 tries . Arizona starter Archie Bradley allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings , striking out seven and walking three . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Nick Markakis ' RBI single and Tyler Flowers ' RBI double . The Diamondbacks loaded the bases with two outs in the third on two walks and a single by Chris Owings , then Yasmany Tomas lined a two - run single to right to tie it at 2 . The Braves cut the lead to 4 - 3 in the fourth on a double by Garcia and a sacrifice fly by Kemp . Bradley allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings .
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are on a roll . Andrew Toles hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , leading the Dodgers to a 9 - 5 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Friday night . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven series , including a three - game sweep of the defending World Series champions . Kenta Maeda ( 13 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits in five innings , struck out four and walked four . Kenley Jansen got four outs for his 36th save in 38 attempts , giving up a solo homer to Denard Span in the ninth . Madison Bumgarner ( 12 - 8 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in five innings , struck out seven and walked one . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Corey Seager doubled with two outs and scored on Justin Turner 's single . Segedin made it 2 - 0 in the second with a leadoff homer to right field on a 1 - 1 pitch . The Giants tied it in the third on Angel Pagan 's RBI single and Buster Posey 's RBI single . The Dodgers regained the lead in the bottom of the third . Corey Seager singled with one out and took third on Justin Turner 's single . Seager scored on Adrian Gonzalez 's sacrifice fly . The Dodgers regained the lead in the fifth on Gonzalez 's two - run single . The Giants closed to 5 - 4 in the sixth on pinch hitter Ehire Adrianza 's RBI single off Jesse Chavez . Pinch hitter Chase Utley singled off Cory Gearrin leading off the sixth and scored on Toles ' double . Hernandez added an RBI single .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- The Baltimore Orioles have been waiting all season long enough to win the AL East . Mark Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning and the Orioles beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 3 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . It was the first time this season the Orioles won a game . Dylan Bundy ( 7 - 4 ) gave up two runs , three hits and four walks in six innings to earn his first win in five starts since May 30 . Zach Britton worked the ninth for his 38th save . Cole ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The Orioles took a 4 - 2 lead in the fourth when Manny Machado hit a leadoff double and scored on a double by Chris Davis . Trumbo followed with a two - run shot to left . Danny Espinosa led off the seventh with a homer off Mychal Givens . Daniel Murphy doubled off Donnie Hart to start the eighth and scored on a groundout by Wilson Ramos . After Anthony Rendon walked , Brad Brach struck out Ryan Zimmerman to end the threat . Washington got a first-inning run when Trea Turner drew a leadoff walk , stole second and scored on a single by Daniel Murphy . Schoop tied it in the bottom half with a drive into the left-field seats . Rendon led off the fourth with a drive to left , his fourth of the season and second in two nights . Rendon led off the fourth with a drive to right , his fourth of the season and second in two nights . It was the first home run allowed by Bundy , who allowed three hits and four walks in six innings .
PITTSBURGH -- Doug Fister has been one of the best pitchers in the majors . Fister allowed three hits over seven shutout innings and the Houston Astros beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Fister ( 12 - 8 ) struck out six and walked one while throwing 60 of his 92 pitches for strikes . Teoscar Hernandez hit a two - run homer in the fifth off Jameson Taillon ( 3 - 3 ) and Teoscar Hernandez added a two - run shot in the bottom of the inning to give the Astros a 2 - 0 lead . Alex Bregman added a solo homer in the ninth for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Taillon ( 3 - 3 ) gave up two runs and four hits in eight innings , striking out eight and walking one . Alex Bregman led off the bottom of the ninth with a home run off Pirates reliever Neftali Feliz to give the Astros a 3 - 0 lead . Ken Giles gave up an unearned run in the ninth but held on for his fourth save in seven opportunities . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games . Hernandez 's two - run homer in the fifth was the only hit allowed by Taillon , who struck out eight and walked one . The Pirates have lost four of five . The Astros won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 0 against the Pirates this season .
BALTIMORE -- The Houston Astros have been waiting all season long enough to win the AL West . Jason Castro hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning and finished with four RBIs , leading the Astros to a 12 - 2 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Friday night . The Astros had 14 hits and won for the fourth time in five games . Mike Fiers ( 9 - 6 ) gave up one run and five hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking one . Chris Tillman ( 15 - 5 ) gave up six runs and six hits in two - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked five and struck out none . The Orioles lost for the fourth time in five games . Bregman gave the Astros a 2 - 0 lead with a two - run drive in the first inning . The Astros made it 4 - 0 in the second . Teoscar Hernandez drew a leadoff walk and scored on a double by Jason Castro . George Springer drew a one - out walk and Altuve singled in a run before Carlos Correa grounded into a double play . The Astros made it 6 - 0 in the third . Evan Gattis was hit by a pitch and walked to start the inning . After a walk to AJ Hernandez , Tillman walked Jason Castro to force in Gattis and make it 5 - 0 . Houston made it 10 - 1 in the sixth on a double by Jose Altuve and an RBI single by Correa . Castro homered off Ryan Flaherty in the ninth and Alex Bregman added an RBI double .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Yoenis Cespedes is making a strong case to stay in the majors . Cespedes hit two home runs and drove in three runs , and the New York Mets beat the San Francisco Giants 9 - 5 on Tuesday night to snap a four - game losing streak . It was the second multihomer game of the season for Cespedes , who hit two homers in a game for the first time in his career . Alejandro De Aza hit a three - run shot in the sixth for the Mets , who won for the seventh time in nine games . Bartolo Colon ( 11 - 7 ) pitched 6 1/3 solid innings for his third win in four starts . He allowed two runs and nine hits , struck out five and walked one . Matt Moore ( 7 - 10 ) gave up three runs and five hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out three . Jose Reyes drew a leadoff walk in the third , advanced to second on a wild pitch and scored on Asdrubal Cabrera 's sacrifice fly to make it 2 - 0 . Cespedes followed with his 23rd home run of the season to put the Mets up 3 - 0 . Denard Span hit a solo homer in the third for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Joe Panik hit a leadoff triple in the fifth and scored on a groundout by Conor Gillaspie to make it 3 - 2 . De Aza added a three - run homer off Jake Peavy in the sixth to give the Mets a 7 - 2 lead . Brandon Belt drew a leadoff walk in the eighth off Hansel Robles and Brandon Crawford walked with one out . Addison Reed walked Pence to load the bases before Nunez lined a two - run double down the left-field line to make it 8 - 4 . Joe Panik followed with an RBI groundout to make it 8 - 5 , but pinch-hitter Trevor Brown flied out to end the inning . Flores singled home Walker in the ninth .
SEATTLE -- Felix Hernandez was n't going to let the game get away from him . Hernandez allowed two runs in eight innings to help the Seattle Mariners beat the Milwaukee Brewers 8 - 2 on Wednesday night . Hernandez ( 8 - 4 ) gave up two runs and seven hits , striking out eight and walking one . Mike Zunino and Leonys Martin hit back-to-back homers in the seventh inning for the Mariners , who have won four of five . Hernandez ( 8 - 4 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in eight innings , striking out eight and walking one . He retired the first 10 batters he faced before Martin Maldonado led off the eighth with a single . Maldonado advanced to second on a wild pitch and scored on Ryan Braun 's two - out double . Mike Zunino followed with a two - run double off Rob Scahill to make it 8 - 2 . The Mariners added a run in the fifth when Ketel Marte singled with one out and came around to score on Nori Aoki 's double . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Leonys Martin walked , stole second and advanced to third on a groundout by Ketel Marte . Aoki followed with an RBI single . The Mariners added a run in the fifth when Ketel Marte reached on a one - out single and scored on Aoki 's double . Zunino and Martin hit back-to-back homers in the seventh to give the Mariners a 4 - 0 lead . Peralta gave up four runs and eight hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out one . The Brewers scored twice in the eighth on an RBI double by Ryan Braun and a run-scoring single by Hernan Perez .
DENVER -- The Colorado Rockies had a chance to win the game . Ryan Raburn hit a tiebreaking double in the 11th inning , and the Rockies rallied to beat the Chicago Cubs 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . The Rockies won for the 10th time in 12 games and moved within one game of first-place Arizona in the NL West . Raburn 's one - out double off Aroldis Chapman ( 3 - 1 ) scored Nick Hundley , who reached on a one - out single . Chapman ( 3 - 1 ) was charged with two runs , one earned , and two hits in one - third of an inning . Matt Carasitny gave up a one - out single to Nick Hundley in the 11th but was replaced by Matt Carasitny . The Rockies loaded the bases with two outs in the 10th , but Rob Zastryzny , who was called up from Triple-A Iowa earlier in the day , lined a single to left to put runners on first and third . Rob Zastryzny , called up from Triple-A Iowa earlier in the day , got the first two outs of the inning before giving up a single to DJ LeMahieu and walking Arenado to load the bases . The Rockies scored three times in the bottom of the eighth to tie it at 5 . Cristhian Adames led off with a single and David Dahl walked before DJ LeMahieu doubled down the left-field line to make it 5 - 3 . Carlos Gonzalez drove in a run with a groundout , and Nolan Arenado 's sacrifice fly tied it . Russell hit a two - run homer in the sixth to give the Cubs a 5 - 1 lead . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a leadoff homer by David Dahl . The Cubs took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on Rizzo 's RBI single . The Cubs made it 3 - 1 in the fifth when Javier Baez drew a leadoff walk and scored on Kris Bryant 's single .
PHILADELPHIA -- Justin Turner is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Turner hit a tiebreaking , two - run homer in the seventh inning and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . The NL East-leading Phillies won for the eighth time in nine games and moved within a half-game of first-place Atlanta in the NL East . Turner hit a two - run homer in the seventh to give the Phillies a 5 - 4 lead . Freddy Galvis led off the bottom of the inning with a single off Grant Dayton ( 0 - 1 ) . Franco then drove a 1 - 1 pitch into the seats in right for his 21st homer and a 5 - 4 lead . It was Turner 's second homer in two games . Michael Mariot ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win . Jeanmar Gomez pitched a perfect ninth for his 32nd save in 38 chances . Justin Turner hit a three - run homer in the first for the Dodgers , who have lost five of six . Dodgers starter Ross Stripling allowed three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked two . Dodgers starter Ross Stripling gave up three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked two . Dodgers starter Ross Stripling allowed three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked two . Eickhoff gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- Ramon Cabrera is n't going to let a lot of things happen . Cabrera hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs , leading the Cincinnati Reds to a 5 - 4 victory over the Miami Marlins on Friday night . Cabrera hit a three - run homer in the second inning off Jose Fernandez ( 12 - 7 ) , who gave up seven hits and five runs with one walk and six strikeouts in four innings . Cabrera 's homer was his second in two games . Reds starter Dan Straily ( 9 - 6 ) gave up six hits and two runs with no walks and seven strikeouts in six innings . Raisel Iglesias pitched the ninth for his second save . Jose Fernandez ( 12 - 7 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in four innings . He struck out six and walked one . Brandon Phillips led off the Reds ' second with a single , moved to second on Scott Schebler 's one - out single and scored when Cabrera lined a 1 - 0 pitch into the left-field seats . The Reds made it 5 - 0 in the third . Billy Hamilton led off with a single , Joey Votto walked and Brandon Phillips hit a grounder to second baseman Brandon Phillips , who threw to second for the second out . Hamilton scored on the error , and Eugenio Suarez followed with an RBI double . The Reds made it 5 - 0 in the third . Billy Hamilton led off with a single , Joey Votto walked and Brandon Phillips hit a grounder to second baseman Brandon Phillips , who threw to second for the second out . Hamilton scored on the error , and Eugenio Suarez followed with an RBI double . Ozuna hit a two - run homer in the sixth for a 2 - 0 lead . The Marlins got two unearned runs in the seventh on Martin Prado 's two - out , two - run single off Blake Wood . Blake Wood struck out pinch-hitter Derek Dietrich for the final out .
CLEVELAND -- Corey Kluber is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Kluber won for the first time in more than a month and the Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 1 on Wednesday night . Kluber ( 13 - 8 ) allowed one run and seven hits in six innings , striking out seven and walking two . Justin Morneau hit a solo homer in the sixth for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Cody Allen pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in 24 chances . Jose Quintana ( 9 - 9 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . The left-hander is 0 - 3 with a 9.91 ERA in his last four starts . Justin Morneau hit his 21st homer in the sixth for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Matt Albers gave up a leadoff double to Roberto Perez in the seventh and was replaced by Dan Jennings . Perez advanced to third on Rajai Davis ' groundout and scored on Kipnis ' single off Dan Jennings . Napoli 's RBI single made it 2 - 0 in the third . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Jason Kipnis hit a one - out double and scored on Francisco Lindor 's double . The Indians made it 2 - 0 in the third . Rajai Davis walked , stole second and scored on Napoli 's two - out single . Morneau led off the second with a single and stole second . After Todd Frazier struck out , Tim Anderson doubled to left , but Omar Narvaez struck out .
TORONTO -- Russell Martin was n't sure he 'd ever hit a home run . Martin hit a three - run shot to lead the Toronto Blue Jays to a 4 - 2 victory over the Houston Astros on Friday night . Martin hit a two - out , three - run homer off James Hoyt in the sixth to give the Blue Jays a 4 - 2 lead . It was his fourth of the season and second in two days . Martin is hitting .228 ( 11 - for - 22 ) with three homers and eight RBIs in his past six games . Aaron Sanchez ( 12 - 2 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings to win for the first time in four starts . Roberto Osuna worked the ninth for his 26th save in 28 chances . Collin McHugh ( 7 - 10 ) allowed three runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings , walked two and struck out six . Carlos Correa gave the Astros a 2 - 0 lead with a two - run double in the first . Donaldson hit a one - out homer to left in the bottom of the first , his 18th . Donaldson hit a one - out homer to left in the bottom of the first , his 18th . The Blue Jays cut it to 2 - 1 in the sixth when Martin hit a three - run homer off James Hoyt . Jason Grilli worked the eighth and Jason Grilli closed it out in the eighth .
NEW YORK -- The New York Mets finally found a way to win . Wilmer Flores drove in the winning run with a fielder 's choice grounder in the 11th inning , and New York beat the San Diego Padres 3 - 2 on Tuesday night for its fifth straight victory . The Mets won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . Neil Walker led off the bottom of the 11th with a single against Brandon Maurer ( 0 - 3 ) and moved to third on James Loney 's single to right . Walker scored on Flores ' grounder to third . Walker opened the 11th with a single off Maurer ( 0 - 3 ) and advanced to third on James Loney 's hit-and-run single . Gabriel Ynoa ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 11th for the win . Wil Myers hit a tying homer with two outs in the ninth off Mets closer Jeurys Familia , who struck out pinch hitter Adam Rosales with a runner on second to end the game . Wilmer Flores led off the seventh with a single off Jose Dominguez . Alejandro De Aza walked and d'Arnaud sacrificed the runners to second and third before Johnson 's sacrifice fly made it 2 - 1 . San Diego starter Jarred Cosart gave up one run and three hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked two . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Jose Reyes drew a leadoff walk and went to third on catcher Christian Bethancourt 's wild pickoff throw . Reyes advanced to third on catcher Christian Bethancourt 's wild pickoff throw and scored on Neil Walker 's single . Solarte tied it with a two - out homer in the seventh . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Jose Reyes drew a leadoff walk and advanced to third on catcher Christian Bethancourt 's wild pickoff throw . Reyes advanced to third on catcher Christian Bethancourt 's wild pickoff throw and scored on Neil Walker 's single . Jose Reyes drew a leadoff walk in the bottom of the first , advanced to third on catcher Christian Bethancourt 's wild pickoff throw and scored on Neil Walker 's single .
CLEVELAND -- The Cleveland Indians have been waiting all season to win . Mike Napoli hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs , and the Indians beat the Los Angeles Angels 14 - 4 on Wednesday night for their fifth straight win . The Indians have won six of their last seven games . Mike Napoli hit a three - run homer and Jose Ramirez added a solo shot in the fifth for the Indians , who have won four of five . Kluber ( 12 - 8 ) allowed three runs and four hits over six innings . He struck out three and walked two . Jhoulys Chacin ( 3 - 8 ) gave up seven runs and six hits over 1 1/3 innings in his shortest outing of the season . The right-hander was 3 - 0 in his previous four starts . Mike Trout gave the Angels a 1 - 0 lead in the first with his 23rd homer , but the Angels did n't get another runner past first base until the fifth . Carlos Santana and Jose Ramirez homered for the Indians , who have won four of five . Chacin ( 3 - 8 ) was charged with seven runs and six hits in 1 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The right-hander walked three and struck out none . The Indians scored three runs in the second . Jason Kipnis drew a one - out walk , stole second and scored on Francisco Lindor 's single . Napoli followed with an RBI double off Jose Alvarez . Napoli led off the fourth with a double and scored on Lonnie Chisenhall 's double . Abraham Almonte 's RBI double made it 10 - 2 . Jefry Marte and Jett Bandy hit consecutive singles to start the fifth for the Angels , but Cliff Pennington grounded into a double play .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Danny Duffy did n't have his best stuff . Duffy pitched a seven - hitter for his fourth complete game of the season and the Kansas City Royals beat the Chicago White Sox 2 - 1 on Wednesday night . Duffy ( 9 - 1 ) struck out six and walked none while throwing 71 of his 98 pitches for strikes . He threw 71 of his 98 pitches for strikes and did n't walk a batter for the fourth time in his last four starts . Duffy did n't allow a hit until Jose Abreu led off the ninth with a line drive to deep center . Carson Fulmer ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing two runs on three hits and a walk in three innings . The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . Jason Coats had an RBI single in the second for the White Sox , who have lost five of six . Jarrod Dyson drew a leadoff walk in the sixth and scored on Cheslor Cuthbert 's one - out triple to right . Eric Hosmer followed with an RBI single . Carson Fulmer ( 0 - 2 ) gave up two runs on three hits and a walk in three innings . The Royals scored two runs in the sixth to take a 2 - 1 lead . Jarrod Dyson drew a leadoff walk , took second on Paulo Orlando 's groundout and scored on Cheslor Cuthbert 's triple to center . Eric Hosmer followed with a single to left to score Cuthbert . The White Sox have scored two runs or fewer in 10 of their last 12 games . The Royals , who have the worst record in the American League , have won seven of their last 10 games . They have won six of their last seven overall .
PITTSBURGH -- Edwin Jackson was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Jackson struck out seven in seven shutout innings and the San Diego Padres beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 4 - 0 on Wednesday night . Jackson ( 3 - 2 ) gave up two hits and three walks while throwing 64 of his 103 pitches for strikes . He has allowed two or fewer runs in each of his last six starts . The Padres , who have the majors ' worst record , have won six of their last seven games . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games . Ryan Vogelsong ( 1 - 2 ) gave up two unearned runs and three hits in six innings , striking out five and walking one . The Padres scored two unearned runs in the second . Jabari Blash doubled with one out and scored on Christian Bethancourt 's single to center . Bethancourt later scored on a throwing error by Vogelsong . The Padres added a run in the seventh when Ryan Schimpf doubled and scored on Alexei Ramirez 's two - out single off Juan Nicasio . Travis Jankowski led off the eighth with a double but was stranded at third when Antonio Bastardo retired Alex Dickerson to end the inning . The Pirates did n't get a runner to second base until the seventh , when Andrew McCutchen led off with a single and advanced to second on a wild pitch . But Jackson struck out David Freese and got Jung Ho Kang to line out to third to end the threat . The Pirates were shut out for the sixth time this season and second time in three games . The Padres , who have the worst record in the majors , have won six of their last seven games . The Padres have won six of their last seven games .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Ross Detwiler is making a strong bid for his first major league win . Detwiler pitched eight shutout innings for his first win of the season , and the Oakland Athletics beat the Baltimore Orioles 1 - 0 on Friday night . Detwiler ( 1 - 0 ) allowed six hits , struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . John Axford pitched the ninth for his second save . Yovani Gallardo ( 4 - 4 ) gave up one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Orioles have been shut out in three of their last four games . Marcus Semien hit a two - out double in the third and scored on Alonso 's double to the gap in left-center . Manny Machado led off the fourth with a single but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Jonathan Schoop singled with two outs and Chris Davis singled before Matt Wieters lined out to second to end the inning . The A 's won their second straight following a four - game losing streak . The Orioles have been shut out in three of their last four games . The A 's won for the fourth time in five games following a five - game losing streak . The Orioles had runners on first and second with two outs in the fourth when Manny Machado lined out to second . Jonathan Schoop and Chris Davis singled before Matt Wieters lined out to end the inning .
BOSTON -- Rick Porcello is making the most of his opportunity . Porcello won his fourth straight start and the Boston Red Sox beat the New York Yankees 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Porcello ( 15 - 3 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in eight innings , striking out six and walking one . Craig Kimbrel gave up a run in the ninth before Matt Barnes struck out Mark Teixeira with the bases loaded for his first save . Matt Barnes got the final out for his first save . Luis Severino ( 1 - 7 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . The Red Sox broke a 2-all tie with a pair of runs in the fifth . Sandy Leon led off with a triple and scored on Andrew Benintendi 's double . Pedroia then doubled in Benintendi and scored on Ortiz 's single off Tommy Layne . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Starlin Castro led off with a double and scored on Chase Headley 's one - out double . The Yankees made it 2 - 0 in the third when Brett Gardner led off with a double and scored on Brian McCann 's two - out single . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom of the third on a single by Andrew Benintendi , a double by Mookie Betts and a two - run double by Dustin Pedroia . The Red Sox made it 5 - 2 in the fifth . Sandy Leon led off with a triple and scored on Andrew Benintendi 's double . Pedroia 's double made it 4 - 2 , and Ortiz chased Severino with an RBI single . The Yankees loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh on a double by Chase Headley , an error by third baseman Travis Shaw and a double by Brett Gardner . But Ellsbury lined out to end the inning .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are going to make a run at the playoffs . Howie Kendrick hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , and Los Angeles beat the Philadelphia Phillies 9 - 3 on Tuesday night for its fifth straight victory . The Dodgers ' magic number for clinching the NL West remained at three . Kenta Maeda ( 11 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits in five innings , struck out four and walked two . The right-hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in his last four starts . Vince Velasquez ( 8 - 4 ) gave up nine runs and 11 hits in 4 2/3 innings , struck out six and walked two . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . Aaron Altherr hit a two - run homer in the second for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . The Dodgers scored four runs in the second on Kendrick 's two - run homer and Corey Seager 's RBI single . Grandal hit a two - run homer in the third to make it 6 - 2 . Freddy Galvis hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Freddy Galvis hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Kendrick added an RBI double off Luis Garcia in the fifth .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- Martin Maldonado had no idea what he saw . Maldonado hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly in the 12th inning , lifting the Atlanta Braves to a 4 - 3 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Wednesday night . The Braves won for just the second time in their last 10 games at Miller Park . Matt Kemp led off the 12th with a walk against Carlos Torres ( 2 - 2 ) and went to third on Nick Markakis ' double . Adonis Garcia was intentionally walked to load the bases and Gordon Beckham hit a fly ball to center that Keon Broxton bobbled , allowing Kemp to score the go-ahead run . Brandon Cunniff ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Jim Johnson pitched the 12th for his ninth save in 12 chances . Brewers manager Ron Roenicke said he was n't worried . The Brewers tied it at 3 in the fifth on a two - run homer by Martin Maldonado . Rob Whalen gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Markakis put the Braves up 1 - 0 in the second with his ninth home run of the season . The Brewers tied it in the bottom of the inning on a two - out RBI single by Keon Broxton . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth . Freddie Freeman doubled and scored on Matt Kemp 's single to give the Braves a 2 - 1 lead . The Brewers tied it in the fifth on a walk to Chris Carter and a two - run homer by Maldonado . The Brewers tied it in the fifth when Chris Carter walked , took third on a wild pitch and scored on Maldonado 's two - run homer .
DETROIT -- The New York Mets are on their longest winning streak of the season . Neil Walker hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning , and the Mets beat the Detroit Tigers 3 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight victory . The Mets have won six of their last seven games . Conforto hit a solo homer in the seventh inning to give the Mets a 1 - 0 lead . Alejandro De Aza was hit by Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) leading off the ninth , and Walker followed with his 21st homer . Addison Reed ( 3 - 2 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win , and Jeurys Familia pitched the ninth for his 39th save in 44 chances . The Tigers had a chance to tie the game in the ninth , but Familia struck out pinch-hitter Jarrod Saltalamacchia to start the inning . Michael Conforto hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Mets , who have lost four of five . deGrom gave up one run and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings , walking two and striking out three . He was replaced by Jerry Blevins after giving up a one - out single to Justin Upton in the seventh . deGrom gave up one run and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Tigers had runners on first and third with two outs in the third , but Miguel Cabrera grounded out to end the inning . The Tigers had runners on first and third with two outs in the third , but Miguel Cabrera grounded out .
CHICAGO -- Manny Machado was n't sure if he 'd ever hit three home runs in a game . Machado hit three home runs and drove in a career-high seven runs , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Chicago White Sox 10 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Machado 's three - run shot in the second inning off James Shields ( 5 - 14 ) was his first three - homer game since July 30 , 2007 , when he was with the New York Yankees . He also hit three in a game against the White Sox on July 25 , 2006 . Machado has been one of the few bright spots for the three - time All-Star , who is hitting .307 with three homers and seven RBIs in his last six games . Machado , who had three homers and seven RBIs in the series opener , hit a two - run shot in the third off Matt Albers to make it 10 - 0 . Dylan Bundy ( 5 - 3 ) gave up two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked one . James Shields ( 5 - 14 ) gave up eight runs and six hits in 1 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . Hardy and Davis hit solo shots in the second inning , and Machado 's three - run shot in the third made it 8 - 0 . Machado added a two - run homer in the third off Matt Albers . Jose Abreu added a solo homer in the sixth for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Jose Abreu hit a solo homer in the sixth for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Ubaldo Jimenez struck out three in three perfect innings for his first save .
DENVER -- Charlie Blackmon had a big night at the plate . Blackmon had four hits , including a homer , and drove in four runs to lead the Colorado Rockies to a 12 - 6 win over the Miami Marlins on Friday night . Blackmon had a triple and a triple in his first four - hit game of the season . Blackmon had four hits and drove in four runs , including an RBI double in a six - run sixth that gave the Rockies a 6 - 3 lead . Chad Bettis ( 10 - 6 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . Andrew Cashner ( 4 - 8 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Rockies broke the game open with a five - run sixth against Mike Dunn . Cristhian Adames led off with a single and scored on Charlie Blackmon 's triple to right-center . DJ LeMahieu followed with an RBI single , and Mike Dunn came in and walked Nolan Arenado to load the bases . Descalso scored on Ryan Raburn 's pinch-hit single , and Ryan Raburn added an RBI single to make it 12 - 3 . The Marlins took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Dee Gordon tripled and scored on Martin Prado 's single . Christian Yelich singled to put runners at first and third , and Prado scored when Giancarlo Stanton grounded into a fielder 's choice . Blackmon led off the bottom of the first with his 10th homer of the season to make it 2 - 1 . The Rockies tied it in the bottom of the inning when Dahl tripled to lead off the inning and scored on a groundout by Descalso . The Marlins regained the lead in the fifth when Stanton homered for the second straight game .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- The Tampa Bay Rays are starting to feel good about themselves . Logan Forsythe hit a tiebreaking homer in the seventh inning , and the Rays beat the Minnesota Twins 7 - 3 on Sunday to complete a three - game sweep . The Rays have won six of their last seven games . Archer ( 6 - 15 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Jorge Polanco hit a two - run single in the ninth off Dylan Floro , and Alex Colome got the final two outs for his 27th save in 29 opportunities . Jose Berrios ( 2 - 2 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . Brad Miller put Tampa Bay ahead 1 - 0 with an RBI single in the first . Longoria put the Rays up 2 - 0 on a third-inning solo homer off Jose Berrios ( 2 - 2 ) , who gave up four runs and six hits in five - plus innings . Wilson gave the Rays a 3 - 0 lead with a solo homer in the fifth . The Twins got a run back in the sixth when Kurt Suzuki drew a leadoff walk , took third on a double by Brian Dozier and scored on Joe Mauer 's groundout . Max Kepler walked , but Miguel Sano struck out to end the inning . Tampa Bay went up 5 - 1 in the sixth on an RBI groundout by Nick Franklin and a wild pitch by Michael Tonkin . The Rays added an unearned run off Michael Tonkin in the eighth . Steven Souza Jr. hit a one - out single and Tim Beckham reached on an error by second baseman Brian Dozier . Wilson then singled to center , scoring Souza .
SEATTLE -- Felix Hernandez was n't going to let the game get away from him . Hernandez allowed three hits in eight innings , and the Seattle Mariners beat the Los Angeles Angels 6 - 4 on Wednesday night . Mike Zunino hit a three - run homer in Seattle 's six - run first inning , and Mike Zunino added a three - run shot as the Mariners took two of three from the Angels . Hernandez ( 6 - 4 ) gave up four runs and three hits , struck out six and walked three . Edwin Diaz struck out the side in the ninth for his third save in as many chances . Tim Lincecum ( 2 - 6 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings . The Angels jumped on Hernandez for three runs in the first inning . Yunel Escobar led off with a double , Kole Calhoun walked and Trout drove a 1 - 1 pitch into the left-field seats . The Mariners answered with six runs in the bottom of the first . Robinson Cano and Adam Lind had RBI singles and Zunino hit a three - run homer to cap the six - run inning . Lincecum ( 2 - 6 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out one . The Angels ' Jett Bandy hit his first major league home run leading off the fifth to cut Seattle 's lead to 6 - 4 . It was the first home run allowed by Hernandez this season . Jett Bandy cut the Angels ' lead to 6 - 4 in the fifth with his first home run of the season , a solo shot to left . The Angels got a run back in the bottom of the first on Yunel Escobar 's leadoff double and Kole Calhoun 's walk . Trout drove a 1 - 1 pitch into the seats in left field for his eighth homer .
DETROIT -- Justin Verlander did n't have his best stuff . Verlander struck out nine in six innings , and the Detroit Tigers beat the New York Mets 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 12 - 6 ) allowed two runs and four hits . He walked one and struck out nine . Kelly Johnson hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Mets , who have won four of five . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth for his 31st save in 33 chances . Syndergaard ( 9 - 6 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Ian Kinsler singled , stole second and third and scored on Miguel Cabrera 's groundout . The Mets took a 2 - 1 lead on Kelly Johnson 's two - run homer in the fourth . Miguel Cabrera led off the bottom of the fourth with a single , and Martinez followed with a two - run homer to left . J. D. Martinez doubled and Nick Castellanos walked before Justin Upton grounded into a double play . James McCann 's RBI single made it 4 - 2 . The Mets made it 4 - 2 in the sixth on James Loney 's RBI single . Neil Walker led off the ninth with a single , moved to second on a wild pitch and scored on James Loney 's groundout .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Jay Bruce has been on quite a roll . Bruce hit a three - run homer and the New York Mets beat the New York Yankees 4 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight victory . Bruce hit a three - run shot in the fifth inning , and the Mets won for the 10th time in 13 games . Bruce has been on a tear since returning from the disabled list on July 22 . Johnson hit a leadoff homer in the fifth off Nathan Eovaldi ( 9 - 8 ) , who gave up four runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . Bartolo Colon ( 10 - 6 ) gave up one run and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . Jeurys Familia pitched the ninth for his 38th save in 40 chances , getting Rob Refsnyder to ground into a game-ending double play . Nathan Eovaldi ( 9 - 8 ) gave up four runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked two . New York has lost four of five . Aaron Hicks hit a two - out RBI single off Jerry Blevins in the seventh to cut it to 4 - 1 , but Brett Gardner grounded out with the bases loaded to end the inning . The Yankees had runners on first and second with no outs in the second , but Rob Refsnyder lined out to third to end the inning . Aaron Hicks had an RBI single in the seventh off Jerry Blevins .
SEATTLE -- Mookie Betts was n't sure what to expect when he came to the plate . Betts hit a tiebreaking single in the 11th inning , and the Boston Red Sox beat the Seattle Mariners 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Red Sox won for just the second time in eight games . Travis Shaw led off the 11th with a single off Seattle reliever Cody Martin ( 1 - 2 ) and advanced on Sandy Leon 's sacrifice bunt . Holt then lined a single to center , scoring Shaw . Betts was thrown out at home trying to score on the play . Brad Ziegler pitched the 11th for his 21st save in 23 opportunities . The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . Mike Zunino drew a leadoff walk in the 11th and advanced to second on Leonys Martin 's sacrifice bunt . Craig Kimbrel ( 2 - 3 ) pitched 1 1/3 perfect innings for the win . Fernando Abad got the final two outs of the ninth . The Mariners took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth when O'Malley led off with a home run . Guillermo Heredia followed with a single , moved to second on Franklin Gutierrez 's groundout and scored on Lee 's single to center . Seattle starter Ariel Miranda gave up two runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Mariners took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth when O'Malley led off with a home run . Guillermo Heredia followed with a single and moved to third on Franklin Gutierrez 's groundout . Nelson Cruz was walked intentionally to bring up Lee , who singled to right to score Heredia .
HOUSTON -- J. A. Happ did n't have his best stuff . Happ allowed four hits and struck out six in six innings to lead the Toronto Blue Jays to a 4 - 1 win over the Houston Astros on Friday night . Happ ( 15 - 3 ) allowed four hits and one run in six innings to become the major leagues ' first 15-game winner . The Blue Jays won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 15 - 1 when Happ starts . Roberto Osuna pitched the ninth for his 24th save . Mike Fiers ( 7 - 5 ) allowed five hits and two runs with seven strikeouts in six innings for the loss . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Devon Travis doubled and scored on a groundout by Josh Donaldson . The Blue Jays did n't get another hit until Russell Martin singled to start the fifth . Martin singled to start the inning before advancing to third on a wild pitch . Tyler White hit a two - out double to left field to cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the fifth inning . George Springer drew a leadoff walk in the sixth before Bregman 's single , but Carlos Correa grounded into a double play to end the inning . Justin Smoak led off the eighth with a double off Will Harris and scored on a single by Devon Travis to push the lead to 3 - 1 . Jason Grilli pitched a scoreless eighth for Toronto .
NEW YORK -- The New York Mets finally broke out of their offensive doldrums . Pinch-hitter Yoenis Cespedes hit a tiebreaking grounder in the seventh inning , and the Mets beat the New York Yankees 7 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Mets won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 6 - 1 on their 10-game homestand . Alejandro De Aza hit a two - run homer in the third off Tanaka ( 7 - 4 ) , and Neil Walker added an RBI double for New York , which has won four of five . deGrom ( 7 - 5 ) gave up four hits and struck out eight in seven shutout innings . Michael Conforto , Michael Conforto and Neil Walker each had an RBI single in the seventh for New York , which has won four of five . deGrom ( 7 - 5 ) struck out eight and walked one , improving to 5 - 0 in his last seven starts . Jacoby Ellsbury singled with two outs in the eighth for New York 's first hit and Mark Teixeira walked before Brian McCann struck out to end the inning . Didi Gregorius hit a leadoff homer in the ninth for New York . Tanaka ( 7 - 4 ) gave up seven runs -- six earned -- and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out four and walked none . De Aza put New York ahead with a two - run homer in the third off Tanaka . d'Arnaud led off the fifth with a drive into the left-field seats for his first homer since June 20 . d'Arnaud connected on the first pitch of the fifth , hitting a drive into the left-field seats for his first home run since last September . He also had a two - run shot in the same game for the first time in his big league career . De Aza added a two - run homer in the fifth , and d'Arnaud connected for his first of the season leading off the fifth . It was the first home run allowed by Tanaka in four starts this season . De Aza added a two - run shot in the fifth for New York , which won for only the second time in eight games . The Mets have won seven of eight overall . d'Arnaud led off the fifth with a drive to right for his first home run since June 30 , 2007 , for the New York Mets against the New York Mets . He also had a two - run shot in the same game for the first time in his big league career . De Aza added a two - run homer in the fifth , and d'Arnaud connected leading off the fifth for a 3 - 0 lead . It was the Mets ' first homer since they hit two against the Mets on June 6 . d'Arnaud connected in the fifth for his fourth of the season and second in two days . He also had a solo shot in the fifth . De Aza hit a two - run homer in the fifth for New York , which has won four of five . De Aza hit a two - run homer in the fifth for New York , which has won four of five following a five - game losing streak . Tanaka ( 7 - 4 ) gave up seven runs -- six earned -- and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings .
SEATTLE -- Robinson Cano has been one of the few bright spots this season . Cano hit a go-ahead three - run homer in the eighth inning and the Seattle Mariners rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night . It was the first time this season the Mariners won a series against the Red Sox . Cano 's homer off Fernando Abad ( 1 - 5 ) gave Seattle a 5 - 4 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Price this season . Cano has been one of the most consistent hitters in the American League , hitting .303 with three home runs and six RBIs . Zunino 's homer leading off the eighth was the first of his career . Robinson Cano hit a three - run homer for the Mariners , who took two of three from Boston . Robinson Cano hit a three - run homer for the Mariners , who won for the seventh time in eight games against the Red Sox this season . Robinson Cano hit a three - run homer for the Mariners , who won for the fourth time in five games against the Red Sox this season . Robinson Cano hit a three - run homer for the Mariners , who won for the seventh time in eight games against the Red Sox . Robinson Cano hit a three - run homer for the Mariners , who won for the fourth time in five games against the Red Sox this season . Robinson Cano hit a three - run homer for the Mariners , who won for the fourth time in five games against the Red Sox this season . Robinson Cano hit a three - run homer for the Mariners , who won for the fourth time in five games against the Red Sox this season . Robinson Cano hit a three - run homer for the Mariners , who won for the fourth time in five games against the Red Sox this season . Robinson Cano hit a three - run homer for the Mariners , who have won six of their last seven against the Red Sox . Robinson Cano hit a three - run homer for the Mariners , who have won six of their last seven against the Red Sox . Robinson Cano hit a three - run homer for the Mariners , who have won six of their last seven against Boston . Robinson Cano hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs for the Mariners , who won for just the second time in eight games against the Red Sox this season . Robinson Cano hit a three - run homer for the Mariners , who won for the fourth time in five games against Boston this season . Robinson Cano hit a three - run homer for the Mariners , who have won six of their last seven against Boston . Cano 's homer was his first in Seattle 's last at-bat against Boston this season . He also had a two - run double in the 10th inning of Boston 's 5 - 4 win over the Red Sox on Tuesday night . Cano 's RBI single in the eighth gave Seattle a 5 - 4 lead .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- The Cincinnati Reds found a way to win . Scott Schebler hit a three - run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning and the Reds beat the St. Louis Cardinals 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Reds won for the fourth time in five games and moved a half-game ahead of St. Louis in the NL Central . Brandon Moss hit a tying homer off Blake Wood in the eighth inning , and Tommy Pham added a pinch-hit homer in the eighth . Schebler connected for a three - run homer off Seunghwan Oh ( 2 - 2 ) , who gave up three runs and three hits in 1 1/3 innings . Jumbo Diaz ( 1 - 1 ) pitched the ninth for the win . Jedd Gyorko hit a solo homer off Ross Ohlendorf in the seventh for the Cardinals , who have lost four of their last five games . Adam Duvall hit a two - run homer in the seventh off Kevin Siegrist , and Jedd Gyorko also went deep for the Reds . Brandon Moss tied it with a solo homer off Blake Wood in the eighth , and Tommy Pham hit a solo shot off Blake Wood in the eighth . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Billy Hamilton drew a leadoff walk , stole second , moved to third on a groundout and scored on Votto 's double . The Cardinals tied it in the third on Wainwright 's first homer of the season . Moss led off the sixth with a double and scored on Jhonny Peralta 's two - out double .
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- The Seattle Mariners are making a push for a playoff spot . Mike Zunino hit a tiebreaking home run in the seventh inning and the Mariners beat the Oakland Athletics 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Mariners have won six of their last seven games , including three of their last four games . Zunino 's homer leading off the seventh against Liam Hendriks ( 0 - 4 ) gave the Mariners a 2 - 1 lead . Steve Cishek ( 4 - 6 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings to pick up the win . Dan Altavilla gave up a leadoff single to Danny Valencia in the seventh but got Max Muncy to ground into an inning-ending double play . Edwin Diaz gave up a run in the ninth but held on for his 18th save in 20 opportunities . He struck out Max Muncy with runners on second and third to end the game . Zunino 's homer came on a 2 - 2 pitch from Liam Hendriks ( 0 - 4 ) and gave the Mariners a 2 - 1 lead . Ketel Marte followed with an RBI single , and Nelson Cruz was thrown out at the plate trying to score from third on Robinson Cano 's fly to right . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth . Kyle Seager singled with two outs and Adam Lind followed with a single to right . Leonys Martin followed with an RBI single to right . The A 's scored their only run in the sixth on a leadoff homer by Chad Pinder . Martin singled off Ryan Madson with two outs in the eighth and Mike Zunino walked before Marte lined a single to right . Ben Gamel replaced Ben Gamel in right field . Oakland starter Kendall Graveman allowed one run and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Oakland starter Kendall Graveman gave up one run and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- The Atlanta Braves are making the most of their chances . Rio Ruiz drove in two runs with a double in Atlanta 's four - run eighth inning and the Braves beat the Philadelphia Phillies 5 - 2 on Wednesday night . The Braves won for the 10th time in 12 games and moved two games ahead of St. Louis in the NL wild-card race . The Braves beat the New York Mets 4 - 3 in 10 innings . Dansby Swanson led off the sixth with a homer off Colton Murray to tie the game at 1 . Gomez ( 3 - 5 ) gave up a leadoff walk to Dansby Swanson and struck out Freddie Freeman before giving up a double to Matt Kemp . After an intentional walk to Nick Markakis , Gomez hit Anthony Recker with a pitch to load the bases . Mauricio Cabrera ( 5 - 1 ) recorded the final out of the eighth for the win . The Phillies scored a run in the ninth off Braves closer Jim Johnson . A. J. Ellis singled with two outs and scored on Aaron Altherr 's single . The Phillies , who have lost five of six , have lost five of six . Dansby Swanson led off the sixth with a homer off Colton Murray to tie it at 1 . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Hellickson singled with one out and hit Freddy Galvis with a pitch before Herrera 's single to center drove in Hellickson . The Phillies did n't get another hit until Aaron Altherr 's leadoff single in the fifth , but Collmenter struck out Colton Murray and Freddy Galvis to end the inning . Aaron Altherr led off the fifth with a single off Josh Collmenter , who gave up six hits and one run in seven innings . He struck out four and walked none .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Ryan Howard had a big night at the plate . Howard hit a go-ahead homer in the eighth inning , and the Atlanta Braves rallied to beat the Philadelphia Phillies 7 - 6 on Wednesday night . Freddie Freeman and Freddie Freeman also homered for the Braves , who trailed 6 - 0 after three innings . Freddie Freeman led off the bottom of the eighth with a single off Joely Gonzalez , who was making his major league debut . David Hernandez ( 3 - 4 ) intentionally walked Daniel Castro , but the Braves intentionally walked Daniel Castro to load the bases . Hernandez ( 3 - 4 ) came in and struck out Dansby Swanson , but Smith singled to right to score Freeman and tie the game . Emilio Bonifacio followed with a single to right , scoring Flowers . Hernandez ( 3 - 4 ) gave up three hits and one run in two - thirds of an inning . Jim Johnson pitched a perfect ninth for his 18th save in 20 chances . The Phillies jumped out to a 4 - 0 lead in the first . Roman Quinn and Odubel Herrera singled and Maikel Franco walked to load the bases before Howard 's homer . The Phillies added three runs in the second . Roman Quinn doubled and scored on catcher Tyler Flowers ' throwing error , stole third and scored on Cameron Rupp 's double . Freeman 's homer in the fourth off Jerad Eickhoff made it 6 - 1 . The Braves cut the lead to 6 - 5 in the sixth on an RBI single by Nick Markakis and Flowers ' three - run homer off Luis Garcia . Teheran gave up six runs and 10 hits in four innings . Teheran gave up six runs and 10 hits in four innings .
PITTSBURGH -- Javier Baez is making a strong push for the postseason . Baez hit a grand slam and drove in a career-high six runs , and the Chicago Cubs beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 12 - 2 on Tuesday night . Baez 's grand slam in the fourth inning was his fourth of the season and second grand slam of the season . He also drove in a career-high six runs in a 6 - 5 win over the New York Mets on July 26 . Baez has been one of the most dangerous hitters in the National League . Baez 's grand slam off Steven Brault in the sixth inning gave the Cubs a 12 - 0 lead . Kyle Hendricks ( 16 - 8 ) allowed seven hits in six shutout innings , striking out five without a walk . Chad Kuhl ( 5 - 4 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in three - plus innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Chris Coghlan drew a leadoff walk and took third on a double by Anthony Rizzo . Coghlan scored on Jason Heyward 's sacrifice fly . Chicago loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on a single by Jason Heyward , a wild pitch and an infield hit by Albert Almora Jr . Baez then hit a 1 - 2 pitch into the seats in right for his eighth homer of the season and second grand slam of his career . Brault walked Anthony Rizzo and was replaced by Steven Brault , who gave up a single to Willson Contreras and an RBI double to Albert Almora Jr. and a two - run single to Javier Baez . The Cubs added a run in the seventh when Tommy La Stella scored on Munenori Kawasaki 's two - out grounder off Phil Coke . Matt Joyce and David Freese hit consecutive pinch-hit homers in the eighth for Pittsburgh .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres have been waiting for a big hit . Wil Myers singled home the go-ahead run in the seventh inning and the Padres beat the San Francisco Giants 4 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Padres , who have the worst record in the majors at 36 - 43 , have won six of seven overall . The Padres , who have the worst record in the majors , have won six of their last seven games . San Francisco has lost three straight and six of seven . The Padres went ahead 4 - 3 in the seventh when Manuel Margot hit a one - out triple off Cory Gearrin ( 3 - 2 ) and scored on Wil Myers ' single . Brandon Morrow ( 1 - 0 ) got the last two outs of the eighth for the win . Brad Hand got the last five outs for his first save in two chances . The Giants had runners on first and second with no outs in the ninth , but Hand got pinch hitter Brandon Belt to pop out and then got pinch-hitter Joe Panik to fly out to center . The Giants have lost three straight and six of seven . San Diego starter Clayton Richard allowed three runs , two earned , and five hits in six innings , struck out one and walked three . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Manuel Margot singled home Austin Hedges . The Giants scored three runs in the third . Trevor Brown singled and Ty Blach reached on an error by catcher Austin Hedges . Eduardo Nunez singled to load the bases before Kelby Tomlinson grounded out to bring in Brown . Buster Posey 's two - run single made it 3 - 1 . Adam Rosales hit a two - out homer in the third for the Padres . The Padres tied it at 3 in the fifth against George Kontos on Yangervis Solarte 's RBI single .
PITTSBURGH -- The Washington Nationals are on their longest winning streak of the season . Stephen Drew drove in two runs and Bryce Harper drove in two runs , leading the Nationals to a 6 - 1 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Wednesday night . The Nationals have won four of their last five . Reynaldo Lopez ( 4 - 3 ) gave up three hits in 5 1/3 scoreless innings , striking out six and walking two . Ivan Nova ( 12 - 8 ) gave up six runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in four - plus innings . The Pirates have lost four of five . Trea Turner and Jayson Werth singled to start the game and scored on Harper 's sacrifice fly . Anthony Rendon was hit by a pitch to load the bases before Stephen Drew hit a two - run single . Josh Bell 's solo homer in the third off Joe Ross cut the Pirates ' lead to 3 - 1 . The Nationals added two runs in the fourth . Danny Espinosa singled and took third on a bunt single by pinch-hitter Brian Goodwin . Nova struck out Trea Turner , but Jayson Werth hit a grounder to second baseman Adam Frazier , who threw wildly to the plate for an error that allowed Espinosa to score . Nova was charged with six runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in four - plus innings . He walked none and struck out two . The Nationals scored three times in the fourth . Danny Espinosa led off with a single , moved to third on a bunt single by pinch-hitter Brian Goodwin and scored when catcher Francisco Cervelli threw wildly to second trying to get Espinosa at second on Jayson Werth 's grounder to second . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games .
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) -- Wil Myers was n't sure if he 'd ever hit a home run . Myers hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs to lead the San Diego Padres to a 7 - 2 win over the San Francisco Giants on Wednesday night . Myers ' homer was the first of his career , a three - run shot in the first off Albert Suarez ( 3 - 5 ) that gave the Padres a 3 - 0 lead . It was Myers ' fourth of the season and second in two games . It was Myers ' second homer in two games . The Padres scored four runs in the fifth off Matt Reynolds , who was making his second big league start . Alex Dickerson hit a two - run single and Austin Hedges added a sacrifice fly . Edwin Jackson ( 5 - 6 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings , struck out five and walked five . Albert Suarez ( 3 - 5 ) allowed three runs and five hits in four innings , struck out one and walked one . Myers hit a three - run homer into the second deck in left field on the first pitch he saw from Suarez in the first , his eighth . Buster Posey 's two - run double cut it to 3 - 2 in the fifth . The Padres scored four runs in the fifth off Matt Reynolds , who walked Ryan Schimpf with the bases loaded to bring in Jay . Alex Dickerson followed with a two - run single and Austin Hedges added a sacrifice fly . The Giants were coming off a three - game sweep of San Diego in which they were swept in a three - game series for the first time this season . The Padres , who have the worst record in the majors , have won six of their last seven overall . The Giants have lost five of six .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- Sean Rodriguez is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Rodriguez hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs to lead the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 4 - 1 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Wednesday night . Rodriguez hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a two - run single in the fourth that gave the Pirates a 3 - 0 lead . It was Rodriguez 's second homer in two days . Chad Kuhl ( 5 - 3 ) gave up one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Tony Watson pitched the ninth for his 15th save in 18 chances . Jimmy Nelson ( 8 - 15 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Brewers have lost five of six . The Pirates jumped out to a 3 - 0 lead in the first . McCutchen hit a two - out solo homer to left field , and Rodriguez followed with a two - run single to make it 3 - 0 . Rodriguez led off the fourth with his 18th home run to make it 4 - 0 . The Brewers cut it to 4 - 1 in the fifth on an RBI single by Jonathan Villar . The Brewers cut it to 4 - 1 in the fifth on an RBI single by Jonathan Villar . Michael Reed scored on a two - out single by Jonathan Villar to make it 4 - 1 .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- Gary Sanchez is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Sanchez homered twice and drove in a career-high five runs , and the New York Yankees beat the Tampa Bay Rays 11 - 5 on Tuesday night . Sanchez is the first player in major league history to hit three homers in a game . Donovan Solano also homered for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Masahiro Tanaka ( 14 - 4 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings for the win . Alex Cobb ( 1 - 1 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 1 1/3 innings for the loss . The Yankees took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on RBI singles by Gary Sanchez and Ronald Torreyes . Sanchez hit a three - run homer off Cobb in the second , and Brad Miller and Corey Dickerson hit back-to-back shots in the third to make it 7 - 4 . Sanchez homered off Justin Marks in the sixth to make it 8 - 4 . Brad Miller hit a solo homer off Adam Warren in the eighth to make it 8 - 5 . Tommy Layne got the last out of the eighth , and Tyler Clippard got the final two outs of the inning . Williams had an RBI single in the ninth off Erasmo Ramirez and Solano followed with a two - run homer .
DENVER -- Nolan Arenado is starting to feel comfortable at the plate . Arenado hit his first career grand slam and drove in four runs , and the Colorado Rockies beat the St. Louis Cardinals 11 - 1 on Tuesday night . Arenado hit his first career grand slam in the second inning off Luke Weaver ( 1 - 4 ) , who gave up six runs and seven hits in two - plus innings . Arenado is hitting .294 with three homers and seven RBIs in his last six games . The Rockies scored four runs in the seventh off Dean Kiekhefer and Murphy 's three - run homer off Jonathan Broxton . German Marquez ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits in five innings for his first major league win . Luke Weaver ( 1 - 4 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in two innings . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Blackmon singled and scored on DJ LeMahieu 's sacrifice fly . The Cardinals tied it in the second . Jeremy Hazelbaker led off with a double and scored on Kolten Wong 's sacrifice fly . The Rockies took a 6 - 1 lead in the second on Blackmon 's RBI single and Arenado 's second grand slam of the season . Murphy 's three - run homer in the fourth gave the Rockies a 6 - 1 lead . The Rockies added four runs in the seventh off Dean Kiekhefer , who was making his major league debut . DJ LeMahieu had an RBI double and Murphy a three - run homer off Jonathan Broxton .
NEW YORK -- Freddie Freeman has been on a roll . Freeman had four hits , including a homer , and drove in three runs to lead the Atlanta Braves to a 7 - 3 victory over the New York Mets on Friday night . Freeman had four hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in three runs . The Braves won for the fourth time in five games . Aaron Blair ( 1 - 6 ) gave up two runs and four hits in six innings for his first major league win . Noah Syndergaard ( 13 - 9 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . The Mets lost for the fourth time in five games . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the second on a single by Nick Markakis , a walk to Tyler Flowers and a walk to Jace Peterson . Dansby Swanson singled in a run and Ender Inciarte singled in a run . Freeman led off the third with a drive into the second deck in right field for a 3 - 0 lead . Freeman had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the sixth that made it 5 - 0 . T. J. Rivera hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Freeman led off the seventh with a single off Josh Edgin and scored on Dansby Swanson 's two - run single off Hansel Robles .
BOSTON ( AP ) -- Hanley Ramirez has been a big reason why . He homered twice and drove in four runs to lead the Boston Red Sox to a 5 - 4 win over the New York Yankees on Friday night . Ramirez has been one of the few bright spots for the AL East leaders , who acquired him in a trade with the New York Yankees on July 31 . Ramirez hit a tying , three - run homer in the fifth inning and a three - run shot in the seventh that gave the Red Sox a 5 - 4 lead . Ramirez , who had three hits , drove a 3 - 2 pitch from Tyler Clippard ( 3 - 4 ) into the Red Sox bullpen to give the Red Sox a 5 - 4 lead . Robby Scott ( 1 - 0 ) got the last two outs of the seventh for the win and Koji Uehara worked the ninth for his seventh save . Hanley Ramirez hit two homers for the Red Sox , including a three - run shot in the fifth that made it 4 - 3 . The Red Sox tied it at 4 in the sixth on a single by Travis Shaw , a single by Aaron Hill and an RBI single by Jackie Bradley Jr. . Sabathia gave up four runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out five . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Brett Gardner led off with a double and scored on Didi Gregorius ' two - out single . Sanchez 's homer made it 2 - 0 in the third . The Yankees made it 4 - 0 in the fourth when Donovan Solano singled , took third on Williams ' double and scored on Gardner 's grounder . Ronald Torreyes ' fielder 's choice made it 4 - 0 .
ATLANTA -- Matt Wisler is making a strong case to stay in the rotation . The right-hander gave up two runs in 5 2/3 innings to help the Atlanta Braves beat the Washington Nationals 6 - 2 on Wednesday night . Wisler ( 7 - 12 ) gave up five hits and two runs in 5 2/3 innings . He walked none and struck out two . The Nationals scored two runs in the sixth . Trea Turner hit a two - out triple and scored on Jayson Werth 's double off Ian Krol . Bryce Harper drove in Werth with a single off Ian Krol . Freddie Freeman added an RBI double off Marc Rzepczynski in the sixth . Joe Ross ( 7 - 5 ) gave up six hits , one run , struck out five and did n't walk a batter in three innings . Rafael Martin gave up pinch hitter Emilio Bonifacio 's pinch-hit , two - run single off Marc Rzepczynski and Freddie Freeman 's run-scoring double to make it 6 - 2 in the sixth . The Nationals cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the sixth on Jayson Werth 's RBI double and Bryce Harper 's run-scoring single off Ian Krol . Atlanta took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Matt Kemp singled , moved to second on Markakis ' single and scored on Peterson 's single . The Braves loaded the bases with no outs in the third on singles by Ender Inciarte and Adonis Garcia and a single by Freeman . Ross escaped the jam by striking out Nick Markakis and getting Tyler Flowers to pop out . The Braves loaded the bases with no outs in the third on singles by Ender Inciarte and Adonis Garcia and a single by Freeman . Ross escaped the jam by striking out Nick Markakis and getting Tyler Flowers to pop out . The Braves added two runs in the fourth . Jace Peterson led off with a walk off Reynaldo Lopez and scored on Dansby Swanson 's double into the right-field corner . Garcia 's single drove in Swanson , who reached on a wild pitch .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Miami Marlins are making a habit of turning things around . Christian Yelich hit a tying , two - run homer in the eighth inning and the Marlins rallied to beat the Philadelphia Phillies 5 - 4 on Wednesday night . The Marlins won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 0 against the Phillies this season . Christian Yelich hit a tying , two - run homer off Hector Neris ( 4 - 4 ) in the eighth to tie it at 4 . Mike Dunn ( 4 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings to earn the win . AJ Ramos pitched the ninth for his 37th save in 42 chances . The Phillies had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth , but Roman Quinn grounded out to end the game . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Tommy Joseph 's RBI single and Freddy Galvis ' RBI single . Herrera led off the third with a homer to left to make it 3 - 0 . The Marlins cut it to 3 - 2 in the fifth on an RBI single by Dee Gordon and Derek Dietrich 's RBI single . Galvis homered off Dustin McGowan in the sixth to make it 4 - 2 . Cashner allowed three runs and five hits in four innings . Cashner gave up three runs and five hits in four innings .
BALTIMORE -- The Tampa Bay Rays are on their longest winning streak since a seven - game run in June 2008 . Evan Longoria led off the sixth inning with a home run , and the Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 5 - 2 on Sunday to avoid a three - game sweep . The Rays , who have the worst record in the majors , won for only the second time in eight games . Matt Andriese ( 8 - 7 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings to earn his first win since July 26 . Alex Colome worked the ninth for his 34th save , and the Rays improved to 5 - 0 against the Orioles this season . Chris Tillman ( 16 - 6 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Orioles have lost four of five . Adam Jones hit a leadoff double in the first and scored on a sacrifice fly by Manny Machado . The Orioles made it 2 - 0 in the third . J. J. Hardy singled , Michael Bourn singled and Hyun Soo Kim hit a sacrifice fly . The Rays got a run in the fourth when Evan Longoria hit a one - out triple and scored on Brad Miller 's grounder . The Rays took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth . Longoria led off with a homer to left , Brad Miller singled and Corey Dickerson hit a sacrifice fly . Mahtook greeted Mychal Givens with a two - run single off Mychal Givens .
NEW YORK -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are making the most of it . Justin Turner doubled in the go-ahead run in the ninth inning and the Dodgers beat the New York Yankees 2 - 0 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Dodgers , who have won six of their last seven games , moved a half-game ahead of idle San Francisco in the NL West . The Dodgers , who have the best record in the majors , won for the fourth time in five games . New York has lost four of five . Corey Seager reached on an error by second baseman Starlin Castro leading off the ninth . He stole second and scored on Justin Turner 's one - out double off Dellin Betances ( 3 - 5 ) . Luis Avilan ( 2 - 0 ) struck out Jacoby Ellsbury to end the inning . Kenley Jansen struck out the side in the ninth for his 44th save in 48 chances . New York , which had won five of its last six games , dropped to 2 - 5 on its 10-game homestand . New York starter Michael Pineda struck out five in four shutout innings . He allowed two hits and two walks . Kershaw struck out five and walked two in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained left hamstring . Michael Pineda pitched four scoreless innings for the Yankees in his first start since Aug. 28 . He walked Adrian Gonzalez and Yasmani Grandal with one out in the fourth , then got Andre Ethier to ground into a double play . New York had runners on second and third with one out in the fourth , but Andre Ethier grounded into a double play .
CINCINNATI -- Dan Straily was n't going to let the game get away . The right-hander pitched eight solid innings , and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Milwaukee Brewers 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Straily ( 12 - 8 ) gave up three hits , struck out eight and walked one . Tony Cingrani gave up a two - run homer to Chris Carter in the ninth , but held on for the win . Adam Duvall hit a two - run double during Cincinnati 's four - run third inning off Matt Garza ( 5 - 7 ) , who gave up five runs -- one earned -- and eight hits in five innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Garza has been one of the few bright spots for the NL Central leaders , who have lost six of their last seven games . Votto hit a solo homer in the first inning , his 12th of the season and second in two games . The Brewers tied it in the second on a solo homer by Keon Broxton , who had been 0 for 4 with two strikeouts in his career against Straily . Jonathan Villar put the Brewers up 2 - 1 with a solo homer in the third inning , his 12th of the season and second in two games . The Reds tied it in the bottom of the inning . Tucker Barnhart reached on an error by third baseman Hernan Perez and scored on Votto 's single . Votto scored on Brandon Phillips ' sacrifice fly . The Brewers loaded the bases with one out in the sixth , but Straily got Hernan Perez to pop out and Chris Carter to fly out to end the threat . Scott Schebler added an RBI single off Blaine Boyer in the eighth .
WASHINGTON -- The New York Mets are on a roll . T. J. Rivera hit a tiebreaking homer in the 10th inning , and the Mets rallied to beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 3 on Wednesday night . The Mets won for the 10th time in 12 games and moved two games over .500 for the first time this season . Rivera ( 3 - 3 ) gave up an RBI single to Anthony Rendon and a tying single to Wilson Ramos in the ninth . Mark Melancon ( 2 - 2 ) gave up a run and two hits in one inning for the loss . The Nationals trailed 3 - 1 in the bottom of the ninth before Melancon ( 2 - 2 ) retired Jay Bruce on a grounder to start the inning . Melancon then gave up a one - out homer to James Loney . It was Melancon 's third blown save in 46 chances . Jeurys Familia ( 3 - 3 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and three hits in the ninth . Fernando Salas got two outs in the 10th , and Jerry Blevins got three outs for his first major league save . Mets starter Noah Syndergaard struck out 10 in seven innings , allowing one run and four hits . Washington starter A. J. Cole gave up three runs and nine hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Bryce Harper walked , stole second and scored on Wilson Ramos ' double . The Mets tied it in the third . Asdrubal Cabrera led off with a double , stole third and scored on Rivera 's single . The Mets took a 3 - 1 lead in the fifth . Yoenis Cespedes led off with a single and scored on Granderson 's triple to right-center . Granderson scored on T. J. Rivera 's sacrifice fly .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- Joe Mauer has been one of the few bright spots for the Minnesota Twins . Mauer singled home the winning run in the 12th inning to lift the Minnesota Twins to a 2 - 1 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Friday night . The Twins have won five of their last six games and have the best record in the American League . Mauer 's RBI single off Joe Colon ( 1 - 2 ) gave the Twins a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the 12th . Brian Dozier singled with two outs and scored on Mauer 's two - out single to left field . Mauer has been one of the few bright spots for the Twins , who have won six of their last seven games . J. T. Chargois ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 12th inning for the win . The Twins have won four of their last five games . The Indians have lost five of their last six games . Miguel Sano hit a solo homer in the second inning for the Twins , who have lost four of five . The Twins loaded the bases with one out in the sixth on a single by Jorge Polanco and a walk to Miguel Sano . Jeff Manship came in and got Eddie Rosario to ground into a fielder 's choice , but Kurt Suzuki flied out to end the inning . Santiago allowed one run on five hits with four walks and two strikeouts in seven innings . The Twins loaded the bases with one out in the sixth on a single by Jorge Polanco and a walk to Miguel Sano . Jeff Manship came in and got Eddie Rosario to ground into a fielder 's choice , but Kurt Suzuki flied out to end the inning .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- Byron Buxton was n't sure what to do . Buxton homered for the second straight game to help the Cleveland Indians beat the Minnesota Twins 5 - 4 on Friday night . Mike Napoli led off the fifth inning with a home run , and Jose Ramirez had three hits for the Indians , who have won six of their last seven games . Buxton 's homer was his fourth of the season and second in two games . Buxton hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning to tie the game at 4 . Napoli led off the fifth with a homer to right field that gave the Indians a 5 - 4 lead . Cody Allen pitched a perfect ninth for his 27th save in 31 chances . Tyler Duffey ( 8 - 11 ) gave up five runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked one . Mauer 's homer gave the Twins a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning . The Twins took a 2 - 0 lead in the second when Byron Buxton reached on a two - base error by second baseman Jason Kipnis and scored on Brian Dozier 's double . The Indians took a 4 - 2 lead in the third on a two - run double by Lonnie Chisenhall and an RBI groundout by Abraham Almonte . Buxton hit a two - run homer in the fourth to tie the game at 4 .
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego Padres have been waiting all season long . Ryan Schimpf hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs to lead the San Diego Padres to a 14 - 1 win over the Colorado Rockies on Friday night . The Padres , who have the worst record in the majors , have won six of their last seven games . Schimpf hit a three - run homer in San Diego 's six - run third inning . Richard ( 2 - 3 ) allowed six hits in seven innings , struck out eight and walked two . Jeff Hoffman ( 0 - 3 ) gave up seven runs , none earned , and six hits in 2 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Padres scored seven runs in the third inning , including a three - run homer by Schimpf , who hit a three - run shot . The Padres added three runs in the fifth on an RBI groundout by Richard and a two - run single by Travis Jankowski . The Padres added two runs in the sixth off reliever Matt Carasiti . Alex Dickerson reached on an error by first baseman Mark Reynolds and scored on Norris ' homer to right . The Rockies had a chance to score in the ninth when pinch hitter Raimel Tapia hit a fly ball to deep right that was caught by a leaping pinch hitter pinch hitter Raimel Tapia . The Rockies did n't get a runner to third base until Nolan Arenado singled with two outs in the first . Richard struck out Carlos Gonzalez to end the inning .
CLEVELAND -- The Cleveland Indians are going to make a run at home in the AL Central . Francisco Lindor drove in three runs , Francisco Lindor drove in three runs and the Indians beat the Houston Astros 10 - 7 on Wednesday night . Carlos Santana hit a two - run homer , Francisco Lindor drove in three runs and Francisco Lindor drove in three runs as the Indians won for the seventh time in nine games . The Indians have won six of their last seven games . Trevor Bauer ( 11 - 6 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in five innings . Cody Allen pitched the ninth for his 26th save in 29 chances . David Paulino ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and four hits in three innings . Alex Bregman had two hits and three RBIs for the Astros , including a run-scoring double in the first . The Indians scored four runs in the third off David Paulino ( 0 - 1 ) , who was making his major league debut . Abraham Almonte doubled to lead off the fourth and scored on a groundout by Alex Bregman to make it 6 - 2 . The Astros got a run back in the fifth on an RBI groundout by Alex Bregman . The Astros scored twice in the seventh off Perci Garner , who was making his major league debut . George Springer drew a leadoff walk and scored on Bregman 's triple to right . Jose Altuve struck out and Bregman scored on Garner 's wild pitch to make it 10 - 7 . Andrew Miller relieved Garner and got pinch-hitter Teoscar Hernandez to ground out .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox are going to make a run at the playoffs . Melky Cabrera drove in two runs , Melky Cabrera drove in two runs and the White Sox rallied to beat the Detroit Tigers 7 - 4 on Wednesday night . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . Chris Beck ( 2 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Jose Quintana allowed four runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Shane Greene ( 3 - 4 ) gave up three runs and three hits in the eighth . David Robertson pitched the ninth for his 35th save in 38 chances . He allowed a leadoff walk to J. D. Martinez and a single to Justin Upton before striking out James McCann and pinch hitter Tyler Collins . Tigers manager Jim Leyland said he was n't worried . Chris Beck ( 2 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Jose Quintana allowed four runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Justin Upton hit a two - run homer in the second for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . The White Sox tied it in the bottom of the third on an RBI single by Melky Cabrera and a sacrifice fly by Abreu . The White Sox got a run back in the bottom of the first when Tim Anderson singled with one out and scored on Cabrera 's double . Abreu followed with a single to left , but Justin Morneau grounded out to end the inning . Upton 's two - run homer in the second inning gave the Tigers a 3 - 1 lead . Victor Martinez and J. D. Martinez singled to start the inning and Upton followed with his 21st homer .
CINCINNATI -- The last time Bartolo Colon was on the mound , he did n't have his best stuff . Colon gave up five hits in six shutout innings , and the New York Mets beat the Cincinnati Reds 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Colon ( 13 - 7 ) struck out two and walked one , improving to 4 - 0 in his last four starts . The Mets won for only the second time in their last 13 games overall , their longest winning streak since a nine - game run in September 2008 . The Reds have been shut out in three of their last four games . Reynolds hit a solo homer in the third off Robert Stephenson ( 2 - 1 ) , who had a career-high nine strikeouts in 5 1/3 innings . He gave up six hits and one walk . Johnson led off the fifth with his fourth homer of the season and second in two games . The Mets made it 5 - 0 in the seventh . Alfredo Simon walked Travis d'Arnaud and gave up a single to James Loney , who scored on Matt Reynolds ' single . Asdrubal Cabrera 's RBI single made it 5 - 0 , and De Aza made it 5 - 0 on a sacrifice fly . Hernan Iribarren 's pinch-hit triple in the sixth was the Reds ' only hit until the sixth , when Hernan Iribarbarren led off with a pinch-hit triple and scored on Matt Reynolds ' pinch-hit single . Pinch-hitter Hernan Iribarren singled off the top of the wall in center field to start the sixth , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a triple . Travis d'Arnaud walked with one out in the seventh and scored on Reynolds ' single . Asdrubal Cabrera 's RBI single made it 5 - 0 , and De Aza added a sacrifice fly . Robert Stephenson ( 2 - 1 ) gave up six hits and two runs with a walk and a career-high nine strikeouts in 5 1/3 innings .
WASHINGTON -- Max Scherzer was n't going to let a one - run lead slip away . Scherzer allowed two runs in seven innings and the Washington Nationals held on for a 6 - 4 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Friday night . Scherzer ( 16 - 7 ) allowed two runs and seven hits . He struck out five and walked two . The Braves scored twice in the ninth off Nationals closer Mark Melancon . Adonis Garcia scored on a double-play grounder by Matt Kemp , but Anthony Recker flied out to end the game . Turner 's two - run homer in the third off Ryan Weber ( 1 - 1 ) gave Washington a 5 - 1 lead . Ryan Weber ( 1 - 1 ) gave up five runs and six hits in three - plus innings . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Nick Markakis singled , Anthony Recker walked and Jace Peterson hit an RBI double . Turner hit a two - run homer in the third , and Heisey 's three - run shot made it 5 - 1 . Turner added an RBI single in the fourth off Jed Bradley . The Braves scored a run in the sixth off Jed Bradley . Nick Markakis led off with a double and scored on Jace Peterson 's fielder 's choice . The Braves had runners on first and third with two outs in the sixth , but Scherzer got Ender Inciarte to ground out to end the inning . The Braves scored two runs in the ninth off Mark Melancon on an RBI single by Freddie Freeman and a double-play grounder by Kemp . Nick Markakis singled to put runners at the corners , but Anthony Recker flied out to end the game .
CINCINNATI -- The Cincinnati Reds had a lot of fun . Tucker Barnhart hit a two - run double during Cincinnati 's five - run eighth inning , and the Reds beat the St. Louis Cardinals 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . The Reds won for the seventh time in eight games and moved a half-game ahead of St. Louis in the NL Central . Dan Straily ( 11 - 7 ) gave up one run and three hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked a season-high seven . Jaime Garcia ( 10 - 11 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings , striking out eight and walking four . The Cardinals had runners on first and second with one out in the first , but Straily struck out Randal Grichuk to end the threat . The Reds tied it in the bottom of the inning . Tyler Holt led off with a double and scored on Zack Cozart 's two - out double . The Reds regained the lead in the fifth . Billy Hamilton singled , went to third on Zack Cozart 's double and scored on Alberto Rosario 's passed ball . The Reds loaded the bases with one out in the seventh off Miguel Socolovich and Dean Kiekhefer , who was called up from Triple-A Memphis earlier in the day . Straily walked Greg Garcia to load the bases , but Blake Wood got Alberto Rosario to ground out to end the threat . De Jesus doubled off Jerome Williams in the eighth and scored on Duvall 's sacrifice fly . Duvall 's sacrifice fly made it 6 - 1 , and Barnhart 's two - run double made it 9 - 1 . Garcia led off the ninth with a single off Tony Cingrani , but Alberto Rosario grounded into a double play .
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) -- Rick Porcello is making a strong push to become the majors ' first 20-game winner . Porcello became the majors ' first 20-game winner and the Boston Red Sox beat the Oakland Athletics 11 - 2 on Tuesday night . Porcello ( 19 - 3 ) gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings , walking none and striking out two . David Ortiz had three hits and drove in two runs , and Mookie Betts added a two - run double in Boston 's six - run third inning . Daniel Mengden ( 1 - 6 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in 2 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Mookie Betts hit a two - run double in the first for the Red Sox , who have won four of five . Ramirez hit his 21st home run in the third , then Moncada doubled in a run and scored on Xander Bogaerts ' single to make it 9 - 0 . Ortiz 's two - run double in the third made it 9 - 0 . The A 's lost their fourth straight and sixth in seven games overall . Jake Smolinski doubled with one out in the sixth and scored on Bruce Maxwell 's single to make it 9 - 1 . The A 's made it 9 - 2 in the seventh on Yonder Alonso 's RBI single . The Red Sox loaded the bases with no outs in the eighth against Chris Smith on a single by Bogaerts , a walk to Betts and a walk to Mookie Betts . Smith struck out Hanley Ramirez before Sandy Leon drove in Bogaerts with a fielder 's choice to make it 10 - 2 . Moncada singled off Danny Coulombe leading off the ninth and went to third on Ryan Hanigan 's one - out single . Travis Shaw struck out swinging and Hill singled to right to score Moncada and make it 11 - 2 .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Cleveland Indians are trying to keep their slim playoff hopes alive . Francisco Lindor hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly in the eighth inning and the Indians beat the Kansas City Royals 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Indians won for the 10th time in 12 games and moved within one game of first-place Detroit in the AL Central . Josh Tomlin ( 13 - 9 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 7 1/3 innings for the win . Cody Allen worked the ninth for his 32nd save in 38 opportunities . Ian Kennedy ( 11 - 11 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 7 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . Kennedy retired the first two batters in the eighth before walking Carlos Santana and giving up a double to Jason Kipnis . Francisco Lindor followed with a sacrifice fly off Joakim Soria , who then struck out Jose Ramirez to end the inning . Whit Merrifield had two hits , including an RBI double in the first for Kansas City , which has lost four of five . Kennedy ( 11 - 11 ) , who had won his previous three starts , gave up three runs and four hits in 7 2/3 innings . He hit Tyler Naquin with a pitch to start the game , then gave up Gomes ' homer to left . The Royals tied it in the fifth when Cheslor Cuthbert led off the inning with a home run . The Royals tied it in the bottom of the inning when Cheslor Cuthbert led off the fifth with his second home run of the season , tying it at 2 . The Royals , who have lost five of their last six games , have lost five of their last six games .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Miguel Sano has been one of the most consistent hitters in the American League . Sano hit a three - run homer and drove in five runs to lead the Minnesota Twins to a 7 - 5 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . Sano has been one of the most consistent hitters in the American League this season . Sano 's three - run homer in the third inning off Jason Hammel ( 0 - 3 ) gave the Twins a 3 - 2 lead . Phil Hughes ( 4 - 1 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . Brandon Kintzler worked the ninth for his seventh save in as many chances . Jason Hammel ( 0 - 3 ) gave up five runs on six hits and three walks in three - plus innings . The Royals scored two runs in the second on a run-scoring double by Salvador Perez and an RBI single by Brandon Moss . The Twins tacked on two more runs in the fourth . Eddie Rosario and Buxton started the inning with consecutive singles . Max Kepler drove in a run with a fielder 's choice , and Miguel Sano singled home Buxton . Lorenzo Cain hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Salvador Perez led off the Royals sixth with a double and scored on Alcides Escobar 's two - out single . Ryan Pressly came in and got Merrifield to fly out to end the inning . The Twins added a run in the ninth on Jorge Polanco 's RBI single off Kelvin Herrera .
CLEVELAND -- Nelson Cruz is making a habit of getting the better of it . Cruz hit a two - run homer and the Cleveland Indians beat the Seattle Mariners 4 - 3 on Wednesday night . Salazar ( 2 - 2 ) gave up a two - run homer to Nelson Cruz and a solo shot to Kyle Seager in the first inning . The right-hander gave up three hits in 6 1/3 innings , struck out six and walked three . Nelson Cruz homered for the second straight game and drove in two runs . Nelson Cruz and Kyle Seager hit back-to-back homers in the first for Seattle , which has lost four of five . Salazar ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Cody Allen pitched the ninth for his sixth save in six chances . Yovani Gallardo ( 1 - 3 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . The Indians loaded the bases with one out in the first , but Gallardo got out of the jam by retiring Yan Gomes on a fly ball . The Mariners , who have lost six of seven , fell to 1 - 5 on their 10-game homestand . The Indians loaded the bases with one out in the first on a walk to Carlos Santana and a walk to Francisco Lindor . Edwin Encarnacion walked to load the bases , and Ramirez doubled down the right-field line to score both runners . Chisenhall 's two - out , two - run single gave Cleveland a 4 - 3 lead . It was the first time in Cleveland history that the Indians scored more than three runs in a game . The last time they did it in a game was June 8 , 2007 , when they did it against the Chicago White Sox . The Indians loaded the bases with one out in the first , but failed to score . Jose Ramirez hit a two - run double and Lonnie Chisenhall had a two - run single . It was the first time in Cleveland history that the Indians scored more than three runs in a game . The last time they won a series was June 8 , 2007 , at Kansas City . The Indians loaded the bases with one out in the first on a walk to Carlos Santana and a walk to Francisco Lindor . Gallardo retired Michael Brantley on a fly ball , but Ramirez doubled down the left-field line to score both runners and make it 3 - 2 . Chisenhall 's two - out , two - run single gave Cleveland a 4 - 3 lead . It was the first time in Cleveland history that the Indians scored more than three runs in a game . The last time they did it in a game was June 9 , 2007 , when they did it against the Chicago White Sox . The Indians loaded the bases with one out in the first on a walk to Carlos Santana and a walk to Francisco Lindor . Edwin Encarnacion walked to load the bases for Ramirez , who lined a two - run double into the gap in left-center . The Indians , who have won six of their last seven games , scored four times in the first . Carlos Santana walked and Francisco Lindor walked to start the inning . Ramirez then lined a two - run double down the right-field line to make it 3 - 2 . After Jason Kipnis struck out , Chisenhall lined a two - run single up the middle . The Indians , who have won six of their last seven games , scored four times in the first . Carlos Santana walked and Francisco Lindor walked to start the inning . Gallardo then walked Edwin Encarnacion to load the bases . Ramirez then lined a two - run double down the right-field line to make it 3 - 2 . After Jason Kipnis struck out , Chisenhall lined a two - run single up the middle . The Indians , who have won six of their last seven games , scored four times in the first . Carlos Santana walked and Francisco Lindor walked to start the inning . Ramirez then lined a two - run double down the right-field line to make it 3 - 2 . After Jason Kipnis struck out , Lonnie Chisenhall lined a two - run single to center . The Indians , who have won four of five , moved within one game of first-place Detroit in the AL Central . The Indians , who have won six of their last seven games , moved within one game of first-place Detroit in the AL Central .
MIAMI -- The last time Ivan Nova pitched a complete game , he pitched a three - hitter for his second complete game of the season . Nova pitched a three - hitter for his first career complete game and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Miami Marlins 4 - 0 on Wednesday night . Nova ( 3 - 2 ) struck out seven and walked none , lowering his ERA to 1.50 . The Pirates won for only the fourth time in their past 13 games . The Marlins , who rank last in the majors in runs , have totaled only two runs in their past six games . They 've scored three runs in their past four games . The Pirates scored three runs in the sixth to take a 3 - 0 lead . John Jaso led off the ninth with a homer off A. J. Ramos . Jordy Mercer followed with a single , but Ramos struck out Gift Ngoepe and got Josh Harrison to fly out to end the game . Dan Straily ( 1 - 2 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five , walked three and hit a batter . The Pirates scored three runs in the sixth to take a 3 - 0 lead . Josh Bell hit a one - out single , Andrew McCutchen walked and Gregory Polanco walked to load the bases . Straily walked Francisco Cervelli to force in a run , and Brad Ziegler walked Jaso to make it 3 - 0 . Straily allowed three runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . John Jaso hit a two - run homer off A. J. Ramos in the ninth for the Pirates , who have won four of their past five games . The Marlins , who rank last in the majors in runs , have totaled four runs in their past four games .
CLEVELAND -- Ariel Miranda made the most of his opportunity . Miranda struck out seven in 5 1/3 innings , and the Seattle Mariners beat the Cleveland Indians 3 - 1 on Wednesday night . Miranda ( 2 - 2 ) allowed two hits and two walks . The right-hander is 2 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA over his last four starts . Jose Ramirez hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Carlos Carrasco ( 2 - 2 ) gave up three runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out seven without a walk . Cano 's two - run homer in the fourth off Carrasco gave Seattle a 2 - 0 lead . Jose Ramirez hit a solo homer in the fourth for Cleveland 's only run . Gamel hit a solo homer in the sixth off Carlos Carrasco ( 2 - 2 ) , who gave up three runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out seven without a walk . James Pazos pitched 2 1/3 scoreless innings in relief of James Pazos , who struck out the side in the eighth . Francisco Lindor hit a one - out double in the eighth , but Brandon Guyer lined out to first and Edwin Diaz struck out the side for his fourth save in six chances . The Indians have lost four of five .
BOSTON -- Masahiro Tanaka was n't going to let the game get away from him . The New York Yankees ' ace pitched a three - hitter for his second shutout of the season , leading the New York Yankees to a 3 - 0 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Friday night . Tanaka ( 3 - 1 ) struck out three and walked none in his third career complete game . He threw 97 pitches , 72 for strikes . Tanaka retired Marco Hernandez on a grounder to start the ninth , then retired Dustin Pedroia and Andrew Benintendi on groundouts . Chris Sale ( 1 - 2 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in eight innings . He struck out 10 and did n't walk a batter . The Red Sox lost for the fifth time in six games . Aaron Hicks had two hits and scored twice for New York . Matt Holliday drove in two runs with a sacrifice fly in the fourth . Aaron Hicks and Chase Headley opened the ninth with singles before Holliday 's RBI single made it 2 - 0 . Castro greeted Heath Hembree with an RBI single to make it 3 - 0 . Aaron Hicks and Chase Headley opened the ninth with singles before Holliday 's RBI single made it 2 - 0 . Starlin Castro greeted Heath Hembree with an RBI single to make it 3 - 0 . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Tanaka retired Jackie Bradley Jr. and Sandy Leon on groundouts . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Tanaka retired Marco Hernandez on a grounder to second . Tanaka retired Marco Hernandez on a grounder to second to start the ninth , then retired Pedroia on a grounder to second base .
CLEVELAND -- Dallas Keuchel did n't have his best stuff . The left-hander pitched a six - hitter for his second complete game of the season and the Houston Astros beat the Cleveland Indians 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Keuchel ( 4 - 0 ) allowed two runs and six hits , struck out five and walked three . Michael Brantley hit a leadoff homer in the ninth for Cleveland , which has lost four of five . The Indians , who have lost five of six , fell to 1 - 5 on their 10-game homestand . Josh Tomlin ( 1 - 3 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in six innings . The right-hander struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Keuchel retired the first 10 hitters before Austin Jackson hit a one - out homer in the third . Reddick 's two - run single capped a three - run fifth against Josh Tomlin ( 1 - 3 ) . The Astros added an unearned run off Andrew Miller in the ninth . Evan Gattis was hit by a pitch with one out , advanced to third on Aoki 's single and scored on Reddick 's single to right . George Springer was thrown out at the plate trying to score on George Springer 's fly to right . The Indians had runners on first and third with one out in the second , but Keuchel got Brandon Guyer to ground into a double play . Yan Gomes singled with one out in the eighth off Nick Goody and advanced to third on Carlos Santana 's two - out single . Reddick then lined a single to right to make it 4 - 1 . Reddick 's RBI single off Nick Goody made it 4 - 1 in the ninth .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Clayton Kershaw was n't going to let the game get away from him . Kershaw pitched seven strong innings to win his fourth straight start and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the San Francisco Giants 2 - 1 on Friday night . Kershaw ( 4 - 1 ) gave up one run and six hits , struck out seven and walked one . Pedro Baez got the final two outs of the eighth and Kenley Jansen got the last four outs for his fifth save in as many chances . The Giants had runners on first and third with two outs in the ninth before Conor Gillaspie grounded out to end the game . Ty Blach ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked one . The Giants lost their fourth straight and sixth in seven games . Buster Posey 's two - out single in the third drove in Ty Blach , who led off the inning with a double . The Dodgers took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Puig 's RBI single and Adrian Gonzalez 's fielder 's choice grounder that scored Justin Turner , who had walked . It was the first time the Giants have been held to one run or fewer in a game this season . The Dodgers loaded the bases with one out in the seventh on a double by Adrian Gonzalez , a walk to Yasmani Grandal and a wild pitch . George Kontos came on and got Chris Taylor to fly out , then struck out Andrew Toles to end the threat . Pedro Baez got two outs in the eighth and Kenley Jansen finished for his fifth save in as many chances .
PITTSBURGH -- The way Ivan Nova has been pitching lately , it was n't easy . Nova pitched seven strong innings and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the New York Yankees 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Nova ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one run and four hits , striking out seven and walking one . Tony Watson worked out of a two - on , one - out jam in the ninth for his sixth save in six opportunities . Jacoby Ellsbury hit a leadoff homer in the seventh for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Jordan Montgomery ( 1 - 1 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings , striking out five and walking two . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jordy Mercer drew a leadoff walk and scored on David Freese 's sacrifice fly . Polanco 's RBI double made it 2 - 0 in the third . Jacoby Ellsbury led off the seventh with a home run for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . The Yankees had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth but Daniel Hudson got Chase Headley and Starlin Castro to strike out swinging to end the threat . The Yankees had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Daniel Hudson got Chase Headley to pop out and struck out Starlin Castro . The Yankees loaded the bases with one out in the ninth on a single by Aaron Judge , a walk to Matt Holliday and an error by Harrison at third base . Watson then struck out Aaron Hicks and got Pete Kozma to ground into a fielder 's choice .
PITTSBURGH -- Chris Carter was n't sure if he 'd ever hit a home run . Carter hit a three - run homer in a five - run eighth inning , and the New York Yankees rallied to beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 11 - 5 on Tuesday night . Castro , who has been on a tear since coming off the disabled list last month , has been on a tear since coming off the disabled list last month . Carter hit a three - run homer in the eighth off Felipe Vazquez ( 1 - 1 ) , who was making his major league debut . Carter , who had n't homered since April 22 , was 0 for 2 with a walk in his first two games . Judge hit a solo homer off Antonio Bastardo in the ninth , his fourth of the season and second in as many games . He also had a two - run double in the ninth to give New York a 5 - 3 lead . Starlin Castro hit a three - run homer and Ronald Torreyes had a two - run double during a five - run sixth for the Yankees , who have won four of five . David Freese and David Freese homered for the Pirates , who lost for the fifth time in six games . David Freese and David Freese homered for the Pirates , who lost for the fifth time in six games . Andrew McCutchen hit a solo homer in the first off Michael Pineda to give the Pirates a 1 - 0 lead . Freese hit a solo homer in the fourth off Michael Pineda to give the Pirates a 2 - 0 lead . McCutchen 's sacrifice fly made it 3 - 0 in the fifth .
PHOENIX -- The Arizona Diamondbacks ' biggest inning of the season ended with a five - run lead . Chris Iannetta hit a two - run single in Arizona 's five - run eighth inning , and the Diamondbacks rallied to beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 13 - 5 on Wednesday night . The Diamondbacks had 14 hits and matched a season high with 14 hits . Archie Bradley ( 1 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up a solo homer to Chris Taylor in the top of the seventh . Ross Stripling ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and three hits in the eighth inning . Archie Bradley ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run in two innings for his first major league win . Chris Taylor hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Lamb put the Diamondbacks up 4 - 3 in the fifth with a two - run single off Pedro Baez . Walker allowed four runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings , striking out six and walking one . Seager hit a two - run homer in the first inning to give the Dodgers a 2 - 0 lead . Pollock led off the bottom of the first with his second home run of the season . The Diamondbacks tied it at 2 in the third . Pollock doubled with one out and scored on Owings ' double to tie it at 2 . The Dodgers regained the lead in the fifth . Pederson doubled with two outs and scored on Seager 's single to right . The Dodgers tied it at 4 in the sixth when Yasmani Grandal doubled with two outs and scored on Andrew Toles ' single off Jorge De La Rosa .
CHICAGO -- Corey Kluber is making a strong bid for his first major league complete game . Kluber pitched a three - hitter for his second shutout of the season and the Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 0 on Friday night . Kluber ( 2 - 1 ) struck out nine and walked two in his second complete game of the season . He threw 110 pitches , 73 for strikes . The only hit Kluber allowed was a leadoff walk to Omar Narvaez in the ninth . Brandon Guyer hit a two - run homer in the fourth off Jose Quintana ( 0 - 4 ) . Quintana ( 0 - 4 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season and have lost five of their last six games . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Austin Jackson led off with a double , took third on Yan Gomes ' sacrifice bunt and scored on Quintana 's wild pitch . Quintana walked Edwin Encarnacion and Jason Kipnis in the fourth before Guyer homered to right . The White Sox threatened in the fourth when Tim Anderson led off with a single and moved to second on a wild pitch . But Kluber struck out Melky Cabrera and got Todd Frazier to fly out to center to end the inning . The White Sox threatened in the sixth when Jacob May drew a one - out walk , but Tim Anderson grounded into a double play to end the inning . Melky Cabrera led off the seventh with a single , but Kluber struck out Jose Abreu and got Todd Frazier to fly out .
SAN DIEGO -- Jhoulys Chacin was n't going to let the game get away from him . Chacin took a no-hitter into the seventh inning , and the San Diego Padres beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 1 - 0 on Wednesday night . Chacin ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three hits in eight innings , struck out five and walked one . Brandon Maurer pitched the ninth for his second save in as many chances . Zack Greinke ( 1 - 2 ) gave up one run and five hits in eight innings , struck out six and walked one . Aybar hit a solo homer with one out in the eighth off Greinke to give the Padres a 1 - 0 lead . It was his fourth . Greinke struck out six and walked one . The Diamondbacks lost for the fourth time in five games . Chacin retired the first 10 batters before Jeff Mathis lined out to shortstop Nick Ahmed . Brandon Maurer pitched the ninth for his second save in as many chances . The Diamondbacks were shut out for the third time this season . The Padres , who have the worst record in the majors , have won six of their last eight games . The Padres , who have the worst record in the majors , have won six of their last eight games . The Padres , who have the worst record in the majors , have won six of their last eight games . The Padres , who have the worst record in the majors , have won six of their last eight games . They have won six of their last seven overall .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- The Tampa Bay Rays are finally starting to find a way to win . Kevin Kiermaier scored the winning run on Logan Morrison 's bases-loaded grounder in the ninth inning , and the Rays beat the Detroit Tigers 8 - 7 on Wednesday night . The Rays , who have the best record in the majors , have won six of their last seven games . Austin Pruitt ( 1 - 0 ) struck out five in 3 1/3 scoreless innings for his first major league win . Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 1 ) walked Kevin Kiermaier to start the ninth and Evan Longoria followed with a double . After Brad Miller was intentionally walked , Rodriguez struck out Steven Souza Jr. on a 3 - 2 pitch to load the bases . Rodriguez ( 1 - 1 ) struck out Steven Souza Jr. to end the threat . Austin Pruitt ( 1 - 0 ) struck out five in 3 1/3 scoreless innings for his first major league win . Castellanos hit a three - run triple off Danny Farquhar in the sixth to put Tampa Bay up 7 - 5 . Steven Souza Jr. had a run-scoring single off Alex Wilson in the seventh for the Rays , who have lost four of five . The Rays took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Evan Longoria 's RBI single and Steven Souza Jr. 's RBI single . Detroit got within 2 - 1 in the third when Ian Kinsler singled , stole second and scored on Miguel Cabrera 's single . The Rays took a 5 - 1 lead in the fourth when Shane Peterson doubled and scored on Corey Dickerson 's two - out single . Kevin Kiermaier doubled and Longoria hit a two - run single to make it 5 - 1 . Archer gave up four runs and seven hits in five - plus innings . He struck out nine and walked two .
HOUSTON -- Charlie Morton was n't happy with his first major league win . Morton pitched five scoreless innings for his first major league win and the Houston Astros beat the Los Angeles Angels 3 - 0 on Friday night . Morton ( 1 - 1 ) allowed five hits and struck out three to win for the first time in five career starts . Ken Giles pitched a perfect ninth for his third save . Jesse Chavez ( 1 - 2 ) allowed seven hits and two runs -- one earned -- with five strikeouts in seven innings for the loss . Josh Reddick doubled to start the eighth and scored on a double by Jose Altuve to push the lead to 3 - 0 . Evan Gattis singled with one out in the second inning before scoring on a single by Bregman to make it 1 - 0 . George Springer singled to start the bottom of the third and advanced to third on a single by Josh Reddick . Springer scored on a sacrifice fly by Altuve to push the lead to 2 - 0 . The Angels had runners on first and second with one out in the fifth , but Cron lined out to shortstop and Andrelton Simmons grounded out to end the inning . The Angels did n't get another baserunner until Mike Trout walked with one out in the fifth inning . Kole Calhoun then reached on an error by third baseman Marwin Gonzalez , but Andrelton Simmons grounded out to end the inning . Chris Devenski relieved Devenski with two outs in the seventh inning and struck out four . Reddick doubled to start the eighth and scored on Altuve 's double off Yusmeiro Petit .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- Taijuan Walker did n't have his best stuff . Walker allowed one run and four hits in five innings , struck out seven and walked one to lead the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 3 - 1 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Friday night . Walker ( 2 - 1 ) was making his second start since coming off the disabled list because of a strained right hamstring . He was activated from the disabled list before the game after being sidelined by a strained left hamstring . Arizona manager Kirk Gibson said Walker would be evaluated on Wednesday . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his fourth save in four chances . Rich Hill ( 1 - 1 ) gave up two runs and five hits in three innings , struck out two and walked two in his second start of the season . The right-hander was making his first start since Sept. 2 , 2007 , when he left with a strained muscle in his left side . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on Iannetta 's leadoff homer and Lamb 's bases-loaded walk . The Dodgers got their run back in the fourth when Yasmani Grandal scored on a two - out double by Yasiel Puig . The Diamondbacks extended their lead to 3 - 1 in the seventh on Paul Goldschmidt 's RBI single off Sergio Romo . The Diamondbacks extended their lead to 3 - 1 in the seventh on Paul Goldschmidt 's RBI single off Sergio Romo . Archie Bradley pitched 2 2/3 innings of one - hit ball , striking out Andrew Toles to start the eighth . Justin Turner singled with two outs , but Jorge De La Rosa retired Adrian Gonzalez on a grounder to second to end the inning . The Dodgers have lost four of five .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Avisail Garcia 's first home run of the season was a big one . Garcia hit a tiebreaking , two - run shot in the 10th inning and the Chicago White Sox beat the Minnesota Twins 3 - 1 on Sunday to complete a three - game sweep . Garcia had four hits , including a two - run homer in the top of the 10th that gave the White Sox a 3 - 1 lead . Leury Garcia led off the 10th with a double off Ryan Pressly ( 0 - 2 ) and advanced to third on Tyler Saladino 's sacrifice bunt . Pressly struck out Jose Abreu before Garcia hit his second homer of the season . Garcia went 4 - for - 5 with two RBIs . Nate Jones ( 1 - 0 ) struck out two in a perfect ninth for the win . Matt Belisle gave up a run in the eighth on a sacrifice fly by Matt Davidson . Twins starter Hector Santiago allowed six hits and struck out six in seven innings . Shields gave up one run on five hits with five strikeouts and three walks in six innings . Brian Dozier led off the fifth with a homer for the Twins , who have lost six of their last seven games . The Twins have lost five of their last six games . Brian Dozier led off the bottom of the fifth with his second home run of the season to give the Twins a 1 - 0 lead . It was his fourth of the season and second in as many games . The Twins were 1 for 12 with runners in scoring position . Dozier led off the fifth inning with his second homer of the season to give the Twins a 1 - 0 lead . It was his fourth of the season and second in as many games . The Twins were 1 for 12 with runners in scoring position . Dozier led off the fifth inning with his second home run of the season to give the Twins a 1 - 0 lead .
TORONTO ( AP ) -- Trey Mancini was n't sure if he 'd ever hit two home runs in a game . Mancini hit two home runs and drove in four runs to lead the Baltimore Orioles to an 11 - 4 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night . Mancini , who had two homers and eight RBIs in his first two major league games , went 3 - for - 5 with four RBIs and scored twice . Trey Mancini homered twice and drove in four runs , and J. J. Hardy had three hits and an RBI for the Orioles , who won for the fourth time in five games . Mancini hit a two - run homer off Matt Dermody in the eighth and a two - run shot in the eighth . Dylan Bundy ( 2 - 1 ) allowed five hits in six shutout innings , walked one and struck out six . Troy Tulowitzki had two hits and drove in a run for the Blue Jays , who lost for the fifth time in six games . Kevin Pillar hit a two - run homer off Vidal Nuno in the ninth for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . J. A. Happ ( 0 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked none and struck out three . The Orioles chased Blue Jays right-hander Ryan Tepera in the sixth . Mark Trumbo led off with a single and moved to second on a wild pitch before Chris Davis walked . After Welington Castillo flied out , Mancini hit a 2 - 2 pitch into the left-field bullpen for his first home run of the season . Ryan Goins followed with a double , but Pillar was thrown out at the plate trying to score on Ryan Goins ' double .
LOS ANGELES -- Clayton Kershaw was n't going to let the game get away from him . Kershaw struck out eight in a career-high 8 1/3 innings and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7 - 1 on Wednesday night . Kershaw ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and four hits , struck out eight and walked one in his longest outing of the season . The left-hander has allowed one earned run and four hits in 13 innings over his last two starts . The Dodgers ' only run came in the ninth when pinch-hitter Chris Iannetta led off with a single and scored on Chris Owings ' one - out double . Pedro Baez came in and walked Paul Goldschmidt before striking out Yasmany Tomas and getting Brandon Drury to ground into a fielder 's choice . Zack Greinke ( 1 - 1 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in five innings , struck out four and walked three . The Diamondbacks have lost five of their last six games . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI single by Adrian Gonzalez and an RBI single by Logan Forsythe . Turner 's two - run double extended the Dodgers ' lead to 4 - 0 in the fourth . The Dodgers extended their lead to 5 - 0 in the fifth on a single by Logan Forsythe , a single by Yasmani Grandal and a sacrifice fly by Yasiel Puig . The Dodgers extended their lead to 7 - 0 in the eighth on Toles ' two - run homer off Randall Delgado . The Diamondbacks loaded the bases with one out in the fourth on a single by Chris Owings , a walk to Paul Goldschmidt and a wild pitch . Kershaw escaped the jam by striking out Yasmany Tomas and getting Brandon Drury to ground out . The Dodgers extended their lead to 7 - 0 in the eighth on Toles ' two - run homer off Randall Delgado .
PITTSBURGH -- The Pittsburgh Pirates are finally starting to find a way to win . Nick Markakis and Brandon Phillips led off the 10th inning with consecutive singles to lead the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 6 - 5 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Friday night . The Pirates won for only the second time in their last 10 games at PNC Park this season . Gregory Polanco led off the bottom of the ninth with a single against Jim Johnson and Josh Bell walked . After Jordy Mercer popped out , Johnson walked David Freese to load the bases . Marte then hit a drive to right for his second homer of the season and the first of his career . Trevor Williams pitched two scoreless innings in relief of Trevor Williams , who struck out the side in the ninth . Gregory Polanco led off the bottom of the ninth with a single against Jim Johnson and scored on Francisco Cervelli 's fielder 's choice to tie it . The Braves scored two runs in the first on Dansby Swanson 's first homer of the season and Nick Markakis ' RBI single . The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the fourth when Starling Marte led off with a single and scored on Josh Bell 's double . Jordy Mercer followed with an RBI single to tie it at 2 . Freeman hit his second homer of the game in the fifth to give Atlanta a 3 - 2 lead . Freeman hit his second homer of the season off Antonio Bastardo in the seventh to give Atlanta a 4 - 2 lead . The Pirates scored an unearned run off Arodys Vizcaino in the eighth . Josh Harrison was hit by a pitch with one out and moved to second on Adam Frazier 's single . Marte followed with a single to right , but Andrew McCutchen grounded into a double play to end the inning .
MILWAUKEE -- Kyle Hendricks is making the most of his opportunity . Hendricks won for the first time in more than a year , and the Chicago Cubs beat the Milwaukee Brewers 11 - 6 on Tuesday night . Hendricks ( 1 - 0 ) allowed four runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked one . Kris Bryant had three hits and three RBIs for the Cubs , including a two - run double in Chicago 's three - run third that gave the Cubs a 3 - 2 lead . Nick Franklin hit a two - run homer in the fourth to tie it at 4 . The Cubs scored three runs in the fifth off Jhan Marinez ( 0 - 2 ) , who was making his major league debut . Addison Russell doubled with one out and moved to third on Anthony Rizzo 's fielder 's choice . Addison Russell walked to load the bases , and Contreras hit a two - run double down the right-field line to make it 9 - 4 . Javier Baez followed with a two - run single to make it 11 - 4 . Bandy hit a two - run homer off Justin Grimm in the ninth . Jhan Marinez ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in 2 1/3 innings . The Brewers grabbed a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Jonathan Villar led off with a home run , Eric Thames singled and scored on a double by Travis Shaw to make it 2 - 0 . The Cubs regained the lead in the third on Kris Bryant 's two - run double and Zobrist 's run-scoring fielder 's choice . Bryant 's RBI single made it 4 - 2 in the fourth .
DETROIT -- Jordan Zimmermann 's first major league win was a memorable one . The Detroit right-hander allowed one run in six innings in his first start of the season , and the Tigers beat the Boston Red Sox 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Zimmermann ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits , walking one and striking out three . Justin Wilson pitched a perfect ninth for his first save . Eduardo Rodriguez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and five hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out five . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Mitch Moreland led off with a double , took third on Pablo Sandoval 's flyout and scored on a sacrifice fly by Jackie Bradley Jr. . Jose Iglesias tied it in the bottom of the third with a solo homer , his first of the year . The Tigers made it 4 - 1 in the fifth . McCann 's fifth homer of the season made it 2 - 1 , and Jose Iglesias added an RBI double . Ian Kinsler added an RBI single to make it 4 - 1 . The Red Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh , but Shane Greene struck out Brock Holt to end the inning . The Red Sox threatened in the eighth , but Kyle Ryan got Pablo Sandoval to ground into a double play .
PITTSBURGH -- Ivan Nova is making the most of his opportunity . Nova pitched six strong innings for his first major league win , and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Atlanta Braves 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Nova ( 1 - 0 ) gave up one unearned run and six hits , striking out four and walking none . The Braves scored three runs in the eighth off Wade LeBlanc to pull within 5 - 4 , but the Braves did n't score again after loading the bases with one out in the ninth against Wade LeBlanc . Tony Watson worked a perfect ninth for his first save . Mike Foltynewicz ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 3 2/3 innings , walking three and striking out one . The Pirates scored their first run in the third when Starling Marte was hit by a pitch , took third on Josh Bell 's single and scored on Andrew McCutchen 's single . The Pirates made it 2 - 0 in the fourth when Jordy Mercer singled , moved up on Ivan Nova 's sacrifice and scored on Starling Marte 's single to center . The Braves scored in the fifth when Emilio Bonifacio reached on third baseman Adonis Garcia 's two - base throwing error and scored on Ender Inciarte 's double . Freese and Cervelli hit back-to-back homers off Josh Collmenter in the fifth to give Atlanta a 4 - 1 lead . The Pirates added an unearned run off Chaz Roe in the seventh . Francisco Cervelli walked and scored on Nick Markakis ' double . Brandon Phillips ' two - run single off Daniel Hudson cut it to 5 - 4 , but Hudson got Adonis Garcia to ground into an inning-ending double play .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Eduardo Escobar is making the most of his opportunity . Escobar hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs to lead the Minnesota Twins to a 9 - 1 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Friday night . Escobar 's homer capped a nine - run seventh inning for the Twins , who have won four of their last five games . Escobar has been one of the few bright spots for the shortstop , who went 2 - for - 4 with a homer and four RBIs . Sano 's triple in the seventh off Nathan Karns gave the Twins a 6 - 1 lead . Hector Santiago ( 1 - 0 ) gave up one run on four hits with four strikeouts and two walks in five innings for his first major league win . Ian Kennedy ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs on three hits and five walks in five innings for the Royals , who have lost five of their last six games . The Royals have lost five of their last six games . The Twins jumped on Kennedy for three runs in the second inning . Lorenzo Cain and Eric Hosmer singled with one out , and Paulo Orlando followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 1 . The Royals got a run back in the fourth on Paulo Orlando 's two - out single that scored Lorenzo Cain , who had singled and moved to second on Eric Hosmer 's single . Santiago was replaced by Tyler Duffey after Mike Moustakas led off the sixth with a single , but Tyler Duffey retired the next three batters to end the inning .
MIAMI ( AP ) -- The Miami Marlins ' offense finally got to Dan Straily . Straily struck out a career-high 10 in 6 2/3 innings , and Howie Kendrick scored the go-ahead run on a throwing error by shortstop JT Riddle in the sixth inning , leading the Marlins to a 10 - 2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Friday night . Straily ( 4 - 3 ) allowed two runs , one earned , and nine hits . He walked one and lowered his ERA to 3.56 over 6 2/3 innings . The Phillies scored three runs in the first off Aaron Nola ( 2 - 3 ) , who was making his second start of the season . Ozuna hit a two - run homer in the first . The Marlins scored three runs in the fifth off Ricardo Pinto , who was making his major league debut . Nola ( 2 - 3 ) gave up four runs and five hits in three innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Marlins scored three runs in the first inning . Dee Gordon led off with a walk , stole second and scored on Christian Yelich 's one - out single . Ozuna then drove a 3 - 1 pitch over the wall in center for a 3 - 0 lead . The Marlins made it 4 - 0 in the third on a single by Dee Gordon , a single by Riddle and an RBI single by Ozuna . Bour led off the fifth with a homer off Ricardo Pinto to make it 6 - 0 . Derek Dietrich followed with a single , A. J. Ellis walked and Dee Gordon hit an RBI single . Riddle added a sacrifice fly to make it 8 - 0 . Bour 's two - run homer off Jeanmar Gomez in the sixth made it 10 - 1 .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Dodgers are starting to feel good about themselves . Chase Utley , Cody Bellinger and Chase Utley all homered for the Dodgers , and Yasiel Puig added two hits and an RBI in a 5 - 1 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . The Dodgers have won four of their last five and are a season-best seven games above .500 . Hill ( 2 - 2 ) gave up one run and two hits in five innings , striking out four and walking two . Mike Leake ( 5 - 3 ) gave up four runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked one . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a leadoff homer by Utley and an RBI single by Corey Seager . Bellinger homered in the fourth for a 3 - 0 lead . It was his fifth of the season and second in two games . Tommy Pham drew a one - out walk in the fourth and Matt Carpenter was hit by a pitch with one out . Pham scored on Jedd Gyorko 's sacrifice fly to cut the Dodgers ' lead to 3 - 1 . The Dodgers added a run in the seventh on a walk to Chris Taylor and a single by Chase Utley . Yasiel Puig 's sacrifice fly made it 4 - 1 . Sergio Romo pitched the seventh , giving up a double to Paul DeJong , but pinch-hitter Greg Garcia struck out to end the inning . Paul DeJong doubled with one out in the seventh and Jose Martinez reached on an error by Seager at shortstop that allowed Martinez to reach safely . Pinch-hitter Greg Garcia struck out to end the inning . Forsythe led off the eighth with a homer off Kevin Siegrist , who was making his major league debut .
WASHINGTON -- Stephen Strasburg has been one of the few bright spots for the NL East leaders . Strasburg struck out a career-high 15 in seven shutout innings , and the Washington Nationals beat the San Diego Padres 3 - 0 on Friday night . Strasburg ( 6 - 1 ) allowed three hits , walked one and threw 76 of his 108 pitches for strikes . In the sixth , Yangervis Solarte led off with a single and took second on Hunter Renfroe 's one - out single . Strasburg then struck out Cory Spangenberg and Austin Hedges to end the inning . The Nationals , who have won six of their last seven games , improved to 5 - 0 against Strasburg this season . The Nationals had runners on first and second with one out in the sixth , but Strasburg struck out Cory Spangenberg and Austin Hedges to end the inning . Koda Glover worked the ninth for his fifth save in seven chances . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Strasburg led off with a single , took third on a double by Jayson Werth and scored on a grounder by Bryce Harper . Taylor 's two - run homer in the sixth off Clayton Richard ( 3 - 6 ) made it 3 - 0 . Richard allowed three runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth . Anthony Rendon led off with a double , moved to third on a groundout and scored on Taylor 's homer . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Strasburg led off with a single , took third on a double by Jayson Werth and scored on a grounder by Bryce Harper .
PITTSBURGH -- The Pittsburgh Pirates had a chance to win the game . John Jaso singled in the winning run with two outs in the 10th inning to give the Pirates a 5 - 4 victory over the New York Mets on Wednesday night . The Pirates won for only the second time in their last 10 games at PNC Park . Pinch-hitter John Jaso 's two - out single in the ninth off Addison Reed scored Gift Ngoepe , but Josh Bell lined out to right to end the game . David Freese singled with one out in the 10th off Tyler Pill ( 0 - 1 ) and was replaced by pinch-runner Gift Ngoepe . Andrew McCutchen was hit by a pitch and Francisco Cervelli walked to load the bases . Tony Watson ( 3 - 1 ) struck out Travis d'Arnaud on three pitches to end the threat . Pinch-hitter John Jaso 's RBI single tied it in the bottom of the ninth but Addison Reed got Josh Bell to line out to first to end the game . Jay Bruce hit a solo homer in the first for New York , which has lost four of five . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a leadoff triple by Curtis Granderson and an RBI single by Travis d'Arnaud . Travis d'Arnaud hit a solo homer in the fourth for New York . Duda hit a solo homer in the fifth to put the Mets up 4 - 2 . McCutchen 's RBI double cut it to 4 - 3 in the sixth .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- Brandon McCarthy was n't going to let the game get away from him . McCarthy pitched six innings of two - hit ball and struck out six , leading the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 5 - 0 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Friday night . McCarthy ( 5 - 1 ) was making his second start since coming off the disabled list because of a strained right hamstring . He allowed two hits and one walk in six innings , struck out six and walked one . Chase Utley drove in three runs with a bases-loaded single in the fifth , and Chris Taylor added a two - run homer in the Dodgers ' fifth win in six games . John Lackey ( 4 - 5 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings , struck out five and walked four . The right-hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts , and is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Cubs have lost five of their last six games . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Enrique Hernandez hit a two - out double and scored on Utley 's single to right . The Dodgers extended their lead to 5 - 0 in the fifth on Chris Taylor 's two - run homer and Chase Utley 's two - run single after Brandon McCarthy drew a leadoff walk . The Cubs did n't get another baserunner until Ian Happ singled with two outs in the fourth for the Cubs ' first hit . The Cubs did n't get a runner past first base until Ian Happ 's two - out single in the fourth . Montero led off the eighth with a single , but Stripling struck out Addison Russell and got Albert Almora Jr. to ground into a fielder 's choice before Kyle Schwarber grounded out to end the inning . Ross Stripling pitched three scoreless innings for his first save .
NEW YORK -- The Oakland Athletics had a lot to do with it . Jed Lowrie and Khris Davis hit consecutive RBI singles with two outs in the eighth inning , and the A 's beat the New York Yankees 4 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The A 's won for only the second time in eight games . Sean Manaea ( 3 - 3 ) gave up four hits in seven innings , striking out eight and walking one . Santiago Casilla gave up Didi Gregorius ' sacrifice fly in the ninth before retiring pinch-hitter Gary Sanchez on a popup for the final out . Masahiro Tanaka ( 5 - 4 ) struck out a career-high 13 in 7 1/3 innings . He allowed five hits and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Adam Rosales singled with one out in the eighth off Tanaka ( 5 - 4 ) , then stole second and went to third on Starlin Castro 's single . Davis stole second and scored on Jed Lowrie 's single . Mark Canha followed with a sharp grounder to the right side , but Rajai Davis threw out Canha at the plate to end the inning . Trevor Plouffe led off the ninth with a single against Jonathan Holder , and Vogt followed with his second homer of the season . The Yankees had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Chase Headley grounded into an inning-ending double play . Starlin Castro and Aaron Judge singled with one out in the seventh for the Yankees ' first hit . The Yankees loaded the bases with one out in the ninth against Santiago Casilla , but pinch-hitter Gary Sanchez popped out to end it .
PHILADELPHIA -- Tyler Chatwood was n't in the mood to celebrate . Chatwood pitched one - hit ball for seven shutout innings , and the Colorado Rockies beat the Philadelphia Phillies 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Chatwood ( 4 - 6 ) struck out eight and walked four . He had been 0 - 3 in his last four starts . The Rockies scored six runs in the third off Jeremy Hellickson ( 5 - 2 ) . Charlie Blackmon had a two - run single and Gerardo Parra added a sacrifice fly . Jeremy Hellickson ( 5 - 2 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . Hellickson gave up a leadoff double to Trevor Story in the third and walked Tony Wolters , who advanced to second on Chatwood 's sacrifice bunt . Charlie Blackmon followed with a two - run single to right . DJ LeMahieu singled and Nolan Arenado singled in a run before Gonzalez hit a three - run shot to right . The Rockies have scored six runs in their last four games . Saunders hit a two - run shot off Mike Dunn in the eighth to make it 7 - 2 . Saunders hit a two - run homer off Mike Dunn in the eighth to make it 7 - 2 . The Phillies , who entered the game with the worst record in the majors , have lost six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won five of their last six games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won five of their last six games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won five of their last six games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won five of their last six games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won five of their last six games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won five of their last six games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won five of their last six games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won five of their last six games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won five of their last six games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies have won six of
NEW YORK -- The San Diego Padres finally found a way to win . Hunter Renfroe hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth inning and the Padres rallied to beat the New York Mets 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Padres won for the seventh time in nine games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . They have won six of their last seven overall . Renfroe hit a tiebreaking homer in the seventh inning for the Padres , who have won four of five . Renfroe hit a leadoff homer in the eighth off Josh Smoker ( 0 - 2 ) . The Mets loaded the bases with no outs in the ninth against Brad Hand on a single by Neil Walker , a walk to Lucas Duda and a single by Wilmer Flores . Wilmer Flores hit a three - run double and Curtis Granderson added an RBI single for a 4 - 1 lead . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Luis Torrens led off with a single , advanced on Jarred Cosart 's sacrifice bunt and scored on Yangervis Solarte 's single . The Mets took a 4 - 1 lead in the third on Flores ' three - run double and Granderson 's RBI single . Conforto added an RBI single in the fourth off Jose Torres . Solarte hit a two - run double in the fifth to cut it to 5 - 3 . The Padres loaded the bases with two outs against Fernando Salas in the seventh , but Josh Edgin came in and retired Ryan Schimpf on a popup . Josh Edgin came on and got Ryan Schimpf to pop out to end the inning .
CHICAGO -- Kyle Hendricks is n't going to let a lot of things happen . Hendricks won for the first time in more than a month and the Chicago Cubs beat the San Francisco Giants 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Hendricks ( 4 - 2 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five without a walk . Wade Davis gave up a two - run homer to Mac Williamson in the ninth before striking out Joe Panik for his 10th save in 10 chances . Matt Moore ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Cubs took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth when Addison Russell singled , took third on Miguel Montero 's single and scored on Javier Baez 's sacrifice fly . The Cubs added a run in the seventh when Miguel Montero led off with a double and scored when George Kontos threw away a sacrifice bunt by Javier Baez . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Brandon Crawford doubled and scored on a fielder 's choice by Christian Arroyo . Rizzo tied it in the bottom half with his second homer of the season . Span led off the third with his second homer of the season to put the Giants up 2 - 1 . Rizzo tied it in the bottom half with his second homer of the game , a drive to right that tied it at 2 . It was his fourth multihomer game of the season and first since May 7 . The Cubs added a run in the seventh when Miguel Montero led off with a double and scored when George Kontos threw away a sacrifice bunt by Baez .
BALTIMORE -- The last time Ervin Santana was on the mound , he did n't get a decision in a game at Camden Yards . Santana pitched a two - hitter for his second shutout of the season , and the Minnesota Twins beat the Baltimore Orioles 2 - 0 on Wednesday night . Santana ( 7 - 2 ) struck out six and walked two in his fourth complete game of the season and second of his career . The right-hander has allowed two runs or fewer in six of his last seven starts . Santana retired the first 11 batters before Adam Jones led off the bottom of the ninth with a walk . Dylan Bundy ( 5 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked three . The Orioles have lost four straight and six of seven . The Twins went up 1 - 0 in the fifth when Jorge Polanco drew a leadoff walk and took third on a single by Jason Castro . Buxton followed with an RBI single . Dozier made it 2 - 0 in the seventh with a drive to right that traveled an estimated 442 feet . It was his sixth of the season and second in two games . Bundy has been one of the few bright spots for the right-hander , who has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . Dozier made it 2 - 0 in the seventh with his 12th home run , a drive to right that traveled an estimated 448 feet . The Twins went up 1 - 0 in the fifth when Jorge Polanco drew a leadoff walk , took third on a single by Castro and scored on a single by Byron Buxton . It was the first time this season the Orioles have been shut out .
WASHINGTON -- Anthony Rendon 's first three - homer game of the season was a big one . Rendon homered twice and drove in five runs to lead the Washington Nationals to a 10 - 1 rout of the Seattle Mariners on Friday night . Rendon , who had three hits , hit a two - run homer in Washington 's 10 - 0 rout of the Mariners in the fourth inning . He became the first Nationals player to hit three home runs in a game since Hall of Famer Harmon Killebrew in 2000 . Rendon became the first player in major league history to hit three home runs in a game , and the first to do it in the majors this season . Ross ( 2 - 0 ) allowed one run and five hits , struck out six and walked none in eight innings . Jayson Werth and Jayson Werth each hit a two - run homer during Washington 's six - run fourth inning . Ross ( 2 - 0 ) struck out six and walked none in his longest outing of the season . He threw 68 of his 101 pitches for strikes . Mike Zunino and Jean Segura had two hits apiece for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Christian Bergman ( 1 - 2 ) gave up 10 runs and 14 hits in four - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . He walked two and struck out none . The Mariners have lost three straight and six of their last seven . Rendon hit a two - run homer in the second inning to give the Nationals a 2 - 0 lead . It was his third multihomer game of the season and second this season . It was the first time this season the Nationals have hit three home runs in a game . The Mariners , who have lost five of their last six games , fell to 0 - 4 on their 10-game road trip . The Mariners have lost six of their last seven games .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago Cubs have been waiting for Jon Lester to get back on track . Lester pitched a four - hitter for his first career complete game and struck out 10 to lead the Chicago Cubs to a 4 - 1 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night . Lester ( 3 - 2 ) threw a four - hitter for his second complete game of the season and lowered his ERA to 3.19 . He threw 70 of his 99 pitches for strikes . Buster Posey led off the fifth with a double and scored on Brandon Crawford 's one - out double . Eduardo Nunez singled to put runners at the corners , but Gorkys Hernandez struck out to end the inning . Lester ( 3 - 2 ) struck out 10 and did n't walk a batter in his second complete game of the season . He threw 99 pitches , 70 for strikes . Lester retired the first 10 batters before Buster Posey led off the fifth with a double . He struck out Justin Ruggiano before Brandon Crawford lined a double down the left-field line to cut the Giants ' lead to 4 - 1 . Eduardo Nunez singled to put runners at the corners , but Gorkys Hernandez struck out to end the inning . Lester 's only mistake came in the fifth , when he gave up a leadoff double to Buster Posey and an RBI double to Brandon Crawford . Eduardo Nunez singled to put runners on first and third , but Gorkys Hernandez struck out to end the inning . Lester was n't quite as sharp as he 's been all season , but he did n't walk a batter and struck out 10 in his second complete game of the season . Lester retired the first 10 batters he faced before Buster Posey led off the fifth with a double . He struck out Justin Ruggiano before Brandon Crawford hit an RBI double . Eduardo Nunez singled to put runners at the corners , but Gorkys Hernandez struck out to end the inning . Lester was n't quite as sharp as he 's been all season , but he did n't walk a batter and threw 70 of his 99 pitches for strikes . He struck out 10 and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Lester retired the first 10 batters he faced before Buster Posey led off the fifth with a double . He struck out Justin Ruggiano before Brandon Crawford hit an RBI double . Eduardo Nunez singled to put runners at the corners , but Gorkys Hernandez struck out to end the inning . Lester was n't quite as sharp as he 's been all season , but he did n't walk a batter and threw 70 of his 99 pitches for strikes . He walked none and struck out a season-high 10 . Lester retired the first 10 batters before Buster Posey led off the fifth with a double . He struck out Justin Ruggiano before Brandon Crawford hit an RBI double . Eduardo Nunez singled to put runners at first and third , but Gorkys Hernandez struck out to end the inning . Lester 's only mistake came in the fifth , when he gave up a leadoff double to Buster Posey and an RBI double to Brandon Crawford . Eduardo Nunez singled to put runners on first and third , but Gorkys Hernandez struck out to end the inning . Lester was n't quite as sharp as he 's been all season , but he did n't walk a batter and struck out 10 in his second complete game of the season . He did not walk a batter for the second time this season . Lester retired the first 10 batters before Buster Posey led off the fifth with a double . He struck out Justin Ruggiano before Brandon Crawford doubled to the gap in left-center . Eduardo Nunez singled to put runners at the corners , but Gorkys Hernandez struck out to end the inning . Lester 's only mistake came in the fifth , when he gave up a leadoff double to Buster Posey and an RBI double to Brandon Crawford . Eduardo Nunez singled to put runners on first and third , but Gorkys Hernandez struck out to end the inning . Lester was n't quite as sharp as he 's been all season , but he did n't walk a batter and struck out 10 in his second complete game of the season . He did not walk a batter for the second time this season . Lester retired the first 10 batters before Buster Posey led off the fifth with a double . He struck out Justin Ruggiano before Brandon Crawford doubled to the gap in left-center . Eduardo Nunez singled to put runners at the corners , but Gorkys Hernandez struck out to end the inning . Lester 's only mistake came in the fifth , when he gave up a leadoff double to Buster Posey and an RBI double to Brandon Crawford . Eduardo Nunez singled to put runners on first and third , but Gorkys Hernandez struck out to end the inning . Lester was n't quite as sharp as he 's been all season , but he did n't walk a batter and struck out 10 in his second complete game of the season . He did not walk a batter for the second time this season . Lester retired the first 10 batters before Buster Posey led off the fifth with a double . He struck out Justin Ruggiano before Brandon Crawford doubled to the gap in left-center . Eduardo Nunez singled to put runners at the corners , but Gorkys Hernandez
DETROIT -- Yu Darvish did n't have his best stuff . Darvish allowed two runs and five hits in five innings , and the Texas Rangers beat the Detroit Tigers 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Darvish ( 5 - 2 ) allowed two runs and five hits , walking four and striking out seven . He has allowed two runs or fewer in six of his last seven starts . Ian Kinsler hit a solo homer in the first for Detroit , but the Tigers could n't get anything going against Darvish . Keone Kela pitched a perfect ninth for his first save . Matt Boyd ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs and 12 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three without a walk . The Tigers have lost four of five . Ian Kinsler tied the game with a homer in the bottom of the first . Alex Avila followed with a walk and Miguel Cabrera singled to put runners at the corners , but Darvish got out of the jam by striking out J. D. Martinez and getting Tyler Collins to fly out . The Tigers tied it in the bottom of the inning on Miguel Cabrera 's RBI single . Napoli 's homer in the fifth was the only other run allowed by Boyd . Kozma 's homer made it 4 - 2 in the sixth . The Rangers added a run in the ninth on Jonathan Lucroy 's RBI double off Blaine Hardy .
SAN DIEGO -- Robbie Ray is making a strong case for a spot in the rotation . Ray pitched two - hit ball for 7 2/3 innings and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the San Diego Padres 9 - 1 on Wednesday night . Ray ( 3 - 3 ) struck out six and walked three . Chris Herrmann hit a two - run homer in Arizona 's five - run first inning , and Paul Goldschmidt and Jake Lamb each drove in two runs . Luis Perdomo ( 0 - 1 ) gave up eight runs and 11 hits in three - plus innings . He struck out two and walked one . The Diamondbacks jumped on Perdomo for five runs in the first inning . Goldschmidt singled in Chris Owings and David Peralta , and Lamb followed with an RBI double . Yasmany Tomas hit a two - run single with two outs in the second to give Arizona a 7 - 0 lead . Arizona added a run in the fourth when Peralta singled and scored on Lamb 's single off Jose Valdez . Arizona added a run in the fourth when Peralta singled and scored on Lamb 's single off Jose Valdez . The Padres loaded the bases with one out in the sixth on a single by Erick Aybar , a walk to Erick Aybar and a one - out walk to Manuel Margot . Ray Wilhelmsen came on and got Matt Szczur to hit into a fielder 's choice before Wil Myers lined out to first to end the threat . The Padres loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth , but Tom Wilhelmsen struck out Wil Myers on three pitches to end the threat . The Padres loaded the bases with two outs in the ninth against J. J. Hoover on a walk to Renfroe and a single by Cory Spangenberg , a single by Spangenberg and an RBI single by Allen Cordoba .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- The Baltimore Orioles found a way to win . Welington Castillo hit a three - run homer in the seventh inning and the Orioles beat the Toronto Blue Jays 7 - 5 on Wednesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Orioles have won six of their last seven games . Castillo hit a three - run homer off Mychal Givens ( 5 - 0 ) in the seventh to give Toronto a 5 - 4 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Danny Barnes ( 0 - 2 ) this season . Darren O'Day worked a 1 - 2 - 2 eighth and Aaron Loup got the final three outs . The Blue Jays got a first-inning run when Kevin Pillar singled and scored on a double by Kendrys Morales . Toronto tied it in the bottom half when Adam Jones singled and scored on a two - out single by Mark Trumbo . Machado led off the bottom half with a drive to center , his fourth of the season and second in two games . Trumbo hit a three - run drive in the fifth to make it 4 - 1 . Smoak hit a solo shot in the sixth , and Devon Travis doubled with one out before Gausman struck out Russell Martin and Darwin Barney to end the inning . The Blue Jays took a 5 - 4 lead in the seventh . Kevin Pillar reached on an error and scored on a wild pitch by Richard Bleier . Bolsinger allowed four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings , walking five and striking out five . Blue Jays right-hander Mike Bolsinger gave up four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- The Chicago Cubs are finally starting to find a way to win . Eugenio Suarez hit a two - run single in a five - run seventh inning , and the Cubs beat the Cincinnati Reds 7 - 5 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Cubs won for the seventh time in nine games and improved to 5 - 1 on their 10-game homestand . Kyle Hendricks ( 3 - 2 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . Wade Davis pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save in as many chances . Scott Feldman ( 2 - 4 ) gave up seven runs -- five earned -- and five hits in 2 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Cubs took a 5 - 1 lead in the second when Ian Happ drew a leadoff walk and scored on Addison Russell 's fielder 's choice grounder . Ben Zobrist led off the third with a double and scored on Hendricks ' sacrifice bunt . Jon Jay added an RBI single to make it 7 - 2 . The Reds got three runs in the seventh off Mike Montgomery , who was making his major league debut . Adam Duvall 's two - out RBI single and Eugenio Suarez 's two - run double cut it to 7 - 5 . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Billy Hamilton led off with a single , stole second and scored on Zack Cozart 's single . The Cubs responded with five runs in the second . Happ drew a leadoff walk , Ben Zobrist singled and Addison Russell drove in a run with a fielder 's choice . Miguel Montero walked and Feldman hit Jon Jay with a pitch to load the bases before Schwarber 's two - run single made it 3 - 1 . Cozart led off the third with his second homer of the season , cutting it to 5 - 2 . Adam Duvall singled with one out , but Hendricks got Jose Peraza to ground into a fielder 's choice .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Eduardo Rodriguez did n't have his best stuff . Rodriguez gave up three runs in six innings , and the Boston Red Sox beat the St. Louis Cardinals 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Rodriguez ( 2 - 1 ) gave up three runs and five hits with five strikeouts and two walks . The Red Sox won for the fifth time in six games and improved to 5 - 0 against the Cardinals this season . The Red Sox scored three times in the eighth to take a 6 - 3 lead . Christian Vazquez hit a sacrifice fly off Miguel Socolovich and Tommy Pham had a sacrifice fly for a 6 - 3 lead . Craig Kimbrel worked a perfect ninth for his 12th save in 13 chances . Lance Lynn ( 4 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and three hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Cardinals have lost four of five . The Red Sox took a 4 - 3 lead in the fifth on an RBI groundout by Mookie Betts and an RBI single by Dustin Pedroia . Bradley hit a solo homer in the second for the Red Sox , who have won four of five . The Cardinals took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Dexter Fowler and a sacrifice fly by Carpenter . The Red Sox regained the lead in the fifth . Jackie Bradley Jr. drew a leadoff walk and Deven Marrero reached on an error by third baseman Jedd Gyorko . After Rodriguez grounded out , Mookie Betts drove in a run with a groundout and Pedroia followed with an RBI single to put the Red Sox up 4 - 3 . The Red Sox regained the lead in the fifth on a run-scoring groundout by Betts and Pedroia 's RBI single .
TORONTO -- Jose Bautista is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Bautista hit a two - run homer and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Seattle Mariners 4 - 0 on Wednesday night , snapping a four - game losing streak . Bautista hit a two - run shot in the third inning , his eighth of the season and second in as many days , and the Blue Jays won for the fifth time in six games . Bautista , who leads the majors with a .176 batting average , went 1 for 4 with a homer and two RBIs . Biagini ( 1 - 1 ) allowed four hits in five innings , struck out three and walked none . Christian Bergman ( 0 - 1 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out one . The Mariners lost for the fourth time in five games . The Blue Jays opened the scoring in the second when Steve Pearce singled and took second on Ryan Goins ' single . Pearce advanced to third on Darwin Barney 's sacrifice bunt and scored on Devon Travis ' groundout . Bautista made it 3 - 0 with a two - run homer in the third , his fourth . Ryan Goins singled off Jean Machi with one out in the sixth and scored on Devon Travis ' sacrifice fly . The Mariners had runners at first and second with no outs in the seventh , but Ryan Tepera came on and struck out Carlos Ruiz and got Jean Segura to fly out . Ryan Tepera came on in the eighth and got Ben Gamel to hit into a fielder 's choice . Nelson Cruz grounded out and Nelson Cruz grounded out . Kyle Seager flied out to end the inning . The Mariners had runners at first and second with no outs in the eighth , but Ryan Tepera came in and retired Ben Gamel on a grounder to shortstop . Nelson Cruz grounded out , and Kyle Seager flied out to end the inning . The Mariners had runners at first and second with no outs in the eighth , but Ryan Tepera came in and retired Ben Gamel on a grounder to shortstop . Nelson Cruz grounded out , and Kyle Seager flied out to end the inning . The Mariners had runners at first and second with no outs in the eighth , but Ryan Tepera came in and retired Ben Gamel on a grounder to shortstop . Nelson Cruz grounded out , and Kyle Seager flied out to end the inning . The Mariners had runners at first and second with no outs in the eighth , but Ryan Tepera came in and retired Ben Gamel on a grounder to shortstop . Nelson Cruz grounded out , and Kyle Seager flied out to end the inning . The Mariners had runners at first and second with no outs in the eighth , but Ryan Tepera came in and retired Ben Gamel on a grounder to shortstop . Nelson Cruz grounded out , and Kyle Seager flied out to end the inning . The Mariners had runners at first and second with no outs in the eighth , but Ryan Tepera came in and retired Ben Gamel on a grounder to shortstop . Nelson Cruz grounded out , and Kyle Seager flied out to end the inning . The Mariners had runners at first and second with no outs in the eighth , but Ryan Tepera came in and retired Ben Gamel on a grounder to shortstop . Nelson Cruz grounded out , and Kyle Seager flied out to end the inning . The Mariners had runners at first and second with no outs in the eighth , but Ryan Tepera came in and retired Ben Gamel on a grounder to shortstop . Nelson Cruz grounded out , and Kyle Seager flied out to end the inning . The Mariners had runners at first and second with no outs in the seventh , but Ryan Tepera came in and retired Ben Gamel on a grounder to shortstop . Nelson Cruz grounded out , and Kyle Seager flied out to end the inning . The Mariners had runners at first and second with no outs in the seventh , but Ryan Tepera came in and retired Ben Gamel on a grounder to shortstop . Nelson Cruz grounded out , and Kyle Seager flied out to end the inning . The Mariners had runners at first and second with no outs in the seventh , but Ryan Tepera came in and retired Ben Gamel on a grounder to shortstop . Nelson Cruz grounded out , and Kyle Seager flied out to end the inning . The Mariners had runners at first and second with no outs in the seventh , but Ryan Tepera came in and retired Ben Gamel on a grounder to shortstop . Nelson Cruz grounded out , and Kyle Seager flied out to end the inning . The Mariners had runners at first and second with no outs in the seventh , but Ryan Tepera came in and retired Ben Gamel on a grounder to shortstop . Nelson Cruz grounded out , and Kyle Seager flied out to end the inning . The Mariners had runners at first and second with no outs in the seventh , but Ryan Tepera came in and retired Ben Gamel on a grounder to shortstop . Nelson Cruz grounded out , and Kyle Seager flied out to end the inning . The Mariners had runners at first and second with no outs in the seventh , but Ryan Tepera came in and retired Ben Gamel on a grounder to third .
MIAMI -- Tyler Flowers has been a big part of the big leagues . Flowers hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs to lead the Atlanta Braves to an 8 - 4 victory over the Miami Marlins on Friday night . Flowers is hitting .369 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his past 10 games . Derek Dietrich and Derek Dietrich homered for the Marlins , who have lost six of their past seven games . Foltynewicz ( 1 - 4 ) allowed one run and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Jose Urena ( 1 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked three . Flowers ' homer gave the Braves a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Matt Kemp led off with a single , moved to second on Nick Markakis ' single and scored on a two - out homer by Flowers . Justin Bour led off the fourth with a homer for the Marlins . The Braves scored four runs in the seventh off Brad Ziegler . Brandon Phillips hit a two - run single , and Tyler Flowers added a two - run single . The Marlins ' J. T. Realmuto hit a two - run homer off Ian Krol in the seventh to cut Atlanta 's lead to 8 - 3 . The Marlins ' J. T. Realmuto hit a two - run homer off Ian Krol in the seventh to cut Atlanta 's lead to 8 - 3 . Miami 's Derek Dietrich hit a one - out homer in the ninth off Braves closer Jim Johnson .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) -- The Cincinnati Reds have been waiting all season long enough to keep their winning streak alive . Zack Cozart doubled home the go-ahead run in the eighth inning and the Reds beat the San Francisco Giants 3 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Reds won for the fourth time in five games and moved a season-high 10 games over .500 . Denard Span and Brandon Belt also homered for the Giants , who won for the fourth time in five games . Scooter Gennett led off the eighth with a triple off Hunter Strickland ( 0 - 1 ) and scored on Cozart 's one - out double to right . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . Denard Span and Brandon Belt homered for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Brandon Belt hit his first home run of the season in the first inning for the Giants , who have lost four of five . The Reds tied it in the fourth when Billy Hamilton led off with a single , took third on Zack Cozart 's double and scored on Joey Votto 's groundout to tie the game at 1 . Span 's fifth home run of the season gave the Giants a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth . The Reds tied it in the sixth when Billy Hamilton led off with a single and scored on Votto 's single to tie it at 2 . Arroyo allowed two runs and six hits in six innings , struck out three and walked one .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros are starting to find a way to win . Carlos Correa hit a go-ahead , two - run double in the fifth inning and the Astros beat the Atlanta Braves 4 - 2 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . The Astros have won six of their last seven games and have the best record in the majors . Joe Musgrove ( 2 - 3 ) allowed four hits and two runs with four strikeouts in six innings for the win . Ken Giles pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save . Jaime Garcia ( 1 - 2 ) allowed six hits and four runs in six innings for the loss . He walked five and struck out four . The Astros trailed 2 - 1 before Correa 's two - run double in the fifth . Jake Marisnick singled with two outs in the third inning before scoring on a two - out double by Springer to make it 1 - 0 . Freddie Freeman led off the fourth with a homer to left field to give Atlanta a 1 - 0 lead . Matt Kemp singled and scored on a two - out homer by Adonis Garcia to put Atlanta up 2 - 1 . The Astros did n't get another hit until Correa drew a leadoff walk in the fourth . Gurriel reached on an error by Garcia at third base and advanced to third on a single by Marwin Gonzalez . Alex Bregman flied out to end the inning . The Braves loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth on singles by Dansby Swanson and Emilio Bonifacio and a walk to Freddie Freeman . But Harris struck out Matt Kemp to end the threat .
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) -- Yunel Escobar was n't sure if he 'd ever hit a home run in his first major league at-bat . Escobar hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs , leading the Los Angeles Angels to a 7 - 3 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Friday night . Escobar , who had a three - run homer in the second inning , drove in four runs and drove in four runs for the Angels , who won for the fourth time in five games following a five - game losing streak . Escobar 's homer was his fourth of the season and second in two games . Escobar hit a two - out , three - run homer in the second inning off Jharel Cotton ( 3 - 4 ) to give the Angels a 5 - 2 lead . Alex Meyer ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out seven . Bud Norris pitched the ninth for his sixth save in eight chances . Jharel Cotton ( 3 - 4 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Pujols put the Angels ahead in the first when he drove a 1 - 2 pitch from Cotton over the wall in left-center for his second home run of the season . Yonder Alonso hit a two - run homer in the first for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Cameron Maybin doubled and scored on Pennington 's single in the fourth for the Angels ' first run . Yonder Alonso homered twice for the A 's , including a solo shot in the sixth .
DENVER -- Tyler Chatwood is making a strong case to stay in the rotation . Chatwood pitched two - hit ball for seven innings , and the Colorado Rockies beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Chatwood ( 3 - 4 ) struck out five and walked three . He threw 53 of his 95 pitches for strikes . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games , including the first two games of the series . Chatwood has been one of the best pitchers in the majors , but he has n't allowed more than two earned runs in any of his seven starts . Trevor Story and Pat Valaika had two hits each for the Rockies , who have won four of five . Trevor Story had two hits , including an RBI double , and Trevor Story and Trevor Story added two hits apiece . Chatwood allowed one run and two hits , struck out five and walked three . Charlie Blackmon had three hits , including a solo homer in the seventh , and Charlie Blackmon added a solo shot for the Rockies , who have won four of five . The Diamondbacks scored twice in the eighth on an RBI single by Nick Ahmed and a double-play grounder by Brandon Drury . Greg Holland pitched a perfect ninth for his 13th save in as many chances . Taijuan Walker ( 3 - 2 ) gave up three runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out one and did n't walk a batter . Reynolds put the Rockies up 1 - 0 with a one - out homer in the second , his first of the season . The Rockies broke the game open in the sixth . Mark Reynolds reached on an error by second baseman Chris Owings and scored on Story 's second double of the game . Valaika followed with a two - run homer off J. J. Hoover to make it 4 - 0 . The Diamondbacks scored twice in the eighth on an RBI single by Nick Ahmed and a double-play grounder by Brandon Drury .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Francisco Lindor is making the most of his opportunity . Lindor hit a tiebreaking home run in the ninth inning , and the Cleveland Indians beat the Kansas City Royals 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . The Indians have won six of their last seven games . Santana and Lindor hit back-to-back homers in the ninth off Royals reliever Kelvin Herrera ( 1 - 1 ) , who had not allowed a run in his previous 12 appearances . Lindor , who had been 0 for 12 in save opportunities this season , hit his first home run of the season . Andrew Miller ( 2 - 0 ) worked a perfect eighth for the win . Cody Allen worked the ninth for his eighth save in as many chances . The Indians tied it in the eighth off Joakim Soria . Michael Brantley singled with one out and took third on a single by Edwin Encarnacion . After Jose Ramirez struck out , Jason Kipnis hit a sharp single to left to tie it . Royals starter Jason Vargas allowed four hits and two walks in six scoreless innings , striking out six . Vargas allowed four hits , struck out six and walked two . Eric Hosmer 's RBI single in the fourth was the Royals ' only run off Tomlin , who allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . The Indians tied it in the eighth off Joakim Soria . Michael Brantley singled with one out and took third on Edwin Encarnacion 's single . After Jose Ramirez struck out , Jason Kipnis hit a tying single . Pinch-hitter Lonnie Chisenhall struck out to end the inning .
CHICAGO -- The New York Yankees are starting to find a way to win . Miguel Montero pitched a two - run , bases-loaded jam in the ninth inning , and the Yankees beat the Chicago Cubs 11 - 6 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Yankees won for the seventh time in nine games and improved to 5 - 0 at Wrigley Field this season . Montgomery ( 2 - 1 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Yankees scored five runs in the first off Brett Anderson ( 2 - 2 ) , who was making his major league debut . Anderson ( 2 - 2 ) was charged with five runs and six hits in one - third of an inning . He walked none and struck out one . Hicks singled in the first and scored on Starlin Castro 's double , and Chase Headley added a two - run double to make it 5 - 0 . The Yankees added an unearned run in the third . Gary Sanchez and Didi Gregorius singled to start the inning before Chris Carter reached on an error by third baseman Kris Bryant . Castro hit a two - run homer off Felix Pena in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . The Cubs got two runs back in the fifth on a run-scoring groundout by Jon Jay and an error by shortstop Didi Gregorius on Ben Zobrist 's grounder . The Cubs cut it to 8 - 3 in the seventh on Ben Zobrist 's two - out RBI triple off Rob Zastryzny . Tyler Clippard came in and got Kris Bryant to fly out to end the inning . The Cubs scored three runs in the eighth off Tommy Layne , including a two - run single by Miguel Montero .
CINCINNATI -- Tim Adleman had a lot to do with it . The right-hander pitched six solid innings in his first start of the season , and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Adleman ( 1 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits . He walked one and struck out five . Raisel Iglesias pitched the ninth for his fifth save in as many chances . Ivan Nova ( 3 - 3 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in six innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games . Gift Ngoepe hit an RBI double in the second inning for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Jose Peraza singled to lead off the fourth and scored on Votto 's double . Adam Duvall followed with an RBI single . The Reds made it 4 - 1 in the fifth . Billy Hamilton singled , stole second and scored on Votto 's double . Votto scored on Adam Duvall 's triple off the base of the wall in center field . Francisco Cervelli hit an RBI double in the sixth for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Pittsburgh 's Andrew McCutchen extended his hitting streak to 12 games with a sixth-inning double . The Pirates had a chance to add to their lead in the eighth when Andrew McCutchen hit a sinking liner to center that Andrew McCutchen caught at the top of the wall . The ball bounced off the top of his glove and into the outfield , allowing Bell to score from second . The Pirates had runners on first and third with one out in the eighth , but Michael Lorenzen retired Gregory Polanco on a groundout .
SEATTLE -- Jean Segura was n't sure what to expect from his teammates . Segura hit a go-ahead , two - run double in the eighth inning and the Seattle Mariners rallied for an 8 - 7 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . The Mariners have won six of their last seven games . Segura 's two - out , two - run double off Blake Parker ( 0 - 2 ) capped a four - run eighth inning that gave the Mariners an 8 - 6 lead . It was Segura 's fourth home run of the season and his second in two games . Kole Calhoun hit a solo homer in the ninth for the Angels , who have lost six of their last seven games . Segura hit a two - run homer in the sixth to give the Angels a 4 - 0 lead . It was his second home run of the season and second in as many games . Cano 's homer in the first inning was his fourth of the season and second in two games . He also had a two - run double in the eighth inning of the Mariners ' 6 - 5 win over the Angels on Friday night . The Mariners took a 4 - 0 lead in the fifth . Mike Zunino led off with a double and moved to third on Jarrod Dyson 's sacrifice bunt . Nick Vincent came on and gave up a sacrifice fly to Andrelton Simmons and an RBI single to Nelson Cruz . Iwakuma allowed three runs and six hits in five innings . Angels starter Ricky Nolasco gave up four runs and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings .
NEW YORK -- Aaron Judge is making a habit of changing speeds . Judge homered twice and drove in four runs , and the New York Yankees beat the Toronto Blue Jays 11 - 5 on Wednesday night for their fourth straight victory . Judge 's first multihomer game of the season was his first at Yankee Stadium since Sept. 22 , 2007 , at Boston . Judge hit a three - run drive in the seventh off Jason Grilli , who was making his major league debut . Masahiro Tanaka ( 4 - 1 ) won his fourth straight start , allowing four runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . Mat Latos ( 0 - 1 ) gave up seven runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Brett Gardner led off with a double , took third on Chase Headley 's single and scored on a double by Matt Holliday . Hicks hit a two - run homer in the second , and Gardner added a two - run shot later in the inning . Judge homered with one out in the third , his fourth of the season and second in two days . The Blue Jays cut it to 7 - 2 in the fifth on a solo homer by Steve Pearce and an RBI single by Chris Coghlan . Toronto loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh , but Dellin Betances struck out Kendrys Morales on three pitches to end the inning . Starlin Castro doubled off Jason Grilli in the seventh and scored on Judge 's two - run homer .
LOS ANGELES -- The San Francisco Giants ' offense is finally starting to come alive . Pinch-hitter Chris Taylor singled home the tying run in the seventh inning , Johnny Cueto pitched seven strong innings and the Giants beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 4 - 3 on Friday night . The Giants won for the seventh time in eight games and moved within one game of first-place Arizona in the NL West . Cueto ( 4 - 1 ) gave up three runs and six hits , struck out six and walked one in his fourth start since coming off the disabled list with a strained left hamstring . The right-hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.62 ERA in his last five starts . The Dodgers scored their first run in the seventh on an RBI single by pinch hitter Chris Taylor . Steven Okert worked 1 2/3 scoreless innings , and Derek Law got the final out for his first save . Clayton Kershaw ( 4 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in six innings , struck out five and walked none . Pence 's two - run homer in the first inning gave the Giants a 2 - 0 lead . It was Pence 's first home run since June 12 , when he hit a two - run shot in the 10th inning of a 6 - 4 win over the Giants . The Dodgers got a run back in the bottom of the first when Andrew Toles singled , Corey Seager walked and Yasmani Grandal drove in a run with a groundout . Posey 's homer in the third gave San Francisco a 3 - 2 lead . The Giants extended their lead to 4 - 2 in the fifth when Gorkys Hernandez singled with one out and scored on Arroyo 's single . The Giants extended their lead to 4 - 2 in the fifth when Gorkys Hernandez singled , took second on a throwing error by Kershaw and scored on Arroyo 's single to right . The Giants extended their lead to 4 - 2 in the fifth on a single by Gorkys Hernandez and a run-scoring single by Arroyo . The Giants extended their lead to 4 - 2 in the fifth when Gorkys Hernandez singled , took second on a throwing error by Kershaw and scored on Arroyo 's single . The Giants extended their lead to 4 - 2 in the fifth when Gorkys Hernandez singled , took second on a throwing error by Kershaw and scored on Arroyo 's single . The Giants extended their lead to 4 - 2 in the fifth when Gorkys Hernandez singled , took second on a throwing error by Kershaw and scored on Arroyo 's single . The Giants extended their lead to 4 - 2 in the fifth when Gorkys Hernandez singled , took second on a throwing error by Kershaw and scored on Arroyo 's single . The Giants extended their lead to 4 - 2 in the fifth when Gorkys Hernandez singled , took second on a throwing error by Kershaw and scored on Arroyo 's single . The Giants extended their lead to 4 - 2 in the fifth when Gorkys Hernandez singled , took second on a throwing error by Kershaw and scored on Arroyo 's single . The Giants extended their lead to 4 - 2 in the fifth when Gorkys Hernandez singled , took second on a throwing error by Kershaw and scored on Arroyo 's single . The Giants extended their lead to 4 - 2 in the fifth when Gorkys Hernandez singled , took second on a throwing error by Kershaw and scored on Arroyo 's single . The Giants extended their lead to 4 - 2 in the fifth when Gorkys Hernandez singled , took second on a throwing error by Kershaw and scored on Arroyo 's single . The Giants extended their lead to 4 - 2 in the fifth when Gorkys Hernandez singled , took second on a throwing error by Kershaw and scored on Arroyo 's single . The Giants extended their lead to 4 - 2 in the fifth when Gorkys Hernandez singled , took second on a throwing error by Kershaw and scored on Arroyo 's single . The Giants extended their lead to 4 - 2 in the fifth when Gorkys Hernandez singled , took second on a throwing error by Kershaw and scored on Arroyo 's single . The Giants extended their lead to 4 - 2 in the fifth when Gorkys Hernandez singled , took second on a throwing error by Kershaw and scored on Arroyo 's single . The Giants extended their lead to 4 - 2 in the fifth when Gorkys Hernandez singled , took second on a throwing error by Kershaw and scored on Arroyo 's single . The Giants extended their lead to 4 - 2 in the fifth when Gorkys Hernandez singled , took second on a throwing error by Kershaw and scored on Arroyo 's single . The Giants extended their lead to 4 - 2 in the fifth when Gorkys Hernandez singled , took second on a throwing error by Kershaw and scored on Arroyo 's single . The Giants extended their lead to 4 - 2 in the fifth when Gorkys Hernandez singled , took second on a throwing error by Kershaw and scored on Arroyo 's single . The Giants extended their lead to 4 - 2 in the fifth when Gorkys Hernandez singled , took second on a throwing error by Kershaw and scored on Arroyo 's single . The Giants extended their lead to 4 - 2 in the fifth on Arroyo 's RBI single
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Jason Vargas was n't going to let the game get away . Vargas won for the first time in more than a month , and the Kansas City Royals beat the Chicago White Sox 6 - 1 on Wednesday night . Vargas ( 4 - 1 ) gave up one run and five hits in six innings , walking three and striking out one . Jorge Bonifacio hit a two - run homer in the fourth off Dylan Covey ( 0 - 2 ) , who gave up six runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . Eric Hosmer hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Royals , who have won three of four . Dylan Covey ( 0 - 2 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . The White Sox scored in the fourth when Todd Frazier walked , took third on Omar Narvaez 's single and scored on Jacob May 's single to right . Bonifacio 's two - run shot in the fourth inning was his first home run since July 7 . The Royals loaded the bases with one out in the fifth on singles by Alcides Escobar and Mike Moustakas and a walk to Cain . Covey struck out Eric Hosmer , but Perez lined a two - run single to left to make it 4 - 1 . Christian Colon led off the Royals seventh with a single , advanced to second on a wild pitch and scored on Hosmer 's second homer of the season . The White Sox threatened in the eighth , putting runners on first and second with one out , but Joakim Soria struck out Jose Abreu and Todd Frazier to end the inning . The White Sox threatened in the ninth , but Scott Alexander struck out Jacob May to end the inning .
DETROIT -- Salvador Perez got the green light on a 3 - 0 pitch . Perez drove in three runs with a homer and a double , and the Kansas City Royals beat the Detroit Tigers 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Salvador Perez and Mike Moustakas hit back-to-back homers in the fourth inning , and Alex Gordon drove in three runs for the Royals , who have won four of their last five games . Perez is hitting .291 with four homers and 11 RBIs in his last 10 games . Ian Kennedy ( 2 - 6 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Daniel Norris ( 4 - 6 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . The Tigers have lost four of five . Escobar led off the third with a double and scored on Alex Gordon 's single . The Royals made it 5 - 0 in the fourth on Perez 's two - run homer and Alex Gordon 's RBI double . Miguel Cabrera hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . The Royals made it 6 - 2 in the eighth when Mike Moustakas doubled , took third on a single by Alcides Escobar and scored on Alex Gordon 's groundout . The Royals added two runs in the ninth off Alex Wilson . Salvador Perez hit an RBI double and Jorge Soler added an RBI single later in the inning . The Royals added two runs in the ninth off Alex Wilson . Salvador Perez hit an RBI double and Jorge Soler added an RBI single later in the inning . The Royals added two runs in the ninth off Alex Wilson . Salvador Perez hit an RBI double and Jorge Soler added an RBI single later in the inning . The Royals added two runs in the ninth off Alex Wilson . Salvador Perez hit an RBI double and Jorge Soler added an RBI single later in the inning . The Royals added two runs in the ninth off Alex Wilson . Salvador Perez hit an RBI double and Jorge Soler added an RBI single later in the inning . The Royals added two runs in the ninth off Alex Wilson . Salvador Perez hit an RBI double and Jorge Soler added an RBI single later in the inning . The Royals added two runs in the ninth off Alex Wilson . Salvador Perez hit an RBI double and Jorge Soler added an RBI single later in the inning . The Royals added two runs in the ninth off Alex Wilson . Salvador Perez 's RBI double made it 7 - 2 , and Jorge Soler 's RBI single made it 8 - 2 . The Royals added two runs in the ninth off Alex Wilson . Salvador Perez 's RBI double made it 7 - 2 , and Jorge Soler 's RBI single later in the inning made it 8 - 2 . The Royals added two runs in the ninth off Alex Wilson . Cain doubled with one out and scored on Salvador Perez 's double . Jorge Soler 's RBI single made it 8 - 2 . The Royals added two runs in the ninth off Alex Wilson . Salvador Perez hit an RBI double and Jorge Soler added an RBI single later in the inning . The Royals added two runs in the ninth off Alex Wilson . Salvador Perez hit an RBI double and Jorge Soler added an RBI single later in the inning . The Royals added two runs in the ninth off Alex Wilson . Salvador Perez hit an RBI double and Jorge Soler added an RBI single later in the inning . The Royals added two runs in the ninth off Alex Wilson . Salvador Perez hit an RBI double and Jorge Soler added an RBI single later in the inning . The Royals added two runs in the ninth off Alex Wilson . Salvador Perez hit an RBI double and Jorge Soler added an RBI single later in the inning . The Royals added two runs in the ninth off Alex Wilson . Salvador Perez hit an RBI double and Jorge Soler added an RBI single later in the inning . The Royals added two runs in the ninth off Alex Wilson , who gave up a double to Lorenzo Cain and a run-scoring double to Salvador Perez . Jorge Soler added an RBI single later in the inning . The Royals added two runs in the ninth off Alex Wilson . Salvador Perez 's RBI double made it 7 - 2 , and Jorge Soler 's RBI single later in the inning made it 8 - 2 . The Royals added two runs in the ninth off Alex Wilson . Cain doubled with one out and scored on Salvador Perez 's double . After Mike Moustakas was intentionally walked , Jorge Soler singled to make it 8 - 2 . The Royals added two runs in the ninth off Alex Wilson . Cain doubled with one out and scored on Salvador Perez 's double . After Mike Moustakas was intentionally walked , Jorge Soler singled to make it 8 - 2 .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Brandon Phillips was n't going to let the game get away from him . Phillips homered and drove in two runs to lead the Atlanta Braves to a 3 - 1 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Friday night . Phillips ' homer in the third inning was his first since May 30 , 2007 , when he was with the New York Mets . Phillips , who leads the majors with a .306 average , went 2 - for - 4 with a double and two RBIs . The Braves have won four of five . Dickey ( 6 - 5 ) gave up one run and five hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out six . Jim Johnson pitched the ninth for his 15th save . Matt Garza ( 3 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Keon Broxton singled , moved to second on Domingo Santana 's single and scored on a fielder 's choice by Hernan Perez . Atlanta tied it in the bottom of the inning when Brandon Phillips singled , moved to second on Adams ' single and scored on Flowers ' single . Phillips ' homer in the third off Garza gave the Braves a 3 - 1 lead . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Keon Broxton singled , moved to second on Domingo Santana 's single and scored on Hernan Perez 's fielder 's choice .
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) -- Mike Fiers has been a bright spot for the first time in his career . Fiers pitched six strong innings to help the Houston Astros beat the Oakland Athletics 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Fiers ( 5 - 2 ) gave up one run and three hits , struck out five and walked three . Evan Gattis drove in two runs with a sixth-inning single and Jake Marisnick added a two - run single in the sixth to help the Astros win for the fifth time in six games . Carlos Correa hit a solo homer in the top of the ninth for the Astros , who have won six of their last seven games . Gattis had a two - run single in the sixth and Jake Marisnick added an RBI single in the sixth for the Astros . Sean Manaea ( 6 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked two . The A 's scored their only run off Fiers in the seventh when Yonder Alonso doubled and scored on Stephen Vogt 's groundout . Tony Sipp got the final two outs of the inning . The Astros added a run in the eighth on a sacrifice fly by Jake Marisnick . Correa homered off Josh Smith in the ninth . The A 's put runners on first and second with one out in the fifth when Matt Joyce hit into a double play . The A 's loaded the bases with one out in the fifth , but Fiers got Matt Joyce to ground into a double play .
ATLANTA -- Matt Kemp is n't the only Atlanta player to hit for the cycle . Kemp hit a two - run homer in the 11th inning to lift the Atlanta Braves to a 5 - 3 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Friday night . Kemp 's homer was his first since July 7 , when he hit a game-ending , two - run shot off Jim Johnson in the ninth inning of a 5 - 4 win over the Giants . Kemp 's homer was his first since July 7 , when he hit a game-ending , two - run homer in the 10th inning of a 7 - 5 win over the Giants . Kemp said he was n't sure if he 'd be able to hit the ball out of the park . Luke Jackson ( 2 - 0 ) recorded two outs in the 11th for the win . Sam Freeman pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings . Hunter Pence hit a tying homer off Braves closer Jim Johnson in the ninth . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Hunter Pence singled , took second on a groundout and scored on Belt 's triple into the right-field corner . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Adams ' two - run homer off Jeff Samardzija . Tyler Flowers led off the seventh with his first homer of the season to give San Francisco a 3 - 1 lead . The Giants loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh against Jose Ramirez on a single by Posey and a walk to Brandon Belt . Newcomb allowed three hits and one run in six innings .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- The Minnesota Twins are starting to find a way to win . Kennys Vargas hit a three - run homer and Kennys Vargas added a three - run shot as the Twins beat the Chicago White Sox 9 - 7 on Friday night for their fifth straight victory . The Twins have won six of their last seven games . Ervin Santana ( 9 - 4 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked two . Brandon Kintzler pitched a perfect ninth for his 18th save in 20 chances . Derek Holland ( 5 - 7 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in 2 2/3 innings , his shortest start of the season . Sano 's two - run homer in the first inning gave the Twins a 2 - 0 lead . The White Sox took a 4 - 2 lead in the third on an RBI double by Jose Abreu and a two - run homer by Avisail Garcia . The Twins answered with four runs in the bottom of the inning . Mauer hit an RBI single and Vargas followed with a three - run homer to right field that gave the Twins a 6 - 4 lead . Yolmer Sanchez hit a two - run triple in the fifth for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Buxton 's RBI single off Chris Beck in the fifth gave the Twins an 8 - 6 lead . The White Sox loaded the bases with one out in the sixth against Alan Busenitz , but Matt Belisle got Kevan Smith to line out to end the threat .
NEW YORK -- The Los Angeles Angels are starting to show signs of life . Luis Valbuena hit a tiebreaking homer in the ninth inning , and the Angels rallied for an 8 - 3 victory over the New York Yankees on Tuesday night . The Angels won for the fourth time in five games . Cameron Maybin homered and drove in two runs , and Luis Valbuena added a two - run shot for Los Angeles . Luis Valbuena hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Blake Parker ( 3 - 2 ) to give the Angels an 8 - 3 lead . Blake Parker ( 3 - 2 ) got the win despite giving up a tying homer to Gary Sanchez in the sixth . Tyler Clippard ( 1 - 4 ) gave up a leadoff double to Maldonado in the seventh and was replaced by Jonathan Holder , who gave up an RBI single to Cameron Maybin . The Angels made it 7 - 3 in the eighth when Martin Maldonado doubled and scored on Cameron Maybin 's single . The Angels took a 3 - 0 lead in the first . Eric Young Jr. led off with a double and scored on Danny Espinosa 's double . Kole Calhoun 's RBI single made it 3 - 0 . Chase Headley hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth for New York . Judge homered in the fifth to cut it to 3 - 2 .
LOS ANGELES -- Corey Seager had a three - homer game for the first time in his career . Seager became the first Dodger to hit three home runs in a game for the first time in his career , and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the New York Mets 12 - 0 on Friday night . Seager 's three - run shot in the fifth inning gave the Dodgers a 10 - 0 lead , and he added a three - run homer in the eighth to help the Dodgers win for the 10th time in 12 games . Seager , who leads the National League with a .293 batting average , is the first Dodger to hit three home runs in a game since Mark McGwire on June 8 , 2006 . Seager 's two - run homer in the first inning off Robert Gsellman ( 5 - 5 ) gave the Dodgers a 2 - 0 lead . Brandon McCarthy ( 6 - 3 ) allowed four hits over six innings , struck out four and walked one . Brock Stewart got three outs for his first major league save . Robert Gsellman ( 5 - 5 ) gave up eight runs -- seven earned -- and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out two and walked three . The Dodgers jumped on Gsellman for four runs in the first . Seager hit a two - run homer and Bellinger connected for a 4 - 0 lead . Seager made it 5 - 0 in the fourth with his ninth homer , extending the Dodgers ' lead to 5 - 0 . The Dodgers extended their lead to 10 - 0 in the fifth . Grandal hit a one - out homer and Pederson added an RBI double before Seager 's three - run homer . Cody Bellinger hit a two - run homer off Josh Edgin in the Dodgers ' four - run sixth .
NEW YORK -- For Jacob deGrom , it was his first career home run . DeGrom pitched three - hit ball for eight innings and hit his first career home run , leading the New York Mets to a 5 - 1 victory over the Washington Nationals on Friday night . deGrom ( 6 - 3 ) struck out six and walked two , throwing 65 of his 105 pitches for strikes . Addison Reed worked a scoreless ninth for the Mets , who have won four of five . deGrom hit a leadoff homer in the third off Joe Ross ( 3 - 3 ) to tie it at 1 . Ross ( 3 - 3 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Brian Goodwin reached on a one - out throwing error by second baseman Wilmer Flores , Bryce Harper singled and Ryan Zimmerman hit a sacrifice fly . The Mets tied it in the third on deGrom 's first homer of the season . Lucas Duda singled leading off the fourth and scored on a single by Conforto , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . New York made it 4 - 1 in the sixth on Conforto 's RBI single off Joe Ross ( 3 - 3 ) . The Mets added a run in the seventh when Jay Bruce walked , took second on Wilmer Flores ' groundout and scored on Granderson 's two - out single off Matt Grace . Pinch-hitter Stephen Drew led off the eighth with a single , but was erased on a fielder 's choice by Trea Turner .
CINCINNATI -- The Los Angeles Dodgers ' offense had a lot to do with it . Yasiel Puig homered twice and drove in three runs , Josh Ravin pitched two perfect innings and the Dodgers beat the Cincinnati Reds 10 - 2 on Wednesday night . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games . Hyun-Jin Ryu ( 3 - 6 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Asher Wojciechowski ( 1 - 1 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and five hits in 2 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . Puig hit a solo homer in the third , his first of the season , and Chris Taylor added a two - run double for a 6 - 1 lead . Corey Seager singled home a run in the fourth for a 7 - 2 lead , and Chris Taylor added a two - run double for the Dodgers , who have won four of their last five games . Bellinger 's RBI double in the first inning gave the Dodgers a 1 - 0 lead . Billy Hamilton led off the bottom of the first with a single , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Zack Cozart followed with a double , but Ryu struck out Joey Votto and Eugenio Suarez to end the threat . Puig hit a solo homer in the third , his first of the season and second in two games . The Reds loaded the bases with no outs in the third on singles by Zack Cozart and Joey Votto and a single by Adam Duvall . Eugenio Suarez walked to force in a run , and Jose Peraza grounded into a double play . Puig homered off Jake Buchanan in the eighth .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- The Milwaukee Brewers had a lot to do with it . Eric Thames hit a two - run homer with two outs in the ninth inning and the Brewers beat the St. Louis Cardinals 6 - 4 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . It was the first time the Brewers have hit three home runs in a game this season . The Cardinals have lost four of five . Thames hit a two - run homer off Seung Hwan Oh ( 1 - 3 ) with two outs in the ninth to give Milwaukee a 6 - 4 lead . Carlos Torres ( 3 - 4 ) worked a scoreless eighth for the win . Oliver Drake pitched a perfect ninth for his first save in three chances . Matt Carpenter had two hits and scored two runs for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Eric Sogard and Eric Sogard had two hits apiece for St. Louis . The Cardinals tied it in the fifth when Matt Carpenter doubled and scored on Dexter Fowler 's single to tie it at 4 . The Cardinals took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on RBI singles by Stephen Piscotty and Aledmys Diaz . The Brewers tied it in the second when Jett Bandy drew a two - out walk and scored on Broxton 's homer . The Brewers regained the lead in the third on Santana 's RBI single .
DENVER -- The Colorado Rockies have been waiting all season to win . Raimel Tapia singled home the winning run in the bottom of the ninth inning , and the Rockies beat the San Francisco Giants 10 - 9 on Wednesday night for their fourth straight win . The Rockies have won six of their last seven games . Greg Holland ( 1 - 0 ) got pinch-hitter Jeff Samardzija on a called third strike to end the top of the ninth with runners on first and third and two outs . Hunter Strickland ( 1 - 2 ) gave up a leadoff single to Mark Reynolds and walked Carlos Gonzalez with one out before Tapia lined a single to right . Nick Hundley hit a solo homer off Mike Dunn in the eighth to make it 9 - 4 . Greg Holland ( 1 - 0 ) got pinch-hitter Jeff Samardzija on a called third strike to end the top of the ninth . San Francisco starter Matt Moore gave up eight runs and 11 hits in three innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Rockies jumped on Matt Moore for three runs in the first . Charlie Blackmon led off with a single and scored on DJ LeMahieu 's single . Nolan Arenado followed with a run-scoring double and scored on Mark Reynolds ' single . The Giants got a run back in the second when Pence walked , Joe Panik singled and Austin Slater singled to load the bases . Arenado doubled down the right-field line to score Blackmon and LeMahieu and make it 5 - 1 . Desmond 's RBI double made it 6 - 1 , and Tapia added an RBI single . LeMahieu added an RBI single in the third .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox are starting to look like a team that has n't had a winning season . Avisail Garcia drove in four runs and the White Sox beat the Baltimore Orioles 10 - 7 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games , including three of their last four games . Matt Davidson hit a two - run homer and Melky Cabrera had three hits for the White Sox , who won for the fourth time in five games . Melky Cabrera had three hits and scored twice , and Melky Cabrera had three hits and scored twice . Trey Mancini hit a three - run homer and Trey Mancini added a three - run shot off Gregory Infante in the eighth for Baltimore . Jake Petricka ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 2 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Wade Miley ( 2 - 4 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 2 1/3 innings . Smith put the White Sox up 2 - 0 with a two - run homer in the second inning . The White Sox added three runs in the third . Tim Anderson led off with a single , Melky Cabrera walked and Jose Abreu followed with an RBI single . Adam Jones drove in Castillo with a single to make it 6 - 2 . The White Sox added three runs in the fourth on a two - run single by Avisail Garcia . Willy Garcia led off the fifth with a triple and scored on Kevan Smith 's sacrifice fly to make it 9 - 2 . The Orioles added four runs in the eighth against Gregory Infante and Anthony Swarzak .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Aaron Judge is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Judge hit a tiebreaking , two - run homer in the eighth inning , Didi Gregorius had four hits and the New York Yankees beat the Los Angeles Angels 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Judge hit a two - run homer in his return to the lineup after missing two games because of a sore left knee . Kole Calhoun homered for the Angels , who have lost five of six . Masahiro Tanaka allowed three runs -- one earned -- and four hits over 6 2/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked two . Jose Alvarez ( 0 - 3 ) took the loss after giving up a one - out double to Aaron Hicks in the eighth . Tyler Clippard ( 1 - 3 ) pitched the seventh for the win . New York starter Masahiro Tanaka gave up three runs -- one earned -- and four hits over 6 2/3 innings with eight strikeouts and two walks . The right-hander is 0 - 2 in his last four starts . Kole Calhoun hit a solo homer in the first for the Angels , who have lost four of five . The Yankees tied it in the third on a two - out RBI single by Didi Gregorius . Aaron Judge drew a one - out walk in the fifth and moved to second on Starlin Castro 's two - out single . Blake Parker came in and gave up an RBI single to Gregorius . The Yankees increased their lead to 3 - 1 in the seventh on Chase Headley 's two - out RBI single off Keynan Middleton , who was making his major league debut . The Angels had a chance to score in the sixth when Calhoun walked with one out , but Pujols flied out and Luis Valbuena grounded out .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago Cubs ' offense is finally starting to come alive . Addison Russell and Kyle Schwarber hit back-to-back homers in the sixth inning , and the Cubs beat the Colorado Rockies 7 - 5 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight win . The Cubs won for the fifth time in six games and improved to 5 - 0 on their 10-game homestand . Russell and Kyle Schwarber hit back-to-back homers in the fifth for the Rockies , who have lost five of six . Russell and Schwarber hit back-to-back homers in the sixth to give the Cubs a 6 - 4 lead . Montero led off the bottom of the eighth with a homer off Chad Qualls to make it 7 - 4 . Wade Davis allowed a run in the ninth but held on for his 13th save in as many chances . The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games . Zobrist hit a three - run homer in the first off Rockies starter Antonio Senzatela , who allowed four runs and seven hits in four innings . The Rockies loaded the bases with no outs in the fifth on a double by Tony Wolters , a walk to pinch-hitter Raimel Tapia and a hit batter . DJ LeMahieu walked to force in a run , Mark Reynolds singled in a run and Ian Desmond hit a two - run single to tie it at 4 . Arrieta gave up four runs and five hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked three . Jon Jay and Kris Bryant opened the first with singles and Rizzo followed with an RBI double . Zobrist then drove a 1 - 1 pitch into the left-field bleachers for a three - run homer .
WASHINGTON -- The Texas Rangers have been waiting all season long enough to keep their winning streak alive . Elvis Andrus hit a two - run triple during a four - run eighth inning and the Rangers beat the Washington Nationals 5 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight victory . The Rangers won for the fourth time in five games and moved a half-game ahead of the Los Angeles Angels in the AL West . Bibens-Dirkx ( 2 - 0 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings , walking one and striking out two . Max Scherzer ( 7 - 4 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in 7 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out 10 . The Rangers broke a 1 - 1 tie in the eighth when Delino DeShields reached on third baseman Anthony Rendon 's throwing error and scored on a passed ball . Oliver Perez walked pinch hitter Jurickson Profar and gave up a two - run triple to Andrus , who scored on Nomar Mazara 's sacrifice fly . Scherzer ( 7 - 4 ) struck out 10 , walked one and allowed three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in 7 1/3 innings . Brian Goodwin led off the bottom of the first with his first home run of the season , but the Nationals did n't get another hit until Goodwin 's homer in the third . The Rangers tied it in the third . Delino DeShields led off with a strikeout , stole second and scored on Elvis Andrus ' two - run single . Bibens-Dirkx retired the first two batters in the seventh , then gave up a single to Anthony Rendon and walked Adam Lind to put runners on first and second with two outs . Bibens-Dirkx then got Wieters to ground out to end the inning . Brian Goodwin led off the bottom of the first with his first home run of the season . Bryce Harper followed with a single , but Bibens-Dirkx got Daniel Murphy to ground into a double play . Brian Goodwin led off the bottom of the first with his first home run of the season . Bryce Harper followed with a single .
HOUSTON -- Mike Fiers did n't have his best stuff . Fiers pitched two - hit ball into the eighth inning , and the Houston Astros beat the Los Angeles Angels 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Fiers ( 4 - 2 ) allowed two hits and struck out eight in 7 1/3 innings . Ken Giles pitched the ninth for his 16th save . Ricky Nolasco ( 2 - 7 ) allowed eight hits and two runs with two strikeouts in seven innings for the loss . The Angels , who have the worst record in the majors , lost for the fourth time in five games . McCann 's homer to the Crawford Boxes in left field put Houston up 1 - 0 in the second inning . McCann was hit by a pitch to start the fifth before a single by Marwin Gonzalez . McCann scored on a sacrifice fly by Yuli Gurriel to push the lead to 2 - 0 . Josh Reddick doubled with one out in the eighth inning before Jose Altuve walked . Jose Alvarez replaced Fiers and gave up an RBI single to Carlos Correa to make it 3 - 1 . Fiers plunked Eric Young Jr. with a pitch with one out in the fifth , but Fiers got out of the inning by striking out Cliff Pennington . The Angels did n't get another baserunner until Maldonado 's one - out single in the seventh inning . Ben Revere reached on an error by shortstop Carlos Correa to start the eighth before Luis Valbuena singled with one out . Revere scored on a groundout by Andrelton Simmons to cut Houston 's lead to 2 - 1 .
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- Marcus Stroman was n't sure what to expect . Stroman pitched seven strong innings , and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Seattle Mariners 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Stroman ( 7 - 2 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and six hits . He struck out six and walked none . Kendrys Morales hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning for the Blue Jays , who have won four of their last five games . Justin Smoak led off the ninth with a home run off Seattle reliever Steve Cishek . Roberto Osuna worked the ninth for his 15th save in 18 chances . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Nelson Cruz led off with a single and advanced to second on a wild pitch . He scored on Kyle Seager 's single to center . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth when Jose Bautista drew a leadoff walk and scored on Kyle Seager 's single . Jarrod Dyson led off the bottom of the seventh with a single and scored on catcher Russell Martin 's throwing error to tie it at 2 . Carrera homered off Tony Zych ( 2 - 2 ) leading off the eighth to give the Blue Jays a 3 - 2 lead . Guillermo Heredia and Robinson Cano singled to start the eighth against Joe Smith , but Smith struck out Kyle Seager and got Taylor Motter to ground into a fielder 's choice . Miranda allowed two hits and walked five in 6 1/3 innings .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Carlos Martinez had a lot to do with it . Martinez struck out a season-high 11 in a four - hitter and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Philadelphia Phillies 7 - 0 on Wednesday night . Martinez ( 5 - 5 ) threw a four - hitter for his second shutout of the season and the first complete game of his career . He threw 107 pitches , 69 for strikes . St. Louis manager Mike Matheny was impressed with Martinez 's performance . Tommy Joseph hit a two - out single in the ninth for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . The Phillies have been shut out in three of their last four games . Jedd Gyorko had three RBIs and Jedd Gyorko drove in three runs with a double in the fourth . Nick Pivetta ( 1 - 3 ) gave up four runs and four hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out two . The Cardinals scored four times in the fourth . Dexter Fowler drew a leadoff walk and took third on Stephen Piscotty 's double . Gyorko followed with a double down the right-field line to make it 2 - 0 . Luis Garcia relieved Martinez and got Dexter Fowler to line out to shortstop , but Stephen Piscotty walked and Jedd Gyorko hit a sacrifice fly to make it 7 - 0 . Odubel Herrera singled with one out in the sixth for Philadelphia 's first hit , but Martinez struck out Aaron Altherr and got pinch-hitter Michael Joseph to ground out . The Cardinals loaded the bases with no outs in the seventh against Jeanmar Gomez , who hit Carlos Martinez with a pitch to load the bases with no outs . Carpenter followed with a two - run double and Jedd Gyorko added a sacrifice fly .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Houston Astros had a chance to win the game in the bottom of the inning . Jose Altuve hit a two - run homer in a four - run ninth inning , and the Astros beat the Kansas City Royals 6 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . It was the first time the Astros had scored at least six runs in a game since June 12 , 2007 , when they also had nine against the Chicago White Sox . The Royals scored three runs in the seventh off Lance McCullers to tie the game at 1 . Josh Reddick drew a leadoff walk from Kelvin Herrera ( 1 - 2 ) and Altuve followed with a two - run homer to left . Carlos Correa followed with a triple off Peter Moylan and scored on Brian McCann 's sacrifice fly . Jake Marisnick added a two - run single off Peter Moylan in the ninth . Will Harris ( 2 - 1 ) pitched the eighth for the win . Houston starter Lance McCullers gave up one run and two hits in seven innings , striking out eight and walking two . McCullers went seven innings , allowing one run and two hits , while striking out eight and walking two . The Royals scored their only run in the seventh when Lorenzo Cain tripled with one out and scored on Mike Moustakas ' two - out single . The Royals , who have lost six of their last seven games , have scored three runs or fewer in eight of their last 10 games . The Astros had a chance to score in the sixth when Nori Aoki led off with a single and took third on Josh Reddick 's one - out single . But Jose Altuve lined out to shortstop and Carlos Correa grounded out to end the inning . The Astros had runners on first and third with one out in the sixth , but Hammel got Jose Altuve to line out to shortstop and Carlos Correa to ground out .
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles found a way to win . Mark Trumbo drove in the winning run with a two - out single in the 10th inning , and the Orioles beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 6 - 5 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . It was the first time this season the Orioles won a game when trailing after eight innings . Chris Davis led off the bottom of the ninth with a homer off Tony Watson , and Jonathan Schoop tied it with a two - run shot off Tony Watson . Adam Jones singled with one out in the 10th and scored on a single by Trumbo . Brad Brach ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 10th to earn the win . The Pirates took a 5 - 3 lead in the top of the ninth when Adam Frazier walked with two outs and scored on Josh Harrison 's triple . Chris Davis led off the bottom half with a homer off Tony Watson , and Jonathan Schoop tied it with a two - run shot off Tony Watson . Pirates starter Ivan Nova gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Pirates took a 3 - 1 lead in the second . David Freese led off with a single and Josh Bell reached on third baseman Manny Machado 's throwing error . Andrew McCutchen singled in a run and Jordy Mercer drove in another run with a groundout . Freese homered in the sixth to make it 4 - 1 .
NEW YORK -- Robert Gsellman has been on a roll . The New York Mets rookie won his fourth straight start , and the New York Mets beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Gsellman ( 4 - 3 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . Neil Walker hit a two - run homer in the first off Tyler Glasnow ( 2 - 5 ) and Wilmer Flores also went deep for the Mets , who have won four of five . Tyler Glasnow ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked three . Walker hit a two - run homer in the first off Glasnow ( 2 - 5 ) , who was making his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained right hamstring . Josh Bell hit a solo homer in the second for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Bruce homered in the third for the Mets , who have won four of five . Flores led off the fourth with a drive to right for his second homer in two games . Jerry Blevins worked the seventh and Addison Reed worked the last two innings for his eighth save in nine chances . Jordy Mercer doubled with one out in the eighth and was replaced by pinch hitter John Jaso , who walked . Pinch-hitter John Jaso popped out and Adam Frazier grounded out to end it . Harrison led off the ninth with a single , but Gregory Polanco flied out and Bell grounded out to end it .
ARLINGTON , Houston ( AP ) -- The Houston Astros are starting to feel good about themselves . Carlos Beltran homered and drove in three runs , Jose Altuve homered and the Astros beat the Texas Rangers 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Astros had 12 hits and won for the fourth time in five games . Chris Devenski ( 4 - 3 ) struck out three in 1 2/3 innings for the win . Elvis Andrus had three hits and drove in three runs , and Elvis Andrus had three hits and three RBIs . Ken Giles gave up a run in the ninth before striking out Rougned Odor for his 15th save in 16 chances . Carlos Beltran had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in three runs for the Astros , who have won four of five . Elvis Andrus had three hits and three RBIs for the Rangers , including a two - run double in the fifth that made it 5 - 4 . Elvis Andrus had a three - run double for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Will Harris struck out Jonathan Lucroy with the bases loaded to end the seventh . Jose Altuve had three hits , including a homer off Keone Kela in the ninth for Texas , and Carlos Beltran added a three - run shot for the Astros . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI single by Carlos Correa and a two - run single by Carlos Beltran . Shin-Soo Choo singled to start the bottom of the first and scored on Elvis Andrus ' single . Beltran led off the second with a homer to tie the game 1 - 1 . He also had a two - run homer in the second .
MIAMI -- Gio Gonzalez has been one of the best pitchers in the majors . Gonzalez pitched eight shutout innings , and the Washington Nationals beat the Miami Marlins 1 - 0 Friday night . Gonzalez ( 9 - 5 ) allowed one hit and three walks , struck out five , and lowered his ERA to 2.66 . Sean Doolittle pitched the ninth for his seventh save in nine chances . Jose Urena ( 9 - 5 ) allowed one run and three hits in eight innings . He struck out six and walked one . Brian Goodwin led off the sixth with a double , advanced to third on Wilmer Difo 's sacrifice bunt and scored on Harper 's single to right . The Nationals , who have the worst record in the majors , won for only the second time in their past 10 games . The Marlins , who have the worst record in the majors , lost for the fourth time in their past five games . The Nationals went 1 for 9 with runners in scoring position . Brian Goodwin led off the sixth with a double , advanced to third on Wilmer Difo 's sacrifice bunt and scored on Harper 's single to center . The Marlins went 0 for 9 with runners in scoring position . They were 0 for 9 with runners in scoring position . The Marlins threatened in the eighth when Brian Goodwin led off with a double , took third on Wilmer Difo 's sacrifice and scored on Harper 's single to center . The Marlins went 0 for 7 with runners in scoring position . The Marlins had a runner at third with one out in the eighth , but Gonzalez retired pinch hitter Ichiro Suzuki on a flyout .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- The Chicago White Sox are going to make a run at the playoffs . Jose Abreu drove in the tying run with a two - out single in the ninth inning , and the White Sox rallied for a 7 - 6 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Wednesday night . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . Matt Davidson hit a two - run homer and Yolmer Sanchez added a solo shot in the eighth for the White Sox , who have won six of their last seven games . Chris Beck ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Darwin Barney hit a three - run double in the sixth for the Blue Jays , who have lost five of six . The White Sox trailed 6 - 0 before scoring three times in the eighth against reliever Joe Biagini . Jose Abreu hit an RBI double and Matt Davidson followed with a two - run homer off Ryan Tepera . Yolmer Sanchez followed with a solo shot off Ryan Tepera to make it 6 - 5 . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth on a single by Yolmer Sanchez , a single by Kendrys Morales and a single by Kevin Pillar . Alen Hanson 's sacrifice fly made it 6 - 1 , but Shields struck out Jose Bautista to end the inning . Shields allowed six runs and eight hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked two .
TORONTO -- Albert Pujols is n't sure how long he 'll be in the lineup . Pujols hit a game-ending grand slam in Toronto 's four - run ninth inning and the Toronto Blue Jays rallied to beat the Los Angeles Angels 11 - 10 on Wednesday night . Matt Dermody ( 1 - 0 ) pitched three innings of one - hit relief for the win . The Blue Jays trailed 10 - 4 after Kevin Pillar hit a two - run homer off Brooks Pounders in the ninth . Bud Norris ( 1 - 4 ) allowed four runs and three hits in one - third of an inning for the loss . Matt Dermody ( 1 - 0 ) pitched three innings for the win despite giving up a run in the ninth . The Angels opened the scoring in the first when Mike Trout hit a one - out single and Pujols followed with a drive into the second deck in left . The Blue Jays answered with a four - run third against Jesse Chavez . Kaleb Valdez gave up a leadoff triple to Kaleb Cowart and scored on Yunel Escobar 's double . Trout was intentionally walked , Albert Pujols singled home a run and Andrelton Simmons hit a two - run double before Ben Revere greeted Aaron Loup with an RBI single . The Angels made it 8 - 4 in the fifth when Ben Revere scored on Martin Maldonado 's sacrifice fly . Pujols hit a solo homer off Mike Bolsinger in the sixth , his eighth . Pujols added a solo homer off Mike Bolsinger in the sixth .
SAN DIEGO -- Andrew McCutchen is going to have to be patient at the plate . McCutchen hit three home runs and drove in three runs to lead the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 7 - 1 victory over the San Diego Padres on Friday night . McCutchen became the first player in major league history to hit three home runs in the same game , according to information provided to the Pirates by the Elias Sports Bureau . Pinch-hitter Josh Bell added a solo homer in the top of the ninth off Jose Torres . Cole ( 9 - 7 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings , struck out eight and walked two . The Pirates ' only run came on a solo homer by Josh Bell in the seventh . Clayton Richard ( 5 - 12 ) went six innings , allowing four runs and seven hits . He struck out five and walked two . McCutchen 's first homer was a solo shot in the first inning . The Pirates chased Richard in the sixth . Andrew McCutchen led off with a walk and David Freese singled before Osuna tripled into the gap in right-center . Jordy Mercer followed with an RBI single to make it 4 - 0 . Dusty Coleman hit his first major league homer , a solo shot in the seventh off Jose Torres that made it 4 - 1 . McCutchen hit a leadoff homer in the eighth off Jose Torres to give the Pirates a 6 - 1 lead . It was his second career multihomer game and first this season . McCutchen 's second homer , off Jose Torres in the ninth , extended the Pirates ' lead to 7 - 1 .
ARLINGTON , Texas ( AP ) -- Rougned Odor and the rest of the Texas Rangers ' lineup had a lot to do with it . Odor homered twice and drove in five runs to lead the Baltimore Orioles to a 10 - 6 victory over the Texas Rangers on Friday night . Odor , who had a career-high five RBIs , had a career-high five RBIs . Castillo 's three - run homer in the fifth off Martin Perez ( 5 - 9 ) made it 9 - 2 . Wade Miley ( 5 - 9 ) allowed two runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . Mychal Givens got the last out of the ninth , and Zach Britton got the last two outs for his eighth save in eight chances . Martin Perez ( 5 - 9 ) gave up eight runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . Machado led off the fourth with a double and scored on a single by Trey Mancini before Chris Davis had an RBI single . Welington Castillo had an RBI single before Ruben Tejada hit an RBI grounder . Odor 's two - run single in the fourth was the only other hit off Miley , who allowed two runs and four hits in five innings . Schoop hit a two - run homer in the fifth to make it 6 - 2 . Rougned Odor added a solo homer in the sixth off Darren O'Day , who was making his major league debut . Odor 's second homer was a two - run shot off Miguel Castro in the eighth .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Kyle Schwarber is n't the hottest hitter in the majors . Schwarber homered twice and drove in four runs to lead the Chicago Cubs to a 6 - 3 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Friday night . Schwarber 's first multihomer game was a two - run shot in the opener of a three - game series at U. S. Cellular Field on Tuesday night . Anthony Rizzo and Kyle Schwarber hit two - run homers in the fourth off Mike Pelfrey ( 3 - 8 ) . Lester ( 8 - 6 ) gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . Jose Abreu hit two home runs for Chicago , including a solo shot in the ninth off Koji Uehara . Mike Pelfrey ( 3 - 8 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked two . Willy Garcia led off the third with a homer for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Rizzo led off the fourth with a homer to left , his second of the season . Willson Contreras walked and Schwarber followed with a drive to right . Albert Almora Jr. led off the fifth with a double , moved to third on Ben Zobrist 's groundout and scored on Kris Bryant 's sacrifice fly to make it 4 - 2 . Willson Contreras led off the sixth with a single and scored on Kyle Schwarber 's triple to make it 5 - 2 . Schwarber 's homer off Aaron Bummer in the eighth made it 6 - 2 .
SEATTLE -- Chris Sale was n't about to let the game get away from him . Sale struck out a season-high 11 in seven shutout innings , and the Boston Red Sox beat the Seattle Mariners 4 - 0 on Friday night . Sale ( 13 - 4 ) allowed three hits and walked one . The Red Sox won for the seventh time in nine games and moved within one game of first-place Tampa Bay in the AL East . Sale has been one of the best pitchers in the American League . Craig Kimbrel got the final two outs for his 25th save in 27 chances . He struck out Mitch Haniger and Carlos Ruiz with runners on second and third to end the game . Sandy Leon hit a two - run homer in the fourth off Seattle starter Andrew Moore ( 1 - 3 ) , who gave up four runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . Moore , who had won his previous two starts , gave up four runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked one . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Hanley Ramirez led off with a walk and took third on Jackie Bradley Jr. 's double . Ramirez scored on Moreland 's sacrifice fly to center . Devers led off the third with his first home run of the season , a drive into the right-field seats on a 2 - 1 pitch . Leon added a two - out , two - run homer in the fourth off Seattle starter Andrew Moore ( 1 - 3 ) . The Mariners threatened in the sixth when Ben Gamel led off with a single , but Sale struck out Nelson Cruz and Danny Valencia before Kyle Seager popped out to end the inning . The Red Sox loaded the bases with no outs in the eighth on singles by Andrew Benintendi and Dustin Pedroia and a hit batter , but Emilio Pagan struck out Jackie Bradley Jr. and got Xander Bogaerts to ground out .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Luis Severino is making a strong case to stay in the rotation . Severino struck out nine in seven sharp innings and the New York Yankees beat the Cincinnati Reds 9 - 5 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Severino ( 7 - 4 ) gave up three hits and two unearned runs , lowering his ERA to 3.03 . He has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . The Reds scored twice in the seventh on an error by shortstop Jose Peraza and a wild pitch by Severino ( 7 - 4 ) , who struck out nine and walked two . Gary Sanchez and Matt Holliday added RBI doubles in the seventh off Homer Bailey ( 2 - 5 ) , who gave up seven runs -- five earned -- and 10 hits in six - plus innings . Adam Duvall hit a three - run homer off Luis Cessa in the eighth to make it 9 - 5 . Bailey ( 2 - 5 ) gave up seven runs -- five earned -- and 10 hits in six - plus innings . He walked one and struck out none . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Ronald Torreyes singled with two outs and scored on Clint Frazier 's two - out single . The Yankees made it 2 - 0 in the fifth . Ronald Torreyes singled with two outs and advanced to second on Brett Gardner 's single . Frazier followed with a sharp single to right field that made it 2 - 0 . The Yankees made it 4 - 0 in the sixth . Didi Gregorius reached on a two - base throwing error by shortstop Jose Peraza and scored on Chase Headley 's single . Bailey hit Frazier with a pitch and Jacoby Ellsbury reached on an error by first baseman Joey Votto . Suarez advanced to third on a wild pitch and scored on Tucker Barnhart 's groundout . Duvall 's three - run shot off Luis Cessa made it 9 - 5 in the eighth .
NEW YORK -- Didi Gregorius and the rest of the lineup have been waiting for more than a week . Gregorius homered and drove in two runs , and the New York Yankees beat the Cincinnati Reds 4 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Didi Gregorius also homered and drove in two runs for the AL East leaders , who won for the seventh time in nine games . New York won for the fifth time in six games . Jordan Montgomery ( 7 - 5 ) gave up one run and two hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Aroldis Chapman pitched a perfect ninth for his 12th save in 15 chances . Luis Castillo ( 1 - 4 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in five - plus innings . The Yankees loaded the bases with no outs in the second on a single by Matt Holliday , a single by Didi Gregorius and a single by Chase Headley . Todd Frazier then hit a drive to the warning track in right field , but Todd Frazier slid in ahead of the ball . Gregorius hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth for a 2 - 0 lead . The Yankees made it 3 - 0 in the fifth when Todd Frazier singled , took second on Tyler Wade 's groundout and scored on Austin Romine 's one - out double . Scott Schebler led off the sixth with a double and scored on Arismendy Alcantara 's groundout . The Reds closed to 3 - 2 in the eighth when Devin Mesoraco walked and Jose Peraza walked with one out . Pinch-hitter Zack Cozart grounded into a fielder 's choice , but Adam Warren struck out pinch-hitter Zack Cozart . Gregorius homered off Michael Lorenzen in the eighth .
DETROIT -- The Kansas City Royals had a chance to win the game . Salvador Perez and Mike Moustakas hit consecutive homers in the 12th inning to lift the Royals to a 5 - 3 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . The Royals have won four of their last five games . The Tigers have lost three straight and six of their last seven . Perez led off the 12th with a homer to left off Drew VerHagen ( 0 - 1 ) . Moustakas followed with a drive to left for his 12th of the season . VerHagen ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and three hits in three innings . Kelvin Herrera pitched a perfect 12th for his 20th save in 23 chances . Ian Kinsler led off the Detroit 10th with a single off Kevin McCarthy . Kinsler advanced to second on Alex Presley 's sacrifice bunt , but Miguel Cabrera flied out and Nicholas Castellanos grounded out to end the game . Ian Kinsler led off the Detroit 10th with a single off Kevin McCarthy . Kinsler advanced to second on Alex Presley 's sacrifice bunt , but Miguel Cabrera flied out and Nicholas Castellanos grounded out to end the inning . The Tigers have lost four of five . The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Jorge Bonifacio led off with a single , took second on Lorenzo Cain 's single and scored on a wild pitch . Cain then walked Salvador Perez to load the bases , and Mike Moustakas hit a sacrifice fly to make it 2 - 0 . Jorge Bonifacio led off the sixth with a homer to make it 3 - 0 . The Tigers scored three runs in the sixth , tying the game on Alex Avila 's two - run single off Scott Alexander .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- The Cincinnati Reds got a big lift from Sal Romano . Romano struck out seven in six innings , and the Reds beat the Miami Marlins 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Romano ( 2 - 2 ) gave up one run and three hits in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained left oblique . He had been sidelined with a strained left oblique . The Reds have won six of their last seven games . Romano was coming off one of his worst starts of the season , giving up six runs in five innings of a 12 - 3 loss at Pittsburgh on Sunday . Raisel Iglesias pitched the final two innings for his 17th save in 18 chances . Tom Koehler ( 1 - 5 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and nine hits in 5 2/3 innings . Billy Hamilton had three hits , including an RBI single in the second , and Eugenio Suarez had a solo homer for the Reds , who have won six of their last seven games . A. J. Ellis hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Ichiro Suzuki went 0 for 3 with a walk , ending his streak of reaching base safely in nine straight plate appearances . The Reds took a 4 - 1 lead in the fifth . Billy Hamilton , who had three hits , singled with one out and stole second . Zack Cozart walked , Joey Votto hit an RBI grounder and Scooter Gennett drove in another run with a single . Suarez led off the sixth with his second homer of the season , and Barnhart added a solo shot . The Marlins scored two runs in the seventh off reliever Michael Lorenzen . Miguel Rojas singled in a run , and Marcell Ozuna followed with an RBI single .
PHOENIX ( AP ) -- The Washington Nationals are on a roll . Brian Goodwin and Wilmer Difo homered in a four - run first inning , and the Nationals beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 6 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Nationals have won six of their last seven games . Strasburg allowed one hit in two scoreless innings , striking out two and walking three . Strasburg left with a 6 - 2 lead after two innings . The Nationals scored four runs in the first inning off Robbie Ray ( 9 - 5 ) . Ryan Zimmerman reached on an error by shortstop Chris Owings , Daniel Murphy singled and Anthony Rendon walked to load the bases . Joe Blanton ( 1 - 2 ) got the last two outs of the fifth inning for the win . Wilmer Difo hit a solo homer off T. J. McFarland in the seventh to make it 6 - 2 . Wilmer Difo added a solo homer off T. J. McFarland in the seventh to give Washington a 6 - 2 lead . The Diamondbacks loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh , but Enny Romero struck out Chris Herrmann to end the inning . Ray allowed five runs -- four earned -- and six hits in five innings .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- The Houston Astros were n't going to let a runner reach scoring position until the ninth inning . Marwin Gonzalez hit a go-ahead , three - run homer in the ninth inning , Alex Bregman also connected and the Astros beat the Baltimore Orioles 8 - 4 on Wednesday night . The Astros had 15 hits and won for the fourth time in five games . The Astros trailed 4 - 1 before Yuli Gurriel and Marwin Gonzalez hit two - run homers in the sixth off Chris Tillman . The Astros added two runs in the ninth on an RBI single by Evan Gattis , a sacrifice fly by Carlos Beltran and a sacrifice fly by Carlos Beltran . Francis Martes ( 3 - 0 ) got the win with 2 1/3 innings of hitless relief . Orioles starter Chris Tillman allowed three runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings , including a two - run homer by Marwin Gonzalez in the sixth . Francis Martes ( 3 - 0 ) got the win with 2 1/3 innings of hitless relief . Alex Bregman hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Jones hit a two - run homer in the fifth , and Schoop added a two - run shot later in the inning to make it 4 - 1 . Tillman gave up three runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked none . Astros starter Collin McHugh gave up four runs and four hits in 4 2/3 innings .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- Chris Taylor is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Taylor hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs to lead the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 6 - 2 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Friday night , extending their winning streak to six games . The Dodgers took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth when Yasmani Grandal scored from third on a throwing error by catcher Tyler Flowers . Pinch-hitter Enrique Hernandez singled off Sam Freeman with one out in the eighth and scored on Chris Taylor 's two - run homer . Rich Hill ( 7 - 4 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings , struck out eight and walked two . Julio Teheran ( 7 - 8 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings , struck out six and walked one . The right-hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in his last four starts . Seager 's homer in the first inning was his 23rd of the season and second in as many games . Utley led off the third with his 18th homer , extending the Dodgers ' lead to 2 - 0 . The Braves tied it in the fifth on Freddie Freeman 's RBI groundout and Matt Kemp 's RBI single . The Dodgers regained the lead in the sixth when Yasmani Grandal scored from third on a fielder 's choice grounder by Pederson . Sam Freeman relieved Teheran in the seventh and gave up a single to pinch-hitter Enrique Hernandez and a two - out single to pinch-hitter Austin Barnes before Taylor tripled to center . Taylor 's two - run triple off Luke Jackson made it 6 - 2 in the eighth .
CINCINNATI -- Jose Urena was n't going to let the game get away . Urena pitched three - hit ball into the seventh inning , and the Miami Marlins beat the Cincinnati Reds 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Urena ( 8 - 4 ) gave up one run and three hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked two . A. J. Ramos pitched the ninth for his 18th save in 20 chances . The Marlins won for the fourth time in five games and moved two games over .500 for the first time this season . The Reds have lost five of their last six overall . The Reds have lost six of their last seven games . Homer Bailey ( 2 - 4 ) gave up eight hits and two runs with two walks and three strikeouts in six innings . The Marlins scored two runs off Bailey in the first inning . Dee Gordon singled , took third on a double by Giancarlo Stanton and scored on Christian Yelich 's groundout . Stanton scored on a wild pitch , and Stanton scored on a wild pitch . The Reds cut it to 2 - 1 in the third . Scott Schebler was hit by a pitch , Tucker Barnhart singled and Billy Hamilton hit a sacrifice fly to cut it to 2 - 1 . Miguel Rojas led off the seventh with a single off Wandy Peralta and scored on Christian Yelich 's two - out single . The Reds loaded the bases with no outs in the seventh on a single by Eugenio Suarez , a wild pitch and a walk to Scott Schebler . Junichi Tazawa relieved Urena and got Billy Hamilton to ground into a force at the plate , then got Billy Hamilton to ground into a force at the plate . Zack Cozart flied out to end the inning . Scooter Gennett doubled with two outs in the eighth off Kyle Barraclough , but Eugenio Suarez popped out to end the threat .
CHICAGO -- The St. Louis Cardinals ' offense was n't much better . Paul DeJong hit a two - run double during St. Louis ' seven - run eighth inning , and the Cardinals beat the Chicago Cubs 11 - 4 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Cardinals won for the seventh time in nine games , and their magic number for clinching their third straight NL Central title remained at three . The Cardinals beat the Chicago White Sox 4 - 2 . St. Louis , which had lost six of its previous seven games , scored seven times in the eighth . Carl Edwards Jr. ( 3 - 2 ) took the loss . Matt Bowman ( 2 - 3 ) got the win with one - third of an inning . Cubs starter Jake Arrieta gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out six and walked none . Willson Contreras hit a two - run homer in the first off Carlos Martinez , who allowed 10 hits and three runs -- two earned -- and struck out three in six innings . Randal Grichuk hit a solo homer in the second for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . The Cardinals tied it in the third on a two - out double by Pham and an RBI double by Dexter Fowler . The Cubs regained the lead in the fifth . Arrieta reached on an error by shortstop Paul DeJong and took second on Jason Heyward 's single . Ben Zobrist reached on a fielder 's choice and Rizzo singled to right to put the Cubs up 3 - 2 . The Cardinals regained the lead in the fifth when Jason Heyward scored from second on Rizzo 's single to right . The Cubs took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth when Jason Heyward singled and scored on Rizzo 's one - out single to right . The Cubs took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth when Jason Heyward singled and scored on Rizzo 's one - out single to right . The Cubs took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth when Jason Heyward singled and scored on Rizzo 's one - out single to right . The Cubs took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth when Jason Heyward singled and scored on Rizzo 's one - out single to right . The Cubs took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth when Jason Heyward singled and scored on Rizzo 's one - out single to right . The Cubs took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth when Jason Heyward singled and scored on Rizzo 's one - out single to right . The Cubs took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth when Jason Heyward singled and scored on Rizzo 's one - out single to right . The Cubs took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth when Jason Heyward singled and scored on Rizzo 's one - out single to right . The Cubs took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth when Jason Heyward singled and scored on Rizzo 's one - out single to right . The Cubs took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth when Jason Heyward singled and scored on Rizzo 's one - out single to right . The Cubs took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth when Jason Heyward singled and scored on Rizzo 's one - out single to right . The Cubs took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth when Jason Heyward singled and scored on Rizzo 's one - out single to right . The Cubs took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth when Jason Heyward scored from second on Rizzo 's single to right . The Cubs took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth when Jason Heyward scored from second on Rizzo 's single to right . The Cubs took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth when Jason Heyward scored from second on Rizzo 's single to right . The Cardinals tied it in the fifth on Anthony Rizzo 's RBI single , but the Cubs regained the lead in the bottom half on Anthony Rizzo 's RBI single . The Cardinals regained the lead in the bottom of the inning when Jason Heyward singled and scored on Rizzo 's single . The Cubs regained the lead in the fifth when Jason Heyward singled and scored on Rizzo 's one - out single . The Cardinals tied it in the fifth when Jason Heyward singled and scored on Rizzo 's one - out single to right . The Cubs took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth when Jason Heyward singled and scored on Rizzo 's one - out single to right . The Cubs took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth when Jason Heyward singled and scored on Rizzo 's one - out single to right . The Cardinals tied it in the fifth on Anthony Rizzo 's RBI single , but the Cubs regained the lead in the bottom half on Anthony Rizzo 's RBI single . The Cardinals tied it in the bottom of the inning when Arrieta reached on an error by shortstop Paul DeJong , took second on Jason Heyward 's single and scored on Rizzo 's single to put the Cubs up 3 - 2 . The Cardinals regained the lead in the fifth when Jason Heyward singled and scored on Rizzo 's single to right . The Cubs took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth when Jason
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) -- Aaron Nola had a strong outing . Nola struck out nine in seven strong innings to lead the Philadelphia Phillies to a 6 - 1 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Friday night . Nola ( 7 - 6 ) allowed one run and five hits to win for the first time in five starts . Tommy Joseph hit a two - run double and Freddy Galvis had a sacrifice fly in the sixth for the Phillies , who have won four of five . Matt Garza ( 4 - 5 ) gave up two runs and three hits in five innings . Galvis hit a two - run homer in the first off Matt Garza ( 4 - 5 ) to give the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead . The Brewers cut it to 2 - 1 in the second on Brett Phillips ' two - out homer to right . The Brewers had runners on first and second with two outs in the sixth , but pinch-hitter Keon Broxton struck out and Travis Shaw grounded out to end the inning . The Phillies scored four runs off Carlos Torres in the sixth . Franco singled and took third on a double by Daniel Nava . Joseph followed with a double down the right-field line to make it 4 - 1 . Torres walked Andrew Knapp to load the bases before walking Cesar Hernandez to force in a run . Freddy Galvis ' sacrifice fly made it 6 - 1 . Jonathan Villar doubled with one out in the eighth , but Pat Neshek retired pinch-hitter Jesus Aguilar on a grounder to third . Phillies closer Hector Neris pitched a scoreless ninth .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Michael Conforto was n't sure he 'd ever hit two home runs . Conforto hit two home runs and drove in four runs , and the New York Mets held on for a 7 - 5 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . Conforto , who had a two - run homer in the sixth inning Friday night , hit a two - run shot in the seventh to give the Mets a 7 - 3 lead . Conforto hit a two - run shot in the seventh and a two - run homer in the seventh to give the Mets a 7 - 3 lead . It was his second multihomer game of the season and the first since he hit two against the Mets on June 26 , 2009 . It was Conforto 's second multihomer game of the season and the first since he hit two against the Mets on June 26 , 2007 . Rivera was booed by the crowd of 40,359 when he stepped to the plate in the sixth inning . Matt Joyce singled off Erik Goeddel to start the eighth , and pinch-hitter Matt Olson struck out . Addison Reed came on and gave up an RBI single to Jed Lowrie . Reed walked Rajai Davis to load the bases , and Marcus Semien greeted Reed with an RBI single to make it 7 - 5 . But Yonder Alonso fouled out and Davis struck out to end it . Blackburn ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out one and walked one . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Rajai Davis singled , took third on a single by Marcus Semien and scored on Healy 's single . Conforto hit a two - run homer in the third to give the Mets a 2 - 1 lead . The A 's took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth . Rajai Davis singled with one out and scored on Semien 's single . Semien later scored on Khris Davis ' sacrifice fly .
BOSTON -- Drew Pomeranz had a simple explanation for his recent struggles . The Red Sox left-hander gave up an unearned run and three hits in 6 2/3 innings , and the Red Sox beat the Toronto Blue Jays 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Pomeranz ( 10 - 4 ) gave up one unearned run and three hits , walking five and striking out three . Dustin Pedroia drove in three runs , including a two - run single in a four - run second inning that gave the Red Sox a 4 - 0 lead . Aaron Sanchez ( 1 - 3 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and six hits in four innings . He walked five and struck out two . The Red Sox scored four runs in the second . Chris Young led off with a double and took third on a single by Jackie Bradley Jr. , who stole second and scored on Deven Marrero 's two - run single . Pedroia 's two - run single made it 5 - 0 in the fourth . The Blue Jays cut it to 5 - 1 in the fifth when Miguel Montero walked , took third on Darwin Barney 's grounder and scored on Jose Bautista 's sacrifice fly . The Blue Jays cut it to 5 - 1 in the fifth on a sacrifice fly by Jose Bautista . The Blue Jays made it 5 - 1 in the seventh when Miguel Montero drew a two - out walk , but Heath Hembree struck out Darwin Barney to end the inning . The Blue Jays had runners on first and second with two outs in the eighth before Heath Hembree struck out Justin Smoak to end the inning . The Blue Jays had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth against Ben Taylor , who struck out Miguel Montero to end the inning .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros have been waiting for Mike Fiers to get back on track this season . Fiers struck out a season-high 11 in seven innings to help the Houston Astros beat the Minnesota Twins 5 - 3 on Friday night . Fiers ( 6 - 4 ) allowed four hits and two runs . He did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Norichika Aoki drove in two runs with a double in the fourth inning to help the Astros to a 3 - 2 lead . Fiers has allowed two runs or fewer in six of his last seven starts . Ken Giles allowed a run in the ninth but got Kennys Vargas to ground out for his 20th save . Kyle Gibson ( 5 - 8 ) allowed six hits and four runs with six strikeouts in six innings for the loss . Kennys Vargas put the Twins up 1 - 0 with a solo homer in the second inning . Alex Bregman singled with two outs in the second inning and advanced to second on Nori Aoki 's single . Marisnick singled to right field to tie it at 1 . Ehire Adrianza put the Twins up 2 - 1 with a solo homer in the third inning . The Astros scored in the fourth on a double by Yuli Gurriel and walks to Marwin Gonzalez and Alex Bregman . Gibson struck out Alex Bregman before Aoki lined a two - run double down the left-field line to put Houston up 3 - 2 . Jake Marisnick drew a leadoff walk in the seventh inning before stealing second base and reaching third on a groundout by Springer . Trevor Hildenberger relieved Gibson and got Josh Reddick on a called third strike to end the inning . Buddy Boshers relieved and struck out Josh Reddick to end the inning .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- The Milwaukee Brewers have a lot of fun to celebrate . Travis Shaw hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth inning , and the Brewers beat the Philadelphia Phillies 3 - 2 on Sunday to complete a three - game sweep . The Brewers have won six of their last seven games , including three in a row , and have won six of their last seven overall . Shaw 's homer in the eighth off Joaquin Benoit ( 1 - 4 ) gave the Brewers a 3 - 2 lead . It was the first home run allowed by Benoit ( 1 - 4 ) , who gave up one run and one hit in one inning . The Brewers have won six of their last seven games . Jacob Barnes ( 2 - 1 ) pitched the eighth for the win . Corey Knebel pitched the ninth for his 16th save in 18 chances . Odubel Herrera hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Phillies , who have lost five of six . Philadelphia 's Aaron Nola gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Phillies grabbed a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth . Cameron Rupp walked , Nick Williams singled and both runners advanced on a wild pitch before Kelly 's fly to deep left field . The Brewers tied it in the fifth . Jonathan Villar singled with two outs , stole second and scored on Eric Thames ' double to tie it at 1 . Hernan Perez led off the sixth with a homer to give Milwaukee a 2 - 1 lead .
DETROIT -- J. D. Martinez is making the most of his opportunity . Martinez hit a three - run homer and drove in five runs , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Toronto Blue Jays 11 - 1 on Tuesday night . J. D. Martinez had a homer and five RBIs for the AL Central leaders , who have won four of five . Martinez hit a three - run homer off Aaron Loup in the eighth to give Detroit a 11 - 1 lead . Michael Fulmer ( 10 - 6 ) allowed one run and two hits in eight innings . He struck out three and walked one . Francisco Liriano ( 5 - 5 ) gave up five runs and three hits in two - plus innings . He walked four and struck out two . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a solo homer by Nicholas Castellanos , but that was it for the Blue Jays . Jose Iglesias had three hits , including an RBI single in the second , and Jose Iglesias had three hits and an RBI for the Tigers , who have won four of their last five games . The Blue Jays made it 5 - 0 in the fourth on Martinez 's two - run single , and Mikie Mahtook 's sacrifice fly made it 5 - 0 . The Blue Jays made it 5 - 1 in the sixth . Jose Iglesias led off with a single , and Ian Kinsler walked . Bautista scored on Justin Upton 's groundout , and Cabrera followed with a two - run homer to make it 8 - 1 . Aaron Loup gave up three runs in the eighth , including a three - run homer by Martinez . Aaron Loup gave up three runs in the eighth .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- The Atlanta Braves have a knack for winning on the road . Freddie Freeman drove in the go-ahead run with a pinch-hit single in the eighth inning , and the Braves beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 4 - 3 on Wednesday night . The Braves , who have the best record in the majors , won for only the second time in eight games . Rex Brothers ( 1 - 0 ) earned his first major league win by striking out Chris Herrmann with runners on first and third to end the eighth . Archie Bradley ( 3 - 2 ) gave up a single to Ender Inciarte and a double to Brandon Phillips to open the eighth . Freeman 's single drove in Ender Inciarte , who led off the inning with a single . Jim Johnson pitched a perfect ninth for his 20th save in 23 chances . Paul Goldschmidt hit a tying homer off Sam Freeman in the seventh to tie the game at 2 . Taijuan Walker gave up two runs and five hits in six innings for Arizona . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Freeman 's homer gave the Braves a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth . Dickey gave up eight hits and two runs in six innings . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Ender Inciarte led off with a double , moved to third on Brandon Phillips ' groundout and scored on Kemp 's two - out single . The Diamondbacks tied it in the sixth . Chris Owings singled , took third on a single by Drury and scored on Daniel Descalso 's single . Jeff Mathis singled to put runners at first and third before Taijuan Walker grounded into a double play .
PHILADELPHIA -- Freddy Galvis ' first multihomer game was a big one . Galvis homered twice and drove in three runs to lead the Philadelphia Phillies to a 7 - 1 win over the San Diego Padres on Friday night . Galvis has been one of the few bright spots for the second straight game , hitting a pair of homers and driving in four runs in his last two games . The NL East-leading Phillies won for the fifth time in six games . Jerad Eickhoff ( 1 - 7 ) gave up five hits and struck out eight in five scoreless innings . Trevor Cahill ( 3 - 3 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out eight without a walk . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Nick Williams ' first homer of the season and Rupp 's solo shot . Cahill hit Aaron Altherr with a pitch with one out in the third and gave up a two - run homer to Galvis that gave the Phillies a 4 - 0 lead . Herrera hit a solo shot in the sixth off Craig Stammen . Altherr and Galvis hit consecutive homers in the seventh off Phil Maton to make it 7 - 0 . Joaquin Benoit pitched a scoreless eighth . The Padres scored a run off Hector Neris in the ninth . Erick Aybar led off with a double and scored on Hector Sanchez 's sacrifice fly . Wil Myers walked before Neris got Jose Pirela to fly out to end the inning .
DENVER ( AP ) -- Nolan Arenado was n't sure if he 'd ever hit a home run . Arenado hit a tiebreaking homer in the ninth inning to lift the Chicago White Sox to a 5 - 4 win over the Colorado Rockies on Friday night . Arenado has been on a tear since returning from the disabled list on June 8 . He has been in a season-long slump . Tommy Kahnle ( 1 - 3 ) got the win despite giving up a tying sacrifice fly to Gerardo Parra in the eighth . Greg Holland ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss . Anderson led off the ninth with a home run off Rockies closer Greg Holland ( 1 - 1 ) . David Robertson pitched a perfect ninth for his 13th save in 14 chances . The White Sox jumped on Jeff Hoffman for three runs in the first . Abreu tripled and Todd Frazier walked before Sanchez tripled into the right-field corner . Kevan Smith followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 0 . The Rockies got a run back in the bottom of the first when Arenado hit a two - run homer off Quintana . The White Sox added a run in the fourth when Willy Garcia tripled and scored on Jose Quintana 's sacrifice fly . The Rockies got a run back in the sixth when DJ LeMahieu led off with a walk and took third on a one - out walk to Mark Reynolds . Parra 's double to right made it 4 - 3 , but Tony Wolters grounded out to end the inning . Hoffman allowed four runs and seven hits in seven innings .
PHOENIX ( AP ) -- Luis Castillo did n't have his best stuff . The Cincinnati right-hander threw 6 2/3 scoreless innings in his first start of the season , and the Reds beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7 - 0 on Tuesday night . Castillo ( 1 - 1 ) allowed three hits , struck out eight and walked one . Joey Votto hit a two - run homer in Cincinnati 's three - run first inning , and the Reds scored three times in the first off Taijuan Walker ( 6 - 4 ) . Walker ( 6 - 4 ) gave up five runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Reds jumped on Walker for three runs in the first inning . Billy Hamilton led off with a walk , stole second and scored on Zack Cozart 's triple . Votto then drove a 1 - 0 pitch into the pool area in right-center field for a two - run homer . The Reds made it 4 - 0 in the fourth when Tucker Barnhart hit a one - out double , then scored on Billy Hamilton 's two - out single . Gennett 's homer made it 5 - 0 in the fifth . Jake Lamb led off the seventh with a single , but Castillo struck out Chris Owings and Brandon Drury before Wandy Peralta replaced De La Rosa and gave up a sacrifice fly to Joey Votto that made it 7 - 0 . Barnhart 's homer in the ninth off Jorge De La Rosa made it 6 - 0 . Ariel Hernandez came on in the ninth and got Chris Owings to ground out , then walked Drury . He got Ketel Marte to pop out to second to end the inning . The Diamondbacks had a chance to win it in the ninth , but Ariel Hernandez got Ketel Marte to pop out to end the inning .
TORONTO -- Josh Donaldson is starting to feel comfortable at the plate . Donaldson hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs to lead the Toronto Blue Jays to a 7 - 2 victory over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . Donaldson has hit safely in 10 of his past 12 games and has hit safely in 10 of his past 13 games . Tulowitzki hit a three - run homer off Chris Devenski in the seventh and the Blue Jays won for the seventh time in nine games . Tulowitzki , who leads the majors with a .252 average , went 2 - for - 4 with three RBIs . Stroman ( 9 - 5 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings , walked three and struck out six . Mike Fiers ( 5 - 4 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out six . The Astros opened the scoring in the third when Nori Aoki walked and scored on George Springer 's double . Josh Reddick followed with a single , but Stroman got Evan Gattis to fly out to end the inning . Donaldson hit a two - run homer in the fifth off Mike Fiers ( 5 - 4 ) , who allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out six . Tulowitzki went 2 - for - 4 with a homer and three RBIs . Russell Martin singled with one out in the seventh and Josh Donaldson followed with a walk . Justin Smoak followed with a double to right , scoring Martin . Joe Biagini came on and struck out Carlos Correa , then gave up a first-pitch homer to Marwin Gonzalez .
TORONTO -- Francisco Liriano was n't sure what to expect . Liriano won for the first time in four starts and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Houston Astros 7 - 4 on Wednesday night . Liriano ( 5 - 4 ) allowed three runs and nine hits in six innings , walked one and struck out four . Roberto Osuna worked the ninth for his 22nd save in 26 chances . Lance McCullers ( 7 - 2 ) allowed six runs , five earned , and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out three . The Astros lost for the fifth time in six games . The Astros opened the scoring in the second when Marwin Gonzalez hit a leadoff homer to left , his ninth . The Astros reclaimed the lead in the fifth . Alex Bregman hit a leadoff double and went to third on George Springer 's one - out single before scoring on Altuve 's single . The Blue Jays made it 6 - 2 in the fifth on a two - run single by Josh Donaldson , a run-scoring double by Kendrys Morales and an RBI double by Ryan Goins . Martin hit a leadoff homer off Dayan Diaz in the sixth , his fourth . The Astros cut it to 7 - 3 in the seventh on Jose Altuve 's two - out RBI single off Ryan Tepera . Beltran hit a leadoff homer off Ryan Tepera in the eighth and the Astros loaded the bases before Jeff Beliveau came on and got Josh Reddick to fly out .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Pittsburgh Pirates have been waiting all season to win . Josh Bell hit a go-ahead , two - run homer in the eighth inning and Andrew McCutchen had three hits to lead the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 6 - 3 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Friday night . The Pirates won for the fifth time in six games . Chad Kuhl ( 3 - 6 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in seven innings . He struck out three and walked three . Aaron Altherr hit a tying two - run single in the seventh to tie it at 3 . Joaquin Benoit ( 1 - 3 ) gave up three runs and four hits in two - thirds of an inning . Juan Nicasio pitched a perfect ninth for his first save in three tries . Andrew McCutchen had three hits and scored twice for the Pirates , who have won four of five . Philadelphia 's Jeremy Hellickson gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Knapp led off with a walk and scored on a wild pitch . The Pirates took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on Bell 's two - run homer and Polanco 's solo shot . The Phillies tied it in the seventh on Altherr 's two - out , two - run single off Kuhl .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins are starting to find a way to win . Eduardo Escobar hit a two - run triple during Minnesota 's six - run third inning , and the Twins beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 4 on Wednesday night for their eighth straight victory . The Twins have won six of their last seven games . Jose Berrios ( 8 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and seven hits with four strikeouts and no walks in six innings . Brandon Kintzler pitched the ninth for his 23rd save in 26 chances . Dylan Bundy ( 8 - 8 ) gave up six runs on five hits and two walks in five innings for the loss . The Orioles have lost five of their last six games . The Orioles took a 2 - 0 lead in the second when Adam Jones reached on an error by first baseman Miguel Sano and scored on Hyun Soo Kim 's sacrifice fly . In the third , Jason Castro was hit by a pitch to start the inning and Byron Buxton followed with a single . Robbie Grossman reached on an error by first baseman Miguel Sano , loading the bases with one out . Paul Janish followed with an RBI groundout to cut the lead to 6 - 3 , but Seth Smith grounded out to end the inning . The Orioles cut the lead to 6 - 4 in the sixth on a sacrifice fly by Hyun Soo Kim . The Orioles loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh , but Tyler Duffey got Trey Mancini to ground out to first to end the threat .
MILWAUKEE -- Eric Thames is starting to feel comfortable at the plate . Thames homered twice and drove in two runs to lead the Milwaukee Brewers to a 6 - 2 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Friday night . Stephen Vogt hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Stephen Vogt added a two - run shot for the Brewers , who won for the seventh time in nine games . Thames hit a solo shot in the fifth to make it 4 - 0 , and Shaw 's solo shot in the fifth gave the Brewers a 5 - 0 lead . Nelson ( 7 - 4 ) allowed an unearned run and six hits in seven innings , striking out eight without a walk . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 3 - 4 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked three . The Orioles got a run back in the seventh on an RBI single by Joey Rickard . Pinch-hitter Eric Sogard led off the bottom of the inning with a pinch-hit single off Tyler Wilson and scored on a two - out homer by Eric Thames . Jonathan Schoop hit a solo homer off Carlos Torres in the ninth , and Orlando Arcia added an RBI single to give the Brewers a 3 - 0 lead . The Orioles made it 3 - 0 in the second . Hernan Perez led off with a walk and scored on Vogt 's second homer of the season . Keon Broxton singled , stole second and scored on Orlando Arcia 's single to make it 3 - 0 . The Orioles did n't get another hit until Mark Trumbo singled with one out in the fifth . Trey Mancini followed with a single before Caleb Joseph lined into a double play to end the inning . Thames homered in the fifth to make it 4 - 0 , and Shaw added a solo shot that made it 5 - 0 .
CLEVELAND -- The San Diego Padres have been waiting all season long enough to keep their winning streak going . The San Diego Padres won for the seventh time in eight games , beating the Cleveland Indians 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . The Padres , who have the worst record in the majors , have won six of their last seven games . The Indians , who have the worst record in the majors , lost for the fourth time in five games . Carlos Santana went 2 - for - 4 with a ninth-inning single for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Kluber ( 7 - 3 ) gave up one run and five hits over eight innings . He struck out 10 and walked one . The Indians have lost four of five . Kluber ( 7 - 3 ) gave up five hits and struck out 10 in eight innings . He retired the first 10 hitters before Hector Sanchez led off the fifth with a single . Carlos Asuaje walked and Erick Aybar hit into a fielder 's choice . Jose Torres ( 5 - 2 ) retired Michael Brantley on a grounder to end the threat . The Indians loaded the bases with one out in the fifth on singles by Bradley Zimmer and Yan Gomes and a walk to Francisco Lindor . Torres came on and got Jason Kipnis to ground into a fielder 's choice . Francisco Lindor walked to load the bases , but Torres got Michael Brantley to ground out . Ryan Buchter worked the seventh and Ryan Buchter worked the ninth . Cory Spangenberg led off the eighth with a single and moved to second on a wild pitch . But Austin Hedges popped out and Jose Pirela struck out . Manuel Margot followed with a single to center , but Manuel Margot was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double .
ANAHEIM , Calif. ( AP ) -- James Paxton was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Paxton took a no-hitter into the seventh inning , and the Seattle Mariners beat the Los Angeles Angels 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Paxton ( 6 - 3 ) gave up one run and two hits in 6 1/3 innings , struck out three and walked two . Robinson Cano hit a three - run homer off Keynan Middleton in the eighth for the Mariners , who have won six of their last seven games . Paxton was staked to a 2 - 0 lead when he walked Kole Calhoun and Albert Pujols with one out in the seventh . Yunel Escobar followed with an RBI single , but Andrelton Simmons grounded into a double play to end the inning . Robinson Cano hit a three - run homer off Keynan Middleton in the eighth for the Mariners , who have won six of their last seven games . Edwin Diaz got the last four outs for his 13th save in 16 attempts , striking out Albert Pujols and Cliff Pennington to end the eighth . Jesse Chavez ( 5 - 9 ) gave up two runs and four hits in five - plus innings and struck out three . The Angels opened the scoring in the third when Guillermo Heredia drew a leadoff walk , took third on a single by Boog Powell and scored on Segura 's single . Segura 's RBI double made it 2 - 0 in the fifth . The Mariners extended their lead to 2 - 0 in the fifth when Boog Powell singled with one out and scored on Segura 's double . Chavez was charged with two runs and four hits in five innings , struck out three and walked two .
MIAMI ( AP ) -- Ben Lively had a lot to do with it . Lively pitched six innings and drove in two runs , leading the Philadelphia Phillies to a 3 - 2 victory over the Miami Marlins on Friday night . The Phillies won for the fifth time in six games and climbed back to .500 . Lively ( 2 - 5 ) allowed two runs and seven hits . He struck out five and walked one . Hector Neris pitched the ninth for his 17th save in 20 chances , striking out J. T. Realmuto with the bases loaded to end the game . The Marlins , who have the worst record in the majors , lost for the fifth time in six games . Hector Neris pitched the ninth for his 17th save in 20 chances , striking out J. T. Realmuto with the bases loaded to end the game . Odrisamer Despaigne ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs and five hits in four innings . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Marcell Ozuna led off with a single and J. T. Realmuto was hit by a pitch . Ozuna scored on Miguel Rojas ' groundout . The Phillies scored three runs in the fourth . Nava was hit by a pitch with one out , Maikel Franco walked and Pedro Florimon singled home a run . Cameron Rupp singled to load the bases , and Lively followed with a two - run single . The Marlins cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the fifth when Dee Gordon led off with a single and scored on Christian Yelich 's one - out double . Gordon led off the seventh with a single , but Morgan struck out Giancarlo Stanton , Christian Yelich and Marcell Ozuna .
PHILADELPHIA -- Ender Inciarte had a big night at the plate . Inciarte had a career-high five hits and drove in four runs , Ender Inciarte had a career-high five hits and drove in four runs , and the Atlanta Braves beat the Philadelphia Phillies 9 - 1 on Wednesday night . Dickey ( 9 - 8 ) gave up one run and seven hits , striking out nine in eight innings . Ender Inciarte had a career-high five hits and drove in four runs and Ender Inciarte had five hits and four RBIs for the Braves , who won for the fourth time in five games . Phillies starter Jerad Eickhoff ( 4 - 8 ) gave up six runs and six hits in two - plus innings . He was replaced by Jesen Therrien after giving up a double to Freddie Freeman and an RBI double to Nick Markakis that made it 5 - 0 in the third . The Braves tacked on three more runs in the fifth off Jesen Therrien , who was making his major league debut . Ozzie Albies led off with a single and scored on Inciarte 's single to make it 9 - 0 . The Phillies had a chance to add to the lead in the fifth when they had runners on first and second with one out . But Jorge Alfaro struck out and pinch-hitter Hyun Soo Kim struck out to end the inning . The Phillies made it 9 - 1 in the seventh when Jorge Alfaro drove in Rhys Hoskins with a two - out single . The Braves tacked on two more runs in the fifth off Jesen Therrien , who was making his major league debut . Ozzie Albies led off with a single and scored on Inciarte 's single to make it 9 - 0 . Hoskins led off the bottom of the seventh with a single and moved to third on Florimon 's single to right . Jorge Alfaro followed with an RBI single to make it 9 - 1 . The Braves loaded the bases with two outs in the ninth against Edubray Ramos , but Ramos struck out Brandon Phillips to end it .
TORONTO -- Chris Sale was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Sale struck out a season-high 11 in seven shutout innings to lead the Boston Red Sox to a 3 - 0 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Wednesday night . Sale ( 15 - 6 ) allowed three hits , walked none and lowered his ERA to 2.77 . He walked none and lowered his ERA to 2.77 . The Red Sox won for the seventh time in nine games and moved within one game of Boston in the AL wild-card race . Sale is the first Red Sox pitcher to throw at least seven scoreless innings in a game since Hall of Famer Juan Marichal in 1990 . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth , but Addison Reed struck out pinch-hitter Ezequiel Carrera and Miguel Montero . Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth for his 31st save in 35 chances . Brett Anderson ( 2 - 3 ) allowed one run and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked none and struck out three . The Red Sox opened the scoring in the sixth when Rajai Davis singled , stole second and scored on Eduardo Nunez 's double off the wall in left . Ramirez hit a two - out homer off Dominic Leone in the seventh , his 12th . The Red Sox made it 3 - 0 in the eighth when Rajai Davis singled , stole second and scored on a single by Andrew Benintendi . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth , but Addison Reed worked out of trouble by getting Steve Pearce to ground into a fielder 's choice . The Blue Jays , who have lost six of their past seven games , have lost five of six .
ANAHEIM , Calif. ( AP ) -- C. J. Cron is making the most of his opportunity . Cron homered twice and drove in four runs , leading the Los Angeles Angels to an 8 - 2 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Friday night . Cron 's three - run homer in the first inning off Oakland starter Chris Smith ( 0 - 4 ) was his first since May 30 , 2007 , when he was with the Texas Rangers . Cron is hitting .258 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last six games . Matt Joyce and Matt Joyce homered in the second for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Jesse Chavez ( 7 - 10 ) pitched four scoreless innings for the win . Chris Smith ( 0 - 4 ) gave up seven runs -- six earned -- and five hits over 3 2/3 innings in his second start of the season . The right-hander , who had won his previous four starts , was charged with seven runs -- six earned -- and five hits in 3 2/3 innings . Cron 's two - run homer in the first inning gave the Angels a 5 - 0 lead , but the Angels responded with five runs in the bottom half . Cameron Maybin led off with a double and scored on Ben Revere 's single . Albert Pujols walked and Kole Calhoun reached on a fielder 's choice before Cron connected on a 2 - 2 pitch . Matt Joyce and Matt Olson hit back-to-back homers in the second for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Cron led off the fourth with his first homer of the season , then added a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Angels a 6 - 2 lead . Cron led off the bottom of the eighth with his second home run of the game , driving a 1 - 2 pitch from Michael Brady deep into the lower seats in the left-field corner for his second career multihomer game . It was his first career two - homer game . Cron added a solo shot in the eighth off Michael Brady .
TORONTO -- The Boston Red Sox keep finding ways to win . Christian Vazquez hit a tiebreaking homer in the seventh inning and the Red Sox beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6 - 5 on Tuesday night , snapping a four - game losing streak . The Red Sox won for the fourth time in five games and moved a season-high 15 games over .500 . Drew Pomeranz ( 14 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings to win for the first time in four starts . He walked five and struck out four . Craig Kimbrel gave up a two - run homer to Justin Smoak in the ninth but held on for his 30th save in 32 chances . Hanley Ramirez led off the seventh with a single off Danny Barnes ( 2 - 5 ) and Vazquez followed with a drive to right , his 11th . Blue Jays right-hander Marcus Stroman allowed two runs , one earned , and seven hits in six innings . He walked none and struck out four . Kendrys Morales hit a two - run double in the first for the Blue Jays , who lost for the fourth time in five games . Marcus Stroman gave up two runs , one earned , and seven hits in six innings . He walked none and struck out four . Nunez led off the third with a homer to left , his 11th . The Blue Jays took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth when Kevin Pillar doubled and scored on Goins ' single . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with one out in the fifth , but Pomeranz escaped by getting Kevin Pillar to ground into a fielder 's choice . Darwin Barney lined out to second to end the threat . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with one out in the fifth , but Pomeranz escaped by getting Kevin Pillar to ground into a fielder 's choice and Darwin Barney on a fly to center .
SAN DIEGO -- The way Jeff Samardzija has been pitching lately , it was n't easy . Samardzija pitched a three - hitter for his second shutout of the season and the San Francisco Giants beat the San Diego Padres 3 - 0 on Wednesday night . Samardzija ( 9 - 12 ) struck out five and walked none . He threw a three - hitter for his second shutout of the season . Brandon Crawford hit a leadoff homer in the fourth off Jhoulys Chacin ( 11 - 10 ) to give the Giants a 1 - 0 lead . Brandon Crawford hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Giants , who have won four of five . Chacin ( 11 - 10 ) allowed one run and two hits in five innings , struck out three and walked four . Joe Panik hit a two - run homer off Phil Maton in the eighth to give San Francisco a 3 - 0 lead . The Giants loaded the bases with two outs in the third on two walks and a single by Hunter Pence , but Pablo Sandoval lined out to third to end the inning . The Padres , who have lost five of six , were shut out for the third time this season . The Giants loaded the bases with two outs in the third on two walks and a single by Pence before Chacin got Pablo Sandoval to line out to end the inning . The Padres did n't get a runner to second base until Cory Spangenberg singled with two outs in the eighth , but Samardzija got Matt Szczur to fly out to end the inning . The Padres were shut out for the third time this season .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- The Washington Nationals have been in first place in the NL East since the All-Star break . Andrew Stevenson , Adam Lind and Andrew Stevenson drove in the go-ahead runs in the sixth inning , and the Nationals rallied to beat the New York Mets 5 - 4 on Wednesday night . The Nationals have won six of their last seven games . Tanner Roark ( 11 - 8 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter . Jose Reyes had three hits , including an RBI double in the sixth for the Mets , who have won four of five . Hansel Robles ( 7 - 5 ) gave up a single to Wilmer Difo and walked Anthony Rendon and Adam Lind to load the bases with one out in the sixth . Goeddel came on to face Lind , who drove a 0 - 1 pitch from Erik Goeddel over the wall in left-center for his 17th home run . Sean Doolittle pitched the ninth for his 16th save in 18 chances . The Nationals scored twice in the fourth . Wilmer Difo and Daniel Murphy led off with singles and scored on Anthony Rendon 's single . Lind followed with a sacrifice fly off Josh Smoker to make it 2 - 0 . The Mets took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth . Jose Reyes , who had three hits , singled with one out and scored on a double by Juan Lagares . Nimmo followed with a two - run homer to left . The Nationals scored twice in the fourth . Wilmer Difo led off with a single and took third on Murphy 's single . Rendon followed with an RBI single and Murphy scored on Adam Lind 's sacrifice fly . Lugo allowed two runs and four hits in 3 2/3 innings .
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) -- Khris Davis has been on the disabled list twice this season . Davis hit two home runs , Kendall Graveman pitched seven strong innings and the Oakland Athletics beat the Texas Rangers 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Khris Davis hit two home runs for the A 's , including a solo shot in the seventh , and Matt Chapman added an RBI single in the seventh for the A 's , who have won four of five following a five - game losing streak . It was Davis ' first multihomer game of the season and the first time he 's homered from both sides of the plate . Khris Davis hit two home runs for the A 's , including a solo shot in the seventh off Nick Martinez ( 3 - 5 ) . Kendall Graveman ( 4 - 4 ) gave up one run and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter . Blake Treinen struck out Nomar Mazara and Mike Napoli in the ninth for his ninth save in 12 chances . Nick Martinez ( 3 - 5 ) gave up three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Adrian Beltre 's RBI single gave Texas a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Delino DeShields led off the game with a single and moved to second on Elvis Andrus ' one - out single . Adrian Beltre followed with an RBI single . Davis tied it in the fourth with his second home run of the season . Robinson Chirinos hit a two - out triple in the seventh but was left stranded when Drew Robinson grounded out to end the inning . The Rangers have lost five of six .
CLEVELAND -- The Cleveland Indians have been waiting for their most consistent starter since the All-Star break . Mitch Moreland homered twice and drove in four runs to lead the Cleveland Indians to a 13 - 6 win over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night . The Indians won for the seventh time in eight games and moved within one game of first-place Detroit in the AL Central . The Indians won for the seventh time in eight games and moved within one game of first-place Detroit in the AL Central . Trevor Bauer ( 13 - 8 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out eight and walked three . Chris Sale ( 14 - 6 ) gave up seven runs , six earned , and seven hits in three - plus innings . The Red Sox lost for the fifth time in six games and fell a half-game behind the New York Yankees in the AL East . The Indians scored four runs in the second . Jay Bruce and Brandon Guyer singled to start the inning and Yandy Diaz walked to load the bases . Roberto Perez singled in Bruce with the bases loaded , and Urshela drove in a run with a fielder 's choice . Urshela 's two - run single made it 7 - 1 in the third . Xander Bogaerts hit a two - run triple and Mitch Moreland added an RBI single in the fourth for Boston . Bruce hit a solo homer off Brandon Workman in the sixth to make it 13 - 4 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made it 13 - 6 . Moreland 's two - run homer off Nick Goody in the eighth made
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- The Kansas City Royals have been waiting for Eric Hosmer to come through in clutch situations . Hosmer hit a three - run homer with two outs in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the Royals to a 6 - 4 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Eric Hosmer hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs for the Royals , who have won four of five . Holland ( 2 - 5 ) gave up a leadoff walk to Alex Gordon and a two - out single to Melky Cabrera before Hosmer hit a 1 - 1 pitch over the wall in right . Holland ( 2 - 5 ) was charged with three runs and two hits in two - thirds of an inning . Brandon Maurer ( 3 - 5 ) worked the ninth to pick up the victory . Whit Merrifield had four hits and drove in a run for the Royals , who have lost three straight and six of seven . Hosmer drove in four runs and Whit Merrifield had four hits and drove in a run . Charlie Blackmon and DJ LeMahieu had three hits apiece for the Rockies , who have lost three straight and six of seven . The Rockies took a 3 - 1 lead in the fifth on Gerardo Parra 's sacrifice fly , but the Rockies answered with a run in the bottom half . Whit Merrifield led off the inning with a single and scored on Lorenzo Cain 's double to cut the Rockies ' lead to 3 - 2 . Hosmer 's single off Pat Neshek scored Whit Merrifield in the seventh . Senzatela allowed two runs and nine hits in five innings .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- Ryon Healy is making a habit of trying to find his groove at the plate . Healy homered twice and drove in three runs to lead the Oakland Athletics to a 6 - 4 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Friday night . Healy hit a two - run drive in the first inning and a two - run shot in the fifth that made it 5 - 0 . It was his second multihomer game of the season and first since April 26 . Healy made it 5 - 0 in the fifth with a two - run shot off Simon ( 1 - 1 ) , who gave up a two - run shot to Ryon Healy . Manny Machado hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . The Orioles closed to 5 - 4 in the eighth on a two - run single by Jonathan Schoop , but Blake Treinen got Adam Jones to ground out with the bases loaded for his eighth save . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 5 - 9 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in five - plus innings . Lowrie and Healy homered in the first inning to stake Oakland to a 3 - 0 lead . Healy made it 5 - 0 in the fifth with a two - run drive to left . Paul Blackburn worked the fifth for Oakland and Paul Blackburn worked four innings of three - hit ball . Machado hit a two - run drive in the sixth to make it 5 - 2 .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) -- Ichiro Suzuki was n't surprised to see his batting average drop to .248 . Suzuki hit a three - run homer in the ninth inning to help the Miami Marlins beat the Philadelphia Phillies 12 - 8 on Tuesday night . The Marlins trailed 3 - 2 when Suzuki hit a three - run homer in the seventh , and Giancarlo Stanton added a two - run shot off Jesen Therrien in the inning . It was the first pinch-hit homer of Suzuki 's career and the second pinch-hit homer of his career . Marcell Ozuna hit a two - run homer and Christian Yelich had an RBI triple among his three hits for the Marlins , who have won four of five . Tommy Joseph and Cameron Rupp homered for the Phillies . Tommy Joseph hit a solo homer in the ninth for the Phillies . Nola ( 9 - 9 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Dee Gordon led off with a double and scored on Christian Yelich 's double . The Phillies went ahead 2 - 1 in the bottom of the inning on Hoskins ' two - run homer . The Marlins tied it in the second when Derek Dietrich doubled and scored on Miguel Rojas ' groundout . The Marlins regained the lead in the fifth when Miguel Rojas drew a leadoff walk and scored on Stanton 's two - out double . Cameron Rupp tied it at 3 with a solo homer in the fifth . Tommy Joseph hit a leadoff double off Tazawa in the seventh and scored on Franco 's sacrifice fly .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Adeiny Hechavarria was n't sure if he 'd hit a home run . Hechavarria hit a tiebreaking , two - run shot in the seventh inning , and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Seattle Mariners 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Hechavarria 's two - run shot off Yovani Gallardo ( 5 - 9 ) gave the Rays a 3 - 0 lead in the seventh inning . Hechavarria , who is hitting .242 , is hitting .242 with three homers and seven RBIs in his last six games . Hechavarria 's homer came after Jesus Sucre was hit by a pitch leading off the seventh . Snell ( 2 - 6 ) allowed two hits , struck out eight and walked two in seven innings . Tommy Hunter pitched a perfect eighth for Tampa Bay . Alex Colome pitched the ninth for his 36th save . Yovani Gallardo ( 5 - 9 ) gave up three runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked three and struck out six . The Mariners were shut out for the third time this season . Kevin Kiermaier gave the Rays a 1 - 0 lead in the first when he led off with a homer . Adeiny Hechavarria led off the bottom of the third with a triple and scored on Evan Longoria 's double-play grounder .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Angels are making a habit of coming through in the clutch . Cameron Maybin drove in the tiebreaking run with a pinch-hit single in the eighth inning , and the Angels beat the Baltimore Orioles 5 - 4 on Tuesday night to end a four - game losing streak . The Angels have won six of their last seven games . The Angels , who have won six of their last seven games , moved two games over .500 for the first time this season . The Orioles have lost five of six . Kole Calhoun drew a leadoff walk from Brad Brach ( 3 - 4 ) and Luis Valbuena walked with one out in the eighth . After C. J. Cron flied out , Maybin hit an RBI single off Mychal Givens . In the bottom half , Craig Gentry led off with a single and Seth Smith walked before Norris struck out Caleb Joseph and retired Tim Beckham on a grounder for his 19th save in 23 tries . The Orioles have lost five of six . Kole Calhoun led off the second inning with a homer for the Angels , who have lost four of five . The Angels made it 2 - 0 in the third . Ben Revere drew a one - out walk and scored on a two - out single by Albert Pujols . Davis led off the bottom of the third with a drive to left that traveled an estimated 448 feet . Simmons hit a two - run drive in the sixth to put the Angels up 4 - 1 . Baltimore tied it in the bottom half when Caleb Joseph singled and scored on a two - out single by Jonathan Schoop , who was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second on Adam Jones ' grounder to Davis .
SAN DIEGO -- The Washington Nationals are making a push for the playoffs . Ryan Zimmerman hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth inning and Ryan Zimmerman added a solo shot in the eighth to lead the Nationals to a 2 - 1 win over the San Diego Padres on Friday night . The Nationals won for the seventh time in nine games . Jackson ( 4 - 2 ) allowed one run and eight hits in seven innings , struck out four and walked one . Sean Doolittle struck out two in a perfect ninth for his 13th save in 14 chances . Kirby Yates ( 2 - 4 ) struck out the first two batters he faced in the eighth before Zimmerman drove a 1 - 1 pitch into the left-field seats . It was his 11th . The Padres , who have lost six of their last seven games , have scored two runs or fewer in seven of their last 10 games . The Nationals scored in the third on a double by Howie Kendrick and a sacrifice fly by Adam Lind . The Padres tied it in the bottom of the inning when Manuel Margot doubled and scored on Jose Pirela 's two - out single . The Padres tied it in the bottom of the third on Jose Pirela 's RBI single . Chacin allowed one run and three hits in five innings , struck out six and walked four . San Diego 's Jhoulys Chacin gave up one run and three hits in five innings , struck out six and walked four .
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox are on a roll . Hanley Ramirez hit a two - run double in Boston 's six - run fifth inning and the Red Sox beat the St. Louis Cardinals 10 - 4 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . The Red Sox won for the seventh time in nine games . Rick Porcello ( 7 - 14 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in seven innings , striking out six and walking two . Dexter Fowler had a two - run double and Carson Kelly added an RBI single in the sixth for Boston . Porcello ( 7 - 14 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in seven innings . He struck out six and walked two . Hanley Ramirez hit a two - run double for the Red Sox in the fifth . Mike Leake ( 7 - 11 ) gave up eight runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on RBI singles by Rafael Devers and Mitch Moreland . The Cardinals had runners on first and second with no outs in the fourth when Paul DeJong and Dexter Fowler singled , but Porcello got Yadier Molina to hit into a double play . The Cardinals made it 9 - 3 in the sixth on a two - run double by Dexter Fowler and Carson Kelly 's RBI single . The Red Sox added a run in the sixth off Brett Cecil . Devers singled with one out and Xander Bogaerts and Mitch Moreland singled before Leon popped out . Bradley walked on a full-count pitch to make it 10 - 3 .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- Austin Barnes was n't sure if he 'd be in the lineup for the first time this season . Barnes had a pinch-hit , two - run single during a six - run eighth inning , and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Chicago White Sox 6 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Dodgers won for the eighth time in nine games and moved two games over .500 for the first time this season . The Dodgers scored four runs in the eighth , including a two - run single by Austin Barnes , and a two - run single by Corey Seager . Brandon Morrow ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . White Sox starter Miguel Gonzalez gave up one run and five hits in six innings , struck out four and walked three . White Sox starter Miguel Gonzalez gave up one run and five hits in six innings , struck out four and walked three . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth on a bases-loaded sacrifice fly by Logan Forsythe that scored Cody Bellinger , who reached on a one - out single . Leury Garcia led off the seventh with a double and advanced to third on Yoan Moncada 's groundout . But pinch-hitter Alen Hanson struck out to end the inning . Tim Anderson led off the game with a homer for the White Sox , who had won three of four . Anderson led off the game with a homer to right field on the first pitch he saw from Wood . The Dodgers loaded the bases with one out in the sixth on singles by Cody Bellinger and Yasmani Grandal and a walk to Puig . Bellinger scored on Logan Forsythe 's sacrifice fly .
ARLINGTON , Texas ( AP ) -- The Texas Rangers are starting to look like a team that has the best record in the American League . Justin Upton hit a two - run homer and the Texas Rangers beat the Detroit Tigers 6 - 2 on Wednesday night to avoid a three - game sweep . The Rangers won for only the fourth time in their last 16 games at Rangers Ballpark . Martin Perez ( 7 - 10 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out two and walked one . Michael Fulmer ( 10 - 10 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked three . The Tigers have lost five of their last six games . Justin Upton hit a two - run homer in the first for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Fulmer walked Delino DeShields and Elvis Andrus to start the bottom of the first , then gave up an RBI single to Nomar Mazara before Adrian Beltre drove in Andrus with a sacrifice fly . The Rangers went ahead 3 - 2 in the bottom of the inning on a sacrifice bunt by Adrian Beltre . Odor led off the fourth with a double , moved to third on Robinson Chirinos ' sacrifice and scored on Drew Robinson 's single . The Rangers added a run in the sixth when Rougned Odor singled off Jeff Ferrell , stole second and advanced to third on catcher James McCann 's throwing error . Odor scored on Chirinos ' single to make it 6 - 2 . The Rangers added a run in the sixth off Jeff Ferrell on an RBI single by Robinson Chirinos .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- The San Diego Padres have n't had a winning record since the All-Star break . Jose Pirela hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth inning , and the Padres beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 4 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Padres , who have the best record in the majors , won for the fourth time in five games . Manuel Margot hit two home runs for the Padres , including a tying solo shot in the seventh that tied it at 3 . It was Margot 's first career two - homer game and the first of his career . Ross Stripling ( 1 - 4 ) took the loss after giving up a leadoff homer to Jose Pirela in the eighth . Jose Torres ( 6 - 3 ) got the win with 1 2/3 innings of hitless relief . Brad Hand got the final four outs for his ninth save in 12 attempts . Ross Stripling ( 1 - 4 ) took the loss after giving up Margot 's second homer of the game . Dodgers starter Rich Hill struck out nine in six innings , allowing two runs and five hits . The right-hander was coming off one of his worst starts of the season , giving up six runs and eight hits in four innings of a 9 - 2 loss at San Francisco on June 12 . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Justin Turner doubled with two outs and scored on Bellinger 's single to center . The Padres tied it in the third on Manuel Margot 's first homer of the season , a single by Carlos Asuaje and a two - out RBI single by Cory Spangenberg . The Dodgers tied it in the bottom half when Chris Taylor doubled and scored on Cody Bellinger 's single to tie the game at 2 . The Dodgers regained the lead in the fifth on a two - out RBI double by Austin Barnes .
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) -- Wade Miley was n't going to let the game get away from him . Miley struck out seven in seven strong innings to lead the Baltimore Orioles to a 7 - 2 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Friday night . Miley ( 6 - 9 ) allowed three hits and an unearned run . He walked three and struck out seven . Adam Jones and Trey Mancini hit back-to-back homers in the fourth off Chris Smith ( 0 - 2 ) , who gave up five runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out three and walked one . Smith was making his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained right shoulder . Mancini and Trumbo connected on consecutive pitches in the sixth to make it 5 - 1 . Jones hit a two - run double off Liam Hendriks in the seventh to make it 7 - 1 . Rajai Davis led off the bottom of the first with a single , stole second and went to third on a throwing error by shortstop Marcus Semien . Davis scored on Jed Lowrie 's sacrifice fly to tie it at 1 . The Athletics loaded the bases with one out in the bottom of the ninth on a single by Mark Canha and a double by Dustin Garneau , but pinch-hitter Matt Joyce struck out and Marcus Semien walked before Jed Lowrie lined out to center to end the game . The Orioles scored in the first when Tim Beckham hit a leadoff triple and scored on Manny Machado 's groundout . The A 's tied it in the bottom of the first when Rajai Davis singled , stole second and went to third on a throwing error by shortstop Marcus Semien . Davis scored on Jed Lowrie 's sacrifice fly . Jones and Mancini connected on consecutive pitches in the fourth to make it 3 - 1 . Jones hit a two - run double off Liam Hendriks in the seventh to make it 7 - 1 .
CINCINNATI -- The Cincinnati Reds had a lot to do with it . Jose Peraza drove in three runs with a pair of doubles and a double , leading the Reds to an 8 - 3 victory over the San Diego Padres on Friday night . The Reds won for the fourth time in five games and moved two games over .500 for the first time this season . Wojciechowski ( 3 - 1 ) gave up a two - run homer by Manuel Margot and a two - run shot by Wil Myers in the sixth that cut it to 6 - 3 . Wojciechowski allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked none . Travis Wood ( 2 - 4 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and seven hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out seven . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning . Joey Votto doubled with two outs and Adam Duvall walked before Eugenio Suarez walked to load the bases . Peraza then lined a two - run single up the middle for a 2 - 0 lead . Suarez 's two - run homer made it 4 - 0 in the third inning . Suarez reached on third baseman Cory Spangenberg 's fielding error leading off the fifth , and Turner followed with a two - run homer into the upper deck in left field for a 6 - 0 lead . The Reds made it 6 - 0 in the fifth . Eugenio Suarez reached on third baseman Cory Spangenberg 's throwing error and scored on Stuart Turner 's first homer of the season , a two - run shot that made it 6 - 0 . Manuel Margot led off the sixth with his first homer of the season , and Wil Myers added a two - run shot later in the inning . The Reds added two more runs in the sixth off Carter Capps . Hamilton led off with a single , stole second and scored on Votto 's fielder 's choice . Votto scored on Peraza 's single .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Tim Anderson is making a strong case to stay in the big leagues . Anderson hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs to lead the Chicago White Sox to a 7 - 1 victory over the Houston Astros on Friday night . Anderson 's two - run shot in the fifth inning gave the White Sox a 2 - 0 lead , and he added a two - run single in Chicago 's three - run sixth . Gonzalez ( 6 - 10 ) gave up one run and five hits in eight innings . He struck out four and walked one . Derek Fisher hit a solo homer in the eighth for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Collin McHugh ( 0 - 1 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . Delmonico led off the fifth with a single and Anderson followed with a two - run homer to left . Omar Narvaez followed with a single and scored on Yolmer Sanchez 's two - run single to make it 4 - 0 . The White Sox added three runs in the sixth . Tim Anderson hit a two - run homer , and Leury Garcia added a two - run single off Francisco Liriano . The White Sox loaded the bases with no outs in the second on a walk to Avisail Garcia and a single by Nicky Delmonico . McHugh struck out Anderson , then got Omar Narvaez to ground into a double play to end the threat . Fisher 's homer leading off the eighth was his fourth of the season and second in two games .
TORONTO -- Josh Donaldson is starting to feel comfortable at the plate . Donaldson homered twice and drove in four runs to lead the Toronto Blue Jays to a 4 - 2 victory over the New York Yankees on Tuesday night , snapping New York 's winning streak at four games . Donaldson hit a two - run drive in the third inning off CC Sabathia ( 9 - 5 ) , who allowed four runs and six hits in three - plus innings . He walked one and struck out three . It was Donaldson 's second multihomer game of the season and the 13th of his career . Sabathia ( 9 - 5 ) allowed four runs and six hits in three innings , walked one and struck out three . J. A. Happ ( 5 - 8 ) allowed one run and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out five . Roberto Osuna worked the ninth for his 29th save in 33 chances . CC Sabathia ( 9 - 5 ) allowed four runs and six hits in three innings , matching his shortest start of the season . He walked one and struck out three . The Blue Jays jumped on Sabathia for two runs in the first . Jose Bautista led off with a double , took third on a sacrifice bunt by Russell Martin and scored when Donaldson lined a 2 - 0 pitch into the second deck in left . The Yankees cut it to 2 - 1 in the second when Chase Headley singled and scored on Garrett Cooper 's two - out single . The Blue Jays made it 4 - 1 in the third when Russell Martin singled and Donaldson hit a two - run homer to left , his eighth . New York loaded the bases with one out in the sixth , but Dominic Leone got Garrett Cooper to fly out . New York cut it to 4 - 2 in the eighth when Gary Sanchez was hit by a pitch from Ryan Tepera and scored on Garrett Cooper 's sacrifice fly .
BALTIMORE -- For Manny Machado , it was a memorable day for the All-Star third baseman . Machado went 4 for 5 with a homer and five RBIs , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Detroit Tigers 12 - 3 on Wednesday night for their fifth straight victory . Machado went 4 for 5 with a career-high five RBIs . Machado had a two - run homer in the fourth and finished with five RBIs . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 5 - 7 ) gave up one run and nine hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out six . Anibal Sanchez ( 3 - 2 ) gave up eight runs and 10 hits in three - plus innings . Schoop and Davis hit successive homers in the first inning , and Machado added a two - run shot in the bottom half to make it 8 - 0 . Machado doubled in a run in the second to make it 5 - 0 . Rickard made it 6 - 0 in the fourth with his fourth home run , and Machado followed with a two - run shot to left . The Tigers made it 8 - 0 in the fifth when Nicholas Castellanos hit a two - out homer and Mikie Mahtook followed with an RBI single . The Orioles added four runs in the eighth against Joe Jimenez , who was making his major league debut . Ian Kinsler and Jim Adduci hit consecutive singles to start the inning , and Justin Upton drove in a run with a groundout . Mahtook added an RBI single to make it 12 - 3 . The Tigers added two runs in the ninth against Donnie Hart .
CLEVELAND -- Aaron Judge was n't sure what to expect . Judge hit a three - run homer and the New York Yankees beat the Cleveland Indians 8 - 1 on Tuesday night . Jacoby Ellsbury hit a three - run triple and Ronald Torreyes added an RBI single in the sixth as New York won for the fourth time in five games . Judge hit a three - run homer in his return to the lineup after missing two games because of a sore left wrist . Ellsbury had a three - run triple in New York 's four - run sixth inning , and Didi Gregorius had three hits for the Yankees , who won for the fourth time in five games . Judge hit a three - run homer off Mike Clevinger in the seventh to make it 8 - 1 . Yankees starter Luis Severino ( 9 - 4 ) gave up one run and two hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Severino has been one of the few bright spots for the AL East leaders . Carlos Carrasco ( 10 - 5 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . Michael Brantley gave the Indians a 1 - 0 lead in the first with his 10th homer , but Jose Ramirez struck out with the bases loaded to end the inning . Clint Frazier walked with one out in the seventh and went to third on Didi Gregorius ' single to right . Judge then hit a 1 - 2 pitch from Mike Clevinger over the wall in right for his 21st homer . Brantley 's homer in the first was the only hit allowed by Severino , who struck out nine in 6 2/3 innings .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Max Moroff has been one of the hottest hitters in the National League . Moroff hit a three - run triple in Pittsburgh 's four - run ninth inning , and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . The Pirates won for the 10th time in 12 games and reduced their magic number for clinching their fourth straight NL East title to six . Moroff hit a two - out , three - run triple off Brandon Kintzler ( 4 - 3 ) in a four - run ninth that gave the Pirates a 4 - 1 lead . Kintzler ( 4 - 3 ) gave up four runs on four hits and a walk in two - thirds of an inning . It was Kintzler 's sixth blown save of the season . Felipe Vazquez worked the ninth for his 21st save in 23 chances . Pirates starter Jameson Taillon gave up one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one . Washington starter Max Scherzer struck out five in 3 1/3 scoreless innings , allowing one hit and one walk . He was lifted for a pinch hitter after throwing 54 pitches . Scherzer said he was n't bothered by a blister on his right index finger . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Daniel Murphy led off with a single , moved to second on a wild pitch and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's single . Taillon allowed one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out five and walked one .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting all season to celebrate . Alejandro De Aza drove in the winning run with a single in the bottom of the ninth inning , and the Nationals beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Nationals have won four of their last five games . Sean Doolittle ( 2 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up a tying two - run homer to Josh Bell in the top of the ninth . Anthony Rendon led off the bottom of the ninth with a single off Daniel Hudson ( 2 - 7 ) and went to third on Daniel Murphy 's single to right . De Aza singled to right to score Rendon . Sean Doolittle ( 2 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up a tying two - run homer to Josh Bell in the top of the ninth . The Nationals took a 4 - 2 lead in the seventh when Anthony Rendon walked and scored on a triple by Alejandro De Aza . Lind followed with a sacrifice fly off Jack Leathersich to make it 4 - 2 . The Nationals added two runs in the seventh off Dovydas Neverauskas , who walked Anthony Rendon and gave up an RBI triple to Alejandro De Aza . Lind followed with a sacrifice fly off Jack Leathersich to make it 4 - 2 . The Pirates took a 2 - 1 lead in the third . Max Moroff walked , took second on a groundout and scored on a double by Christopher Bostick . Starling Marte followed with an RBI single . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Wilmer Difo led off with a double , moved to third on Robles ' sacrifice bunt and scored on Daniel Murphy 's single . The Pirates took a 2 - 1 lead in the third . Max Moroff walked with one out and scored on a double by Christopher Bostick . Starling Marte followed with an RBI single . The Nationals tied it in the bottom of the inning on Lind 's RBI groundout .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- John Lackey is making a strong case to stay in the playoff rotation . Lackey allowed two hits over six innings and the Chicago Cubs beat the St. Louis Cardinals 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Lackey ( 12 - 11 ) gave up one run and two hits . He struck out three and walked two . Addison Russell hit a three - run homer in a four - run seventh for the Cubs , who have won four of five . Michael Wacha ( 12 - 9 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Russell hit a three - run homer in a four - run seventh that put the Cubs up 3 - 1 . Pinch-hitter Luke Voit singled off Brian Duensing with two outs in the eighth , and pinch-hitter Luke Voit singled off Brian Duensing to put runners on first and third . Brian Duensing came in and walked Tommy Pham to load the bases before Carl Edwards Jr. got Dexter Fowler to fly out to center to end the threat . Wade Davis pitched the ninth for the Cubs , who have won four of five . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Jedd Gyorko drew a leadoff walk and took second on a single by Jose Martinez . Paul DeJong drove in Gyorko with a single to center . The Cardinals have lost six of their last seven games . The Cubs have won six of their last seven games . They have won six of their last seven overall . The Cubs have won six of their last seven games .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Danny Valencia is making the most of his opportunity . Valencia hit a three - run homer and the Seattle Mariners beat the Oakland Athletics 6 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Valencia 's homer came after Yonder Alonso led off the seventh with a single and Mike Zunino walked . Danny Coulombe came in and gave up a three - run homer to Danny Valencia . Valencia 's homer was his 10th of the season and second in two games . Valencia 's homer was the first of his career . Edwin Diaz struck out two in a perfect ninth for his 33rd save in 38 chances . Daniel Mengden ( 2 - 2 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out three and walked three . Emilio Pagan ( 2 - 3 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Paxton gave up three runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Marcus Semien gave the A 's a 1 - 0 lead when he led off the bottom of the first with a home run . Nelson Cruz singled with one out in the fourth and Alonso followed with a home run to right . The A 's lost for the 10th time in 12 games to fall a season-high nine games under .500 .
NEW YORK -- The New York Mets finally found a way to win . Jeurys Familia escaped a ninth-inning jam and New York held on for a 3 - 2 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . The Mets won for the seventh time in nine games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . Lugo ( 7 - 5 ) allowed two hits and struck out seven in six innings of two - hit ball to win for the first time in four starts . Jeurys Familia gave up a two - run homer to pinch-hitter Matt Kemp in the ninth before retiring Tyler Flowers on a grounder for his fifth save in seven chances . Max Fried ( 1 - 1 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out two and walked one . The Braves have lost five of six . Brandon Nimmo singled leading off the third for the Mets ' first hit and Juan Lagares followed with a grounder to shortstop Matt Reynolds , who threw to second for an error . Nimmo scored on Asdrubal Cabrera 's groundout and Travis d'Arnaud followed with an RBI double . Travis d'Arnaud led off the eighth with a homer off Jose Ramirez to make it 3 - 0 . The Mets loaded the bases with one out in the second , but Seth Lugo grounded into a double play to end the inning . The Braves had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Chasen Bradford got Markakis to ground out to end the inning . Travis d'Arnaud homered off Jose Ramirez in the eighth for Atlanta .
DETROIT -- The Minnesota Twins are making a push for a playoff spot . Zack Granite hit a three - run homer in Minnesota 's six - run eighth inning , and the Twins beat the Detroit Tigers 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Twins won for the seventh time in eight games and moved within one game of first-place Detroit in the AL Central . Minnesota , which lost to the Chicago White Sox earlier in the day , lost for the fifth time in six games . The Twins trailed 3 - 2 in the eighth when Alex Wilson gave up a single to Joe Mauer and a single to Jorge Polanco . Daniel Stumpf ( 0 - 1 ) came in and gave up an RBI single to Eddie Rosario , then hit Byron Buxton with a pitch to load the bases . Ervin Santana ( 16 - 8 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out five without a walk . Daniel Stumpf ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs in the eighth . Ervin Santana ( 16 - 8 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five without a walk . Efren Navarro hit two home runs for the Tigers , including a solo shot in the ninth off Gabriel Moya . Rookie Matt Boyd allowed two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . Tigers starter Matthew Boyd allowed two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . The Twins got a run back in the seventh when Ehire Adrianza doubled and scored on Robbie Grossman 's single to make it 3 - 2 . Drew VerHagen came on and retired Brian Dozier on a fly ball to end the inning . Ehire Adrianza doubled with one out in the seventh and scored on Robbie Grossman 's single to make it 3 - 2 . Drew VerHagen came on and got Brian Dozier to fly out to end the inning . The Tigers took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first on RBI singles by Alex Presley and Nicholas Castellanos . The Tigers took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first on RBI singles by Alex Presley and Castellanos .
DETROIT -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting all season long enough to keep their playoff hopes alive . Eduardo Escobar hit a tiebreaking single in the ninth inning , and the Twins beat the Detroit Tigers 12 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Twins , meanwhile , have won four of their last five games . The Twins , who have won six of their last seven games , moved a half-game ahead of the Tigers in the race for the second AL wild card . The Tigers have lost four of five . Zimmermann ( 8 - 13 ) gave up three runs and five hits in four innings . He struck out four and walked one . Dillon Gee ( 3 - 2 ) picked up the win with 1 1/3 scoreless innings . Jordan Zimmermann ( 8 - 13 ) gave up three runs and five hits in four - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Twins took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth when Joe Mauer singled , took second on a single by Jorge Polanco and scored on Eduardo Escobar 's one - out double . Byron Buxton 's two - run single later in the inning made it 3 - 1 . The Twins added a run in the fifth on Rosario 's RBI single off Warwick Saupold . Mauer 's two - run double off Victor Alcantara made it 6 - 1 in the sixth , and Jorge Polanco added an RBI single to make it 7 - 1 . The Twins added five runs in the eighth off Myles Jaye . Kepler 's two - run double made it 10 - 1 , and Castro 's two - run double off Zac Reininger made it 12 - 1 .
CINCINNATI ( AP ) -- The St. Louis Cardinals have been waiting all season long . Dexter Fowler hit a tiebreaking RBI double in the 10th inning , and the Cardinals rallied for an 8 - 7 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . The Cardinals have won four of their last five series . Dexter Fowler homered and drove in two runs , and Paul DeJong and Paul DeJong also connected for the Cardinals , who have won six of their last seven games . Fowler 's homer in the eighth off Tim Adleman ( 5 - 11 ) tied it at 6 . Juan Nicasio got the last two outs for his third save in four chances . Juan Lyons got the last two outs for his third save in four chances . The Reds have lost six of their last seven games . The Reds tied it in the sixth on Adam Duvall 's sacrifice fly and Scott Schebler 's sacrifice fly . Dexter Fowler tied it with a two - run homer off Kevin Shackelford in the eighth , his fourth of the season and second in two games . Fowler had three hits , including a solo homer , and Paul DeJong added a two - run shot for the Cardinals , who have won six of their last seven games . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Jesse Winker led off with a double , moved to third on Zack Cozart 's groundout and scored on Votto 's single . Patrick Kivlehan 's sacrifice fly off Jack Flaherty made it 2 - 0 in the second . Fowler and DeJong hit back-to-back homers in the fourth off Jackson Stephens , making it 5 - 4 .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) -- Hunter Pence was n't sure he 'd ever hit a home run . Pence hit a game-ending sacrifice fly in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the San Francisco Giants a 4 - 3 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Friday night . The Giants won for the 10th time in 12 games and maintained a two - game lead over St. Louis in the NL West . Pablo Sandoval singled off Chris Rusin ( 5 - 1 ) leading off the bottom of the ninth and went to second on Ryder Jones ' bunt single . Kelby Tomlinson then hit a sharp grounder to the right side of the infield . Sam Dyson ( 4 - 8 ) pitched out of a jam in the ninth for the win . The Rockies have lost four straight and six of seven . Pence hit a go-ahead two - run homer in the fifth off German Marquez to give San Francisco a 3 - 2 lead . The Rockies tied it in the eighth against Hunter Strickland . Carlos Gonzalez hit a one - out double , moved to third on Nolan Arenado 's flyout and scored on Gerardo Parra 's double down the left-field line . Cueto singled leading off the fifth and scored on Pence 's 21st home run of the season to put the Giants ahead 3 - 2 . Cueto allowed two runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings , struck out six and walked four . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second when Blackmon lined a two - run double into the left-field corner . Buster Posey singled leading off the fourth and scored on Pablo Sandoval 's two - out single .
CINCINNATI -- Rookie Robert Stephenson had a lot to do with it . Stephenson struck out eight in six innings of one - hit ball , leading the Cincinnati Reds to a 5 - 2 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Stephenson ( 5 - 5 ) gave up one hit and three walks while striking out eight in six innings . Eugenio Suarez and Scooter Gennett hit two - run homers in the sixth inning off Gerrit Cole ( 11 - 11 ) , who gave up four runs in five innings . Cole ( 11 - 11 ) gave up four runs and three hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out six . Gennett 's two - run homer in the sixth off Cole ( 11 - 11 ) made it 4 - 0 , and the Reds made it 5 - 0 in the sixth against Daniel Hudson . After pinch-hitter Christopher Bostick walked with one out , Jaso hit a 1 - 2 pitch from Luke Farrell over the wall in center for a two - run homer that made it 5 - 2 . Michael Lorenzen pitched the ninth for his second save in three chances . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games . Chris Stewart drew a leadoff walk in the third and moved to third on a double by Cole . Stephenson struck out John Jaso , Jordan Luplow and Andrew McCutchen to end the threat . The Pirates had runners on second and third with no outs in the third , but failed to score . Stephenson struck out John Jaso , Jordan Luplow and Andrew McCutchen to end the threat . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games .
DETROIT -- The Detroit Tigers are starting to look like a team that has n't been in first place in the AL Central . Jeimer Candelario homered and drove in four runs , and the Tigers beat the Chicago White Sox 12 - 0 on Tuesday night . The Tigers have won six of their last seven games . Jeimer Candelario hit a three - run homer in the eighth off Mike Pelfrey . Matthew Boyd ( 6 - 10 ) pitched a one - hitter , allowing one hit and one walk while striking out five . Dylan Covey ( 0 - 6 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Ian Kinsler singled , stole second and scored on Jeimer Candelario 's single . The Tigers made it 2 - 0 in the second when Efren Navarro scored on a wild pitch by Dylan Covey ( 0 - 6 ) . The Tigers made it 5 - 0 in the fourth when Castellanos hit a two - run double , and Ian Kinsler and Efren Navarro scored on Castellanos ' double to make it 5 - 0 . Mikie Mahtook added a two - run homer in the fifth off Chris Beck . JaCoby Jones was hit by a pitch leading off the bottom of the eighth , and Dixon Machado followed with a single . Ian Kinsler flied out to deep center , and Candelario followed with his 21st homer to make it 12 - 0 .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Joe Mauer has been one of the most consistent hitters in the American League . Mauer homered and drove in five runs , and the Minnesota Twins beat the Toronto Blue Jays 13 - 7 on Wednesday night . Mauer 's grand slam in the fifth inning gave the Twins a 13 - 5 lead , and he also had a two - run double in the eighth to help the Twins snap a three - game losing streak . Mauer went 3 - for - 5 with five RBIs , raising his average to .306 . Mauer had three hits and drove in five runs , including a grand slam in a six - run fifth inning that put the Twins up 13 - 5 . Kyle Gibson ( 11 - 10 ) gave up five runs on three hits and five walks in six innings for the win . Joe Biagini ( 3 - 11 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- on five hits in 1 1/3 innings . The Twins scored four runs in the first off Toronto starter Joe Biagini ( 3 - 11 ) . Rosario led off with a home run , and Buxton followed with a drive to left field that made it 5 - 2 . The Blue Jays have lost six of their last seven games . The Blue Jays took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on a solo homer by Josh Donaldson and a two - run single by Raffy Lopez . The Blue Jays made it 5 - 0 in the second on Justin Smoak 's RBI single and Jose Bautista 's RBI groundout . Rosario led off the bottom of the inning with his second home run of the season , and Buxton followed with a drive into the seats in left field for a 5 - 0 lead . It was his second multihomer game of the season and fourth of his career .
WASHINGTON -- Stephen Strasburg was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Strasburg pitched six innings of two - hit ball , and the Washington Nationals beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 7 - 1 on Friday night . Strasburg ( 14 - 4 ) struck out eight and walked three . Ross Stripling ( 3 - 5 ) took the loss , giving up a three - run homer to Ryan Zimmerman in the sixth . Zimmerman 's second homer of the game , a two - run shot off Josh Ravin , made it 7 - 1 in the eighth . Strasburg ( 14 - 4 ) allowed an unearned run and two hits in six innings , striking out eight and walking three . He was replaced by Sean Doolittle , who gave up a one - out single to Yasmani Grandal in the ninth and walked Logan Forsythe before getting pinch-hitter Adrian Gonzalez to ground out . Chris Taylor flied out to center to end the game . The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Strasburg struck out Cody Bellinger and got Yasiel Puig to ground into a fielder 's choice to end the threat . The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the fifth , but Strasburg struck out Cody Bellinger and got Yasiel Puig on a grounder to end the inning . Dodgers starter Hyun-Jin Ryu allowed three hits over 4 2/3 scoreless innings , walking two and striking out five . He was replaced by Ross Stripling ( 3 - 5 ) , who gave up a leadoff walk to Anthony Rendon in the bottom of the sixth . Daniel Murphy singled and Zimmerman drove a 3 - 1 pitch into the left-field seats for his 17th home run of the season . The Nationals added a run in the seventh on Anthony Rendon 's RBI double off reliever Walker Buehler . Ryan Madson worked the eighth and Ryan Madson worked the ninth for Washington . The Dodgers threatened in the ninth when Yasmani Grandal singled off Sean Doolittle , who walked Forsythe with one out . Pinch-hitter Adrian Gonzalez grounded out to third , but Taylor flied out to center .
CINCINNATI -- Sal Romano did n't have his best stuff . Romano allowed five hits in eight shutout innings , and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Romano ( 5 - 6 ) gave up five hits and struck out six without a walk . Cody Reed got Gregory Polanco to ground out with runners on first and third for his first save of the season , completing a six - hitter . Jesse Winker broke a scoreless tie with a solo homer in the seventh off Ivan Nova ( 11 - 14 ) , who gave up two runs and three hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked one . Nova has been one of the few bright spots for the NL Central leaders , who have lost five of six . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games . The Reds have won six of their last seven games overall . The Pirates have lost five of their last six games . Winker led off the bottom of the seventh with his second homer of the season . Zack Cozart doubled and Eugenio Suarez walked before Gennett 's single off Dan Runzler made it 2 - 0 . The Reds won for only the fourth time in their last 13 games at Great American Ball Park , the best home record in the majors . The Reds won for only the fourth time in their last 13 games against the Pirates .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- The New York Mets are on their longest winning streak in nearly two months . Max Fried pitched a perfect ninth inning to help New York beat the Atlanta Braves 7 - 3 on Wednesday night . The Mets have won six of their last seven games . deGrom ( 15 - 9 ) gave up one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Braves scored two runs in the ninth off closer A. J. Ramos . R. A. Dickey ( 9 - 10 ) gave up five runs on eight hits and two walks in five innings . The Braves have lost four straight and six of seven . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on RBI singles by Juan Lagares and Cecchini . Nori Aoki and Nimmo led off the third with consecutive doubles and scored on Cabrera 's double . Cecchini led off the fourth with a walk and scored on Cecchini 's double . Freeman 's homer in the sixth was the Braves ' only run off deGrom , who gave up five hits and two walks in seven innings . Dominic Smith drove in two runs with a double in the seventh off Lucas Sims .
MIAMI ( AP ) -- The Miami Marlins are starting to look like a playoff contender . Ryan Braun and Travis Shaw hit back-to-back home runs in the sixth inning to help the Marlins beat the Milwaukee Brewers 7 - 4 on Wednesday night . The Marlins won for the fourth time in five games and remained two games ahead of the New York Mets in the NL East . Adam Conley ( 7 - 7 ) allowed three runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . Zach Davies ( 17 - 9 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . The Marlins scored four runs in the first inning , including RBI singles by Christian Yelich and Marcell Ozuna and an RBI single by Miguel Rojas . Dietrich 's homer made it 6 - 1 in the third . Ryan Braun and Travis Shaw homered in the sixth for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Bour 's RBI single off Oliver Drake in the seventh made it 7 - 3 . The Brewers scored a run in the ninth off Kyle Barraclough on Ryan Braun 's RBI double . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Hernan Perez led off with a walk , took third on Ryan Braun 's double and scored on a groundout by Travis Shaw . The Marlins scored four runs in the bottom of the first . Christian Yelich and Ozuna had RBI singles , and Miguel Rojas added an RBI single . The Marlins scored four runs in the bottom of the first . Christian Yelich and Marcell Ozuna hit RBI singles , and Miguel Rojas added an RBI single .
PHILADELPHIA -- Daniel Mengden did n't have his best stuff . Mengden pitched a two - hitter for his first major league shutout , and the Oakland Athletics beat the Philadelphia Phillies 4 - 0 on Wednesday night . Mengden ( 1 - 1 ) struck out seven and walked none while throwing 74 of his 118 pitches for strikes . He threw 118 pitches , 74 for strikes . It was the first complete game for the A 's since they hit two against the Mets on June 26 , 2007 . The Phillies have been shut out in three of their last four games . Olson 's two - run homer in the first off Mark Leiter Jr. ( 3 - 6 ) gave Oakland a 2 - 0 lead . Joyce hit a two - run shot to right in the second to make it 4 - 0 . Mark Leiter Jr. ( 3 - 6 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Olson hit a two - run shot to left in the first to give the A 's a 2 - 0 lead . It was his fourth homer of the season and second in two games . It was the first time this season the Athletics have hit three homers in a game . Joyce hit a two - run shot to left in the second to make it 4 - 0 . The Phillies were shut out for the fifth time this season . They were shut out for the fifth time this season . Joyce hit a two - run shot to left in the second to give Oakland a 4 - 0 lead . It was Joyce 's first homer since June 26 . The Phillies were shut out for the fifth time this season . They were shut out for the fifth time this season .
ARLINGTON , Rougned Odor had a big night at the plate . Odor hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs to help the Seattle Mariners beat the Texas Rangers 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . Odor had a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run double in the sixth that made it 10 - 1 . He also had a two - run double in the Mariners ' three - run sixth . Andrew Albers ( 5 - 1 ) allowed three runs and three hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked one . Andrew Cashner ( 9 - 10 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out two . Seager hit a two - run homer in the second inning , his 25th of the season and second in as many games . Odor 's sacrifice fly in the second scored Joey Gallo , who had singled and moved to third on a double by Robinson Chirinos . Alonso 's double made it 5 - 1 in the fifth . Jean Segura led off the sixth with a single off Nick Gardewine , who was making his major league debut after being called up from Triple-A Round Rock earlier in the day . Keone Kela then walked Robinson Cano to load the bases before Nelson Cruz 's RBI single made it 6 - 1 . Albers then walked Ryan Rua before retiring Calhoun and Delino DeShields to end the inning . The Rangers had a chance to take the lead in the seventh when Adrian Beltre led off with a single and Joey Gallo was hit by a pitch . A. J. Jimenez then struck out A. J. Jimenez before Odor drove a 1 - 2 pitch into the Rangers bullpen in left-center for a three - run homer that made it 10 - 4 .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Tommy Pham has been on a tear since coming off the disabled list . Pham homered for the second straight game and drove in two runs , leading the St. Louis Cardinals to a 5 - 2 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Friday night . Pham , who had been 0 for 12 in his previous three games , hit a two - run homer off Amir Garrett ( 3 - 8 ) in the fifth inning to give the Cardinals a 4 - 1 lead . It was his fourth of the season and second in two games . Pham , who leads the National League with a .306 average , is batting .59 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last six games . Pham 's two - run homer in the fifth off Garrett ( 3 - 8 ) gave the Cardinals a 4 - 1 lead . Luke Weaver ( 6 - 1 ) allowed an unearned run and two hits in six innings , striking out six without a walk . Amir Garrett ( 3 - 8 ) gave up four runs and three hits in four - plus innings . He struck out seven and walked five . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Scott Schebler hit a one - out double and scored on Paul DeJong 's fielding error . The Cardinals took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on Martinez 's two - out , two - run single off Amir Garrett ( 3 - 8 ) . The Cardinals added a run in the eighth off Asher Wojciechowski . Greg Garcia hit a sacrifice fly for the 5 - 1 lead . Scott Schebler had an RBI triple off Juan Nicasio in the ninth for the Reds , who have lost four of five . The Reds have lost four of five .
ARLINGTON , Texas ( AP ) -- The Texas Rangers are starting to look like a playoff team . Mitch Haniger homered and drove in two runs , and the Rangers beat the Seattle Mariners 5 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Rangers have won six of their last seven games , including three of their last four . Cole Hamels ( 10 - 3 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Alex Claudio worked a perfect ninth for his eighth save in 10 chances . Ariel Miranda ( 8 - 7 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 1 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . Nomar Mazara had a two - run double in the first for the Rangers , who have won six of their last seven games . Kyle Seager led off the second with a homer for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Choo 's two - run double in the second was the only extra-base hit for the Rangers , who were coming off a three - game sweep of the Los Angeles Angels . Mitch Haniger hit a two - run homer in the third for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Delino DeShields hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Delino DeShields hit a solo homer in the fourth for Seattle 's only hit off Moore , who allowed one hit over six innings and struck out seven .
BOSTON -- Chris Sale was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Sale struck out eight in six shutout innings , and the Boston Red Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays 9 - 0 on Tuesday night . Sale ( 16 - 7 ) gave up six hits , walked one and struck out eight . The Red Sox won for the seventh time in eight games and reduced their magic number for clinching their fourth straight division title to six . The Rays , who have the worst record in the majors , have lost four of five . The Red Sox scored three runs in the second off Rays starter Matt Andriese ( 5 - 3 ) . Benintendi 's two - run double with the bases loaded made it 5 - 0 , and Mitch Moreland 's two - run single later in the inning made it 8 - 0 . Andriese ( 5 - 3 ) gave up eight runs -- six earned -- on seven hits and two walks , striking out two in 1 2/3 innings . The Red Sox jumped on Andriese for three runs in the first . Eduardo Nunez singled and stole second before Pedroia drove a 2 - 1 pitch into the seats above the Green Monster . The Red Sox made it 8 - 0 in the second on a two - run double by Andrew Benintendi and a two - run single by Mitch Moreland . Benintendi added an RBI single in the third off Austin Pruitt . The Rays threatened in the sixth when Curt Casali led off with a single and took third on Plouffe 's one - out single . But Sale struck out Mallex Smith and Adeiny Hechavarria to end the threat . The Rays had runners on first and third with one out in the sixth , but Sale struck out Mallex Smith and Adeiny Hechavarria .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- The Philadelphia Phillies are on their longest winning streak of the season . The Phillies won for the seventh time in nine games , 5 - 4 over the Washington Nationals on Friday night . The Phillies , who have won six of their last seven games , moved a half-game ahead of Atlanta in the NL East . Mark Leiter Jr. ( 3 - 5 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings , striking out eight and walking one . Hector Neris worked the ninth for his 20th save in 23 chances . Edwin Jackson ( 5 - 5 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings . Howie Kendrick gave the Nationals a 1 - 0 lead in the first with his 12th home run , but the Nationals did n't get another hit until Kendrick 's homer . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Hoskins ' leadoff homer and Franco 's solo shot . The Phillies added three runs in the fourth . Franco led off with a single and Hyun Soo Kim walked . Cameron Rupp followed with an RBI single , and Cesar Hernandez added an RBI single . Alejandro De Aza was replaced by Alejandro De Aza in the bottom of the sixth . The Nationals cut the lead to 5 - 4 in the sixth on a single by Howie Kendrick and a single by Daniel Murphy . Taylor 's RBI single cut it to 5 - 4 in the sixth .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- The Kansas City Royals are on a roll . Eric Hosmer drove in the go-ahead run in the eighth inning , Alex Gordon homered and the Royals beat the Minnesota Twins 5 - 2 on Tuesday night for their sixth straight victory . The Royals , who lead the AL wild-card standings , have won six of their last seven games . Alex Gordon hit a tying home run in the seventh inning for the Royals , and Lorenzo Cain had three hits for the Royals . Cain led off the eighth with a single off Ryan Pressly ( 2 - 3 ) and Melky Cabrera walked . Eric Hosmer , who had three hits , drove in Gore with a single to right . Mike Minor ( 6 - 6 ) got pinch-hitter Mitch Garver to ground out to end the inning . Joe Mauer led off the eighth with a single and advanced to second on Jorge Polanco 's sacrifice bunt . Minor then struck out Eddie Rosario and got pinch-hitter Mitch Garver on a grounder to end the inning . The Royals tied it in the seventh on Alex Gordon 's two - out homer that tied it at 2 . Junis gave up two runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Lorenzo Cain tripled with one out and scored on Melky Cabrera 's groundout . Eduardo Escobar led off the third with a home run to tie the score at 1 . Buxton homered in the sixth to give the Twins a 2 - 1 lead .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- The Oakland Athletics are making a habit of coming out of the cellar in the AL West . Pinch-hitter Joey Wendle hit a tiebreaking RBI single in Oakland 's five - run eighth inning and the A 's beat the Houston Astros 11 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The A 's won for the seventh time in eight games and moved within one game of first-place Texas in the AL West . The A 's have won six of their last seven games overall . The A 's won for the 10th time in 12 games and improved to a season-high 10 games over .500 . Daniel Gossett ( 4 - 8 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Charlie Morton ( 11 - 7 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out eight . Boog Powell led off the sixth with a double off Tyler Clippard and scored on Jed Lowrie 's bases-loaded walk . Davis followed with a two - run single off James Hoyt to make it 6 - 1 . The A 's added five runs in the eighth off Rein Guduan , who was making his major league debut . Matt Olson doubled to start the second and scored on Chapman 's one - out triple to the gap in right-center . Boog Powell followed with an RBI single , and Powell scored on a throwing error by Morton . Alex Bregman hit an RBI double in the fifth to cut it to 3 - 1 , but Jose Altuve grounded out and Carlos Correa was caught stealing to end the inning . Alex Bregman hit an RBI double in the fifth to cut it to 3 - 1 . The A 's added three runs in the sixth off Tyler Clippard , who walked Jed Lowrie with the bases loaded to make it 4 - 1 .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- Taijuan Walker was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Walker pitched six innings of four - hit ball to help the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Walker ( 9 - 7 ) struck out four and walked three to win for the first time in six starts since July 26 . The Diamondbacks won for the seventh time in nine games and improved to 6 - 1 on their 10-game road trip . Walker has been one of the few bright spots for the Diamondbacks , who have won six of their last seven games . Arizona manager Kirk Gibson was impressed with Walker 's poise . Ketel Marte led off the seventh with a single against Luis Avilan ( 2 - 2 ) and scored on Rosales ' double . David Peralta singled to put runners at the corners , but Josh Ravin came in and struck out Chris Iannetta . Josh Ravin came on and got A. J. Pollock to fly out to end the inning . The Diamondbacks tied the game 1-all in the second when A. J. Pollock reached on an error by shortstop Chris Taylor , stole second and scored on Taijuan Walker 's double . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Chris Taylor led off with a double and scored on Cody Bellinger 's groundout . The Diamondbacks tied it in the second when A. J. Pollock reached on an error by shortstop Chris Taylor , stole second and scored on Taijuan Walker 's double . Maeda allowed an unearned run and four hits in five innings , struck out eight and walked one .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros are on their longest winning streak of the season . Marwin Gonzalez and J. D. Davis each drove in a run in the sixth inning , and the Astros beat the New York Mets 4 - 1 on Tuesday night for their seventh straight victory . It was the second straight win for the Astros , who moved two games ahead of St. Louis in the race for the second NL wild card . The Mets have lost five of six . The Astros trailed 1 - 0 before scoring three times in the sixth . Alex Bregman singled to start the inning before Jose Altuve walked . Josh Reddick followed with an RBI single to tie it at 1 . Joe Musgrove ( 7 - 8 ) pitched 2 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Ken Giles pitched a perfect ninth for his 28th save . Seth Lugo ( 5 - 4 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out six and walked two . Joe Musgrove ( 7 - 8 ) pitched 2 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Ken Giles pitched a perfect ninth for his 28th save . Seth Lugo ( 5 - 4 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings for the loss . He struck out four and walked two . The Mets did n't get a hit until Juan Lagares led off the sixth with a triple to the gap in right-center field . Asdrubal Cabrera walked before a one - out single by Springer , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . The Astros did n't get another hit until Springer singled with two outs in the fifth .
DENVER -- The Arizona Diamondbacks had a lot to do with it . Pinch-hitter Daniel Descalso hit a three - run homer in Arizona 's six - run seventh inning , and the Diamondbacks beat the Colorado Rockies 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Diamondbacks won for the fifth time in six games and maintained a two - game lead over San Francisco in the NL West . Taijuan Walker ( 8 - 7 ) struck out a season-high 10 in five innings , allowing three hits and three walks . The Rockies scored twice in the sixth to cut the deficit to 4 - 2 . Ian Desmond led off with a single and scored on Carlos Gonzalez 's double down the left-field line . Jorge De La Rosa came in and walked pinch hitter Ryan McMahon and hit Charlie Blackmon to load the bases before J. J. Hoover came in and got DJ LeMahieu to fly out to end the inning . Descalso hit a three - run homer off Mike Dunn in a five - run seventh that made it 9 - 2 . Kyle Freeland ( 11 - 9 ) gave up three runs and five hits in four innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when David Peralta drew a leadoff walk , took second on a wild pitch and scored on A. J. Pollock 's single . The Diamondbacks made it 3 - 0 in the second when Brandon Drury singled , took third on a double by Adam Rosales and scored on Walker 's single to center . The Diamondbacks made it 3 - 0 in the third when A. J. Pollock tripled and scored on J. D. Martinez 's sacrifice fly . The Diamondbacks added a run in the sixth when J. D. Martinez doubled and scored on Fuentes ' pinch-hit single off Carlos Estevez . Zac Rosscup came on and got Ketel Marte to ground into a fielder 's choice , then struck out David Peralta to end the inning . The Rockies scored three times in the sixth to cut the lead to 9 - 5 . Arenado led off with a single off Silvino Bracho , Mark Reynolds walked and Gonzalez drove in a run with a groundout .
LOS ANGELES -- Justin Turner is making the most of his opportunity . Turner hit a three - run homer with two outs in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Los Angeles Dodgers a 4 - 1 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Friday night . Turner connected off John Lackey after Yasiel Puig drew a leadoff walk from Brian Duensing ( 0 - 1 ) in the bottom of the ninth . Kenley Jansen ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Dodgers starter Rich Hill gave up one run and three hits in five innings , struck out eight and walked one . Chicago 's Jon Lester gave up one run and three hits in 4 2/3 innings , struck out two and walked five in his first start of the season . The left-hander was making his second start of the season after being called up from Triple-A Iowa to make his first start of the season . Lester was making his second start of the season after being called up from Triple-A Iowa . The Dodgers tied it in the fifth when Charlie Culberson led off with a double and scored on Justin Turner 's two - out single . Lester walked Cody Bellinger to load the bases before Carl Edwards Jr. retired pinch-hitter Chase Utley on a called third strike to end the inning . Lester gave up one run and three hits in 4 2/3 innings , struck out two and walked five . Russell 's homer leading off the fifth was the Cubs ' only run off Hill , who struck out eight and walked one in his first start of the season .
CLEVELAND -- Francisco Lindor was n't sure if he 'd ever hit a home run . The Cleveland Indians shortstop did n't mind . Lindor hit a game-ending RBI single in the 13th inning to give the Indians a 9 - 8 win over the New York Yankees on Wednesday night . Lindor 's homer was his first since May 9 , when he hit a two - run shot off CC Sabathia in the bottom of the sixth to give the Indians a 7 - 6 win . Lindor 's homer was his fourth of the season and second in two games . Gomes singled home Austin Jackson with the winning run in the 13th . Josh Tomlin ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two perfect innings for his first major league win . Carlos Santana hit a two - run double and Jay Bruce homered for the Indians , who lost for the fifth time in six games . The Indians loaded the bases with two outs in the 10th , but Aroldis Chapman got Erik Gonzalez to fly out to center to end the inning . New York , which has lost four of five , fell to 1 - 5 on its 10-game homestand . The Indians had a chance to tie the game in the ninth , but Aroldis Chapman struck out Jose Ramirez and got Michael Brantley to ground into a game-ending double play . Gary Sanchez hit a two - run homer in the first for New York , which has lost four of five . The Indians took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Carlos Santana , but the Indians tied it in the bottom half on Santana 's two - run single . Sanchez singled with one out in the third and scored on a two - out single by Starlin Castro . Greg Bird singled and Hicks homered to right to make it 6 - 3 . Sanchez singled with one out in the third and scored on Castro 's two - out single . Greg Bird singled and Hicks homered to right . Bird added a two - run homer off Mike Clevinger in the fifth .
CLEVELAND -- Jay Bruce has been a big reason why . Bruce homered and drove in three runs to lead the Cleveland Indians to a 4 - 0 win over the New York Yankees on Friday night . Bruce , who had been 0 for 12 in his first two major league games , hit a two - run homer in the fourth off Sonny Gray ( 0 - 1 ) . Bruce went 2 - for - 3 with three RBIs . Trevor Bauer ( 1 - 0 ) gave up two hits in 6 2/3 innings , striking out eight and walking one . Sonny Gray ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and three hits in 3 1/3 innings in his second start of the season . The Indians loaded the bases with no outs in the second on a double by Jay Bruce , a single by Carlos Santana and a hit by Carlos Santana . Bruce scored when Roberto Perez grounded into a double play . The Indians loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but Adam Warren retired Jason Kipnis on a fly ball to end the inning . Jaime Garcia relieved Adam Warren with one out in the sixth and retired Jose Ramirez on a grounder . Ramirez advanced to third on a wild pitch and scored on Jay Bruce 's sacrifice fly . The Yankees threatened in the eighth when Chase Headley drew a one - out walk and moved to third on Brett Gardner 's groundout . Miller then struck out Aaron Judge on a 2 - 2 pitch to end the inning . Starlin Castro singled with two outs in the ninth for New York , but Allen struck out Greg Bird to end it .
CLEVELAND -- The Cleveland Indians are making a habit of their playoff push . Jay Bruce had a two - run single and the Indians beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight win . The Indians have won six of their last seven games and are 10 games over .500 for the first time since 2007 . Josh Tomlin ( 10 - 9 ) gave up one run and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out six and did n't walk a batter . Cody Allen struck out the side in the ninth for his 30th save in 35 chances . Chris Volstad ( 1 - 2 ) gave up three runs and three hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out two . The Indians loaded the bases with no outs in the first on a walk to Francisco Lindor , a walk to Jason Kipnis and Jose Ramirez 's walk . Jay Bruce hit a two - run single and Carlos Santana followed with a sacrifice fly . Bruce was activated from the disabled list before the game after being sidelined by a strained right hamstring . Rob Brantly hit a leadoff homer in the fifth for the White Sox , who lost for the 10th time in 12 games . The White Sox have lost five of six . Rob Brantly hit a leadoff homer in the fifth for Chicago 's only run . Andrew Miller got the first two outs of the eighth and Bryan Shaw walked Yoan Moncada before pinch-hitter Tyler Saladino struck out .
BOSTON -- The Houston Astros have been waiting all season long enough to keep their winning streak alive . Yuli Gurriel hit a go-ahead sacrifice fly in Houston 's two - run seventh inning and the Astros rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night . The Astros won for the seventh time in eight games and moved within one game of first-place Texas in the AL West . Collin McHugh ( 5 - 2 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Tyler Clippard pitched the ninth for his fifth save . The Astros won for the seventh time in eight games and snapped a four - game losing streak to the Red Sox . The Red Sox lost for the seventh time in eight games and fell a season-high nine games below .500 . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth on a two - run double by Rafael Devers and a passed ball by Juan Centeno that allowed Rafael Devers to score and make it 3 - 0 . In the seventh , Fernando Abad ( 2 - 1 ) walked Max Stassi and J. D. Davis singled to start the inning . Juan Centeno followed with an RBI single , and Colin Moran drove in Centeno with a single to right . Tony Kemp 's RBI single made it 3 - 1 , and Yuli Gurriel 's sacrifice fly made it 4 - 3 . The Red Sox made it 3 - 0 in the fourth when Brock Holt led off with a double and scored on Devers ' double into the right-field corner . Chris Young singled to put runners at the corners , and Devers came home on Centeno 's passed ball . McHugh allowed three runs and five hits , striking out eight and walking one .
SEATTLE -- Felix Hernandez is making a strong case to stay in the rotation . Hernandez pitched 5 1/3 scoreless innings in his first start of the season and the Seattle Mariners beat the Cleveland Indians 2 - 1 on Wednesday night . Hernandez ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two hits , struck out four and walked two in his first start of the season . Cruz 's two - run homer in the first off Corey Kluber ( 0 - 1 ) gave Seattle a 2 - 0 lead . Marc Rzepczynski got the final out in the seventh , and Marc Rzepczynski got the final out of the inning . Edwin Diaz struck out the side in the ninth for his first save . Kluber ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in eight innings . He struck out eight and walked one . The Indians have lost five of their last six games . Cruz hit a two - run homer in the first inning to give the Mariners a 2 - 0 lead . It was his second homer of the season and fourth of his career . Hernandez struck out Yonder Alonso , Lonnie Chisenhall and Lonnie Chisenhall to end the inning . Marc Rzepczynski got the first out of the seventh and Nick Vincent gave up a two - out RBI single to Yan Gomes that made it 2 - 1 . Tyler Naquin followed with a single , but Zimmer lined out to center to end the inning . The Indians have lost five of their last six games .
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) -- Khris Davis ' first homer of the season was a big one . Davis hit a one - out triple in the 11th inning to give the Oakland Athletics a 6 - 5 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Wednesday night . The A 's won their fourth straight and sixth in seven games overall . Boog Powell started the winning rally with a one - out triple off Noe Ramirez ( 0 - 1 ) . After Matt Joyce was intentionally walked , Semien lined a single to center . Chris Hatcher ( 1 - 0 ) pitched the 11th for the win . Khris Davis hit a tying three - run homer in the fifth for the Angels , who have lost four straight and six of seven . Pujols led off the sixth with a home run off Kendall Graveman to put the Angels ahead 5 - 4 . Jose Alvarez got the final out of the seventh , Jose Alvarez struck out Stephen Piscotty to end the inning and Keynan Middleton retired Stephen Piscotty on a grounder with the bases loaded to end the inning . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the second when Kole Calhoun hit a one - out triple and scored on Andrelton Simmons ' single . Martin Maldonado added an RBI double to make it 2 - 0 . Calhoun homered leading off the fourth to make it 3 - 0 . Oakland starter Kendall Graveman gave up five runs and seven hits in five innings .
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Cincinnati Reds found a way to win . Adam Duvall hit a two - run homer and Alex Blandino scored twice to lead the Reds to an 8 - 2 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Friday night . The Reds won for the fifth time in six games and moved a half-game ahead of St. Louis in the NL Central . Mahle ( 2 - 3 ) gave up one run and four hits with seven strikeouts and two walks in 6 1/3 innings . Jose Berrios ( 2 - 3 ) gave up four runs on five hits and three walks in three innings for the loss . The Twins have lost five of their last six games . Adam Duvall hit a two - run homer and Jesse Winker had an RBI double for the Reds , who have lost six of their last seven games . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jose Peraza singled , Joey Votto walked and Eugenio Suarez hit an RBI double . The Reds made it 4 - 0 in the third on an RBI fielder 's choice by Scott Schebler and Adam Duvall 's fielder 's choice grounder . The Reds scored three runs off Taylor Rogers in the fourth . Jason Castro doubled and scored on Mauer 's one - out single to make it 7 - 1 . Duvall led off the seventh with a homer off Tyler Duffey to make it 8 - 1 .
TORONTO -- The Texas Rangers found a way to win . Ronald Guzman hit a tiebreaking , two - run single in the sixth inning and the Rangers beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Rangers won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 6 - 1 on their 10-game road trip . Mike Minor ( 2 - 1 ) allowed four runs and nine hits in six innings , walked none and struck out four . Keone Kela pitched the ninth for his fifth save in five chances . Marcus Stroman ( 0 - 3 ) allowed six runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out four . Guzman singled in the sixth to drive in Nomar Mazara and Joey Gallo , who reached on singles . Stroman said he was n't trying to get the ball out of the infield . Delino DeShields led off the game with a single , Shin-Soo Choo walked and Jurickson Profar grounded out before Mazara hit a two - run single . Gallo followed with a two - run homer to left , his eighth . The Blue Jays cut it to 4 - 3 in the second when Russell Martin doubled and scored on Steve Pearce 's two - run double . The Blue Jays cut it to 4 - 3 in the bottom of the inning when Russell Martin doubled and scored on Pillar 's two - out double . Toronto tied it in the bottom half when Yangervis Solarte scored on Kevin Pillar 's one - out triple , but Kendrys Morales struck out to end the inning .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Matt Davidson 's first two home runs of the season was a big one . Davidson hit two of the Chicago White Sox 's four home runs in a 6 - 3 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . The White Sox scored three runs in the fourth inning off Royals starter Jakob Junis ( 3 - 2 ) , who gave up six runs on six hits and two walks in 5 2/3 innings . Davidson 's second homer of the game , a two - run shot , put the White Sox up 3 - 0 . It was Davidson 's first multihomer game of the season . Davidson 's two - out , two - run homer off Junis in the sixth inning gave the White Sox a 6 - 2 lead . Lucas Giolito ( 1 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings for his first major league win . Joakim Soria worked the ninth for his third save in four opportunities . Jakob Junis ( 3 - 2 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked two . The White Sox scored three runs in the fourth on a solo homer by Castillo and a solo shot by Davidson . Mike Moustakas led off the fourth with a single and Soler drove a 1 - 1 pitch over the wall in left for a two - run homer that made it 3 - 2 . Davidson 's first home run , a two - run shot in the sixth , gave the White Sox a 6 - 2 lead . Salvador Perez led off the eighth with a single off Nate Jones and scored on Alcides Escobar 's two - out single .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) -- Michael A. Taylor is making the most of his opportunity . Taylor hit a three - run homer and the San Francisco Giants beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight victory . Williamson 's homer in the sixth inning was his first since April 26 . He has hit safely in 10 of his last 12 games and is batting .477 ( 21 - for - 40 ) over his last 10 games . Taylor 's first homer of the season was his first at home since being called up from the minors on April 8 . Taylor 's homer in the fourth inning off Ty Blach gave the Giants a 3 - 0 lead . Williamson 's homer in the sixth off Tanner Roark ( 1 - 2 ) gave San Francisco a 4 - 3 lead . Hunter Strickland pitched a perfect ninth for his fifth save in seven chances . Roark ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out four . The Nationals ' best scoring chance came in the fourth when Ryan Zimmerman drew a two - out walk and took second on a single by Moises Sierra . Taylor then drove a 1 - 1 pitch into the left-field bleachers for his third home run of the season . Joe Panik , who had three hits , singled with one out in the first and scored on a wild pitch by Roark . Belt hit a two - run homer in the third to give San Francisco a 3 - 0 lead . The Giants loaded the bases with two outs in the first on a single by Panik , a single by Posey and a walk to Brandon Belt . Panik scored on Roark 's wild pitch to Evan Longoria .
CLEVELAND -- The Chicago Cubs ' offense is finally starting to come . Kyle Schwarber hit two home runs , Tommy La Stella added a two - run double and the Cubs beat the Cleveland Indians 10 - 3 on Wednesday night . The Cubs won for the fifth time in six games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . Tyler Chatwood ( 1 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings , walking five and striking out five . Josh Tomlin ( 0 - 3 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings . The Cubs scored two runs in the second on Kyle Schwarber 's second homer and Ian Happ 's RBI single . Contreras ' homer made it 3 - 0 in the third . Willson Contreras hit a solo homer in the third for Cleveland , which has lost four of five . Jose Ramirez had three hits for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Schwarber led off the fourth with a homer to right , his fourth of the season and second in two games . Happ 's second homer of the season made it 5 - 1 . The Cubs added three runs in the seventh off Zach McAllister . Jason Heyward and Ian Happ singled to start the inning , and Albert Almora Jr. singled in Jason Heyward to make it 6 - 1 . Happ scored on a groundout by Javier Baez and Tommy La Stella added an RBI single to make it 8 - 1 . The Cubs added two runs in the ninth off Matt Belisle . Baez led off with a double and scored on Rizzo 's single to make it 9 - 2 . Contreras walked and later scored on Tommy La Stella 's groundout .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Johnny Cueto is making a strong case for a spot in the rotation . Cueto pitched six scoreless innings of two - hit ball in his second start of the season , and the San Francisco Giants beat the Los Angeles Angels 4 - 2 on Wednesday night . Cueto ( 2 - 0 ) struck out seven and walked two in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained back muscle . The right-hander was 0 - 3 with a 9.15 ERA in his first two starts of the season . Cueto did n't allow a hit until Ian Kinsler led off the sixth with a clean single to center field . He was replaced by Tony Watson , who got Justin Upton to ground into a double play , then got Luis Valbuena to ground into a double play to end the inning . Mike Trout hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Hunter Strickland pitched the ninth for his third save in four chances . Jaime Barria ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and five hits over two innings in his first major league start . The Giants took a 3 - 0 lead in the third on a double-play grounder by Buster Posey and Longoria 's two - run homer off Noe Ramirez . Belt led off the fifth with his second homer of the season , driving a 3 - 2 pitch from Blake Parker over the fence in left-center . The Angels loaded the bases with one out in the sixth on a single by Ian Kinsler , an error by shortstop Brandon Crawford and a single by Ohtani . But Luis Valbuena grounded into a double play to end the inning . The Angels have lost five of their last six games . Trout hit a two - run homer in the eighth off Giants reliever Cory Gearrin , who was making his major league debut .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) -- The Philadelphia Phillies have n't had a winning season . Aaron Altherr drove in the winning run with a single in the 11th inning to lift the Phillies to a 3 - 2 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Wednesday night . The NL East-leading Phillies won for the fifth time in six games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . They 've won seven of their last 10 games . The Pirates had runners on first and third with no outs in the ninth but failed to score when Jordy Mercer grounded out against Victor Arano . Altherr hit a one - out triple off Richard Rodriguez ( 0 - 1 ) and scored on Altherr 's single to right . Yacksel Rios ( 3 - 0 ) tossed a scoreless 11th to earn the win . Cesar Hernandez led off the bottom of the 10th with a single off Kyle Crick and advanced to third on pinch-hitter Josh Bell 's one - out grounder . But Crick struck out Rhys Hoskins and got Maikel Franco to ground out to end the inning . Josh Bell hit a one - out triple in the 10th , but Arano struck out Sean Rodriguez and got Maikel Franco to fly out to end the inning . The Pirates have lost five of six . Diaz had a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Pirates a 2 - 0 lead . The Phillies tied it in the fifth . Andrew Knapp walked with one out and scored on Nick Pivetta 's double to right . Pivetta went to third on a wild pitch and scored on Cesar Hernandez 's sacrifice fly to tie it at 2 . Pivetta allowed two runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two .
NEW YORK -- Jordan Montgomery is making the most of his opportunity . Montgomery pitched six sharp innings for his first win in more than a year , and the New York Yankees beat the Toronto Blue Jays 9 - 1 on Wednesday night . Montgomery ( 2 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits , struck out five and walked three in his second start of the season . Miguel Andujar hit a three - run double during a nine - run sixth inning for the Yankees , who won for the seventh time in nine games . Marcus Stroman ( 0 - 2 ) was charged with eight runs , six earned , and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked four . Judge hit a two - run homer in the third off Stroman ( 0 - 2 ) , who was making his second start since coming off the disabled list . The Blue Jays cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the fifth when Randal Grichuk walked , took second on Lourdes Gurriel Jr. 's single and scored on Steve Pearce 's single . Brett Gardner led off the sixth with a single and Aaron Judge walked to load the bases . Didi Gregorius singled in Gardner , and Aaron Hicks reached on catcher Luke Maile 's throwing error to load the bases . John Axford came on and gave up a sacrifice fly to Brett Gardner and an RBI single to Aaron Judge that made it 9 - 1 . The Blue Jays have lost four of five . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with one out in the third on a single by Aledmys Diaz , a walk to Randal Grichuk and a walk to Steve Pearce . Montgomery then struck out Teoscar Hernandez and got Yangervis Solarte to pop out to end the threat . Chasen Shreve pitched a scoreless seventh for the Yankees . Jonathan Holder pitched a perfect ninth for the Yankees . Jonathan Holder pitched a perfect ninth for the Yankees .
NEW YORK -- J. T. Realmuto is making the most of his opportunity . Realmuto hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs , and the Miami Marlins beat the New York Yankees 9 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Realmuto hit a three - run homer off Masahiro Tanaka ( 2 - 2 ) in the fifth inning and drove in four runs for the Marlins , who won for the fourth time in five games . J. T. Realmuto hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs . Jarlin Garcia ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one hit in five shutout innings for his first major league win . Masahiro Tanaka ( 2 - 2 ) gave up seven runs -- five earned -- and seven hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Marlins scored three times in the first , including run-scoring singles by Starlin Castro and Tomas Telis . Derek Dietrich made it 4 - 0 in the second with an RBI single . Realmuto 's homer made it 7 - 0 in the fifth . The Yankees loaded the bases with one out against Tayron Guerrero in the sixth , but Guerrero struck out Neil Walker and Tyler Austin to end the inning . The Marlins added three runs in the eighth against Luis Cessa . Andujar 's two - out homer off Brad Ziegler made it 9 - 1 in the ninth .
SEATTLE -- Sean Manaea did n't have his best stuff . Manaea pitched two - hit ball for seven innings , and the Oakland Athletics beat the Seattle Mariners 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Manaea ( 2 - 2 ) struck out four and walked two . Lowrie 's two - run homer in the first off Felix Hernandez ( 2 - 2 ) gave Oakland a 2 - 0 lead . Hernandez ( 2 - 2 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven without a walk . The A 's did n't get a runner past first base until Lowrie 's homer in the first inning . Lowrie , who had been 0 - for - 12 in his previous six games , hit his first home run of the season on a 3 - 0 pitch . Taylor Motter hit his first home run of the season in the fifth for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Hernandez ( 2 - 2 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings , striking out seven without walking a batter . He was replaced by James Pazos after hitting Matt Chapman with a pitch to open the seventh . Ryan Buchter got the first two outs of the eighth before Ryan Buchter walked Mike Marjama , who advanced on Gordon 's sacrifice bunt . Treinen came in and got Segura to fly out to end the inning . Treinen came on in the ninth for his third save in four chances . He struck out Nelson Cruz and got Kyle Seager to ground out .
SEATTLE -- Mitch Haniger was n't sure what to expect when he came to the plate . Haniger hit a go-ahead , three - run homer in the seventh inning and the Seattle Mariners rallied for a 7 - 4 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . Davis has been one of the few bright spots in the American League this season . He has been one of the most consistent hitters in the American League this season and is hitting .264 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last 10 games . Haniger 's homer came off Danny Coulombe ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up a two - out single to Jean Segura and walked Robinson Cano before Haniger 's homer . Kyle Seager followed with a single and Vogelbach made it 7 - 3 with a two - out RBI double off Chris Hatcher . It was the second career grand slam for Haniger , who also hit a two - run shot in the 10th inning of a 6 - 5 win over the New York Yankees on April 12 . Davis hit his second home run of the game in the eighth off Juan Nicasio to make it 7 - 4 . Edwin Diaz pitched the ninth for his fifth save in as many chances . Matt Chapman hit his first home run of the season for Oakland , a solo shot in the sixth that gave Oakland a 3 - 2 lead . The Mariners took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on RBI singles by Mitch Haniger and Kyle Seager . The A 's scored twice in the bottom of the first on a single by Matt Joyce and a two - run homer by Khris Davis . Oakland tied it in the bottom of the inning on Haniger 's RBI single and Kyle Seager 's RBI double . The A 's loaded the bases with one out in the third on a walk to Matt Joyce and a two - out single by Cano . Leake then struck out Khris Davis and got Olson to fly out to center .
CHICAGO -- Matt Davidson is making a strong case to stay in the big leagues . Davidson hit a go-ahead , two - run homer in the eighth inning , and the Chicago White Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . The White Sox have won four of their last five games . Jose Abreu singled with one out in the eighth off Austin Pruitt ( 1 - 2 ) and Davidson followed with his second homer of the season . Nicky Delmonico then singled before Davidson 's homer . Davidson 's homer was his fourth of the season . Bruce Rondon ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Nate Jones pitched the ninth for his first save . White Sox starter James Shields gave up one run and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked five and struck out six . Tampa Bay 's Yonny Chirinos gave up four hits and struck out five in 5 1/3 scoreless innings . The White Sox loaded the bases with no outs in the third on a single by Omar Narvaez , a walk to Adam Engel and a hit batter . Abreu was hit by a pitch to load the bases with two outs , but Chirinos struck out Matt Davidson to end the inning . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Kevin Kiermaier singled with one out and scored on C. J. Cron 's two - out double . The White Sox threatened in the seventh , putting runners on first and third with one out , but Chaz Roe struck out Yoan Moncada .
LOS ANGELES -- The Oakland Athletics had a season-high 21 hits , including three home runs . Jed Lowrie hit a three - run homer in Oakland 's six - run ninth inning , and the A 's beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 16 - 6 on Friday night . The A 's won for the seventh time in nine games and moved within two games of first-place San Francisco in the AL West . The Dodgers , who have the best record in the majors , lost for the fourth time in five games . Marcus Semien drove in four runs and Marcus Semien drove in four runs for the A 's , who won for the fourth time in five games . Daniel Mengden ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and seven hits in five innings , striking out five and walking none . Alex Wood ( 0 - 2 ) gave up seven runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings , struck out five and walked none . Davis hit a two - run homer in the first inning to give the Athletics a 2 - 0 lead . The A 's extended their lead to 7 - 1 in the fourth on Matt Chapman 's RBI single , Daniel Mengden 's RBI single and Daniel Mengden 's RBI single before Semien 's two - run double made it 6 - 1 . Yasmani Grandal hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . The Dodgers closed to 9 - 4 in the sixth on an RBI single by Yasmani Grandal and an RBI groundout by Logan Forsythe . But pinch-hitter Yasiel Puig flied out to end the inning . Chapman hit a two - run homer off Wilmer Font in the eighth to make it 12 - 4 . Pinch-hitter Kyle Farmer singled with two outs in the ninth for the Dodgers , but Kemp flied out to end the game .
MIAMI -- The New York Mets finally found a way to win . Noah Syndergaard allowed two runs , one earned , and five hits in six innings , and the Mets beat the Miami Marlins 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Mets won for the fifth time in six games and climbed back to .500 for the first time this season . Syndergaard ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs , one earned , and five hits . He struck out five and walked two . Jeurys Familia pitched the ninth for his fifth save in as many chances , striking out Miguel Rojas and Starlin Castro with runners at second and third to end the game . Jose Urena ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Marlins , who rank last in the majors in batting average , runs and hits . The Mets scored twice in the second on an RBI single by Adrian Gonzalez and a double-play grounder by Kevin Plawecki . Amed Rosario led off the third with a double and scored on a two - out single by Jay Bruce to make it 3 - 0 . The Marlins loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth on a single by Starlin Castro , a walk to Bryan Holaday and a two - out walk to Tomas Telis . Derek Dietrich hit an RBI single to cut the deficit to 3 - 1 , but Miguel Rojas grounded out to end the inning . Starlin Castro led off the sixth with a single , stole second and scored on a double by Brian Anderson to make it 3 - 2 . The Mets added an unearned run in the seventh . Adrian Gonzalez drew a leadoff walk and went to third on a one - out grounder by Brandon Nimmo , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Kyle Barraclough replaced Tazawa and gave up an RBI single to Amed Rosario .
BOSTON ( AP ) -- The Boston Red Sox are making a habit of coming through in the clutch . Rafael Devers hit a two - run double during a seven - run eighth inning and the Red Sox rallied for an 8 - 7 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Wednesday night . The Red Sox won for the fifth time in six games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . Tampa Bay has lost four of its last five games . The Red Sox trailed 7 - 2 in the eighth when they loaded the bases against Matt Andriese , who was making his major league debut . Alex Colome ( 0 - 1 ) came in and struck out J. D. Martinez before giving up an RBI double to Mitch Moreland . Eduardo Nunez singled and scored on Jesus Sucre 's sacrifice fly to make it 7 - 2 . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth for his third save in as many chances . The Rays , who have the worst record in the majors , lost for the fifth time in six games . C. J. Cron hit his first homer of the season for Tampa Bay in the second . The Rays took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on an RBI double by Carlos Gomez . The Rays made it 3 - 1 in the fourth when Daniel Robertson led off with a single and Brad Miller walked . Robertson scored on Adeiny Hechavarria 's single to make it 3 - 1 . Tampa Bay cut it to 4 - 2 in the fifth on a walk to Eduardo Nunez , a single by Vazquez and a run-scoring single by Ramirez . The Rays added two runs off Brian Johnson in the seventh . Robertson walked with one out and scored on Wendle 's triple . Sucre 's sacrifice fly off Heath Hembree made it 7 - 2 .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Mike Fiers is making the most of his opportunity . Fiers allowed three hits in six shutout innings , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Chicago White Sox 1 - 0 on Friday night . Fiers ( 1 - 0 ) struck out six and walked one while throwing 90 pitches in his first start of the season . The White Sox loaded the bases with one out in the first on a single by Avisail Garcia , a walk to Matt Davidson and a walk to Matt Davidson . But Nicky Delmonico lined out to third and Welington Castillo grounded out to end the inning . Shane Greene pitched a perfect ninth for his second save . Reynaldo Lopez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up one unearned run and two hits in seven innings . He walked five and struck out five . The White Sox were shut out for the second time this season and have lost five of their last six games . Leonys Martin led off the game with a single , stole second and scored on Miguel Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . The White Sox loaded the bases with one out in the bottom of the first , but Nicky Delmonico lined out to third and Welington Castillo grounded out to end the inning . Lopez walked Niko Goodrum and Mahtook with two outs in the fourth , then struck out John Hicks to end the inning . The White Sox were shut out for the second time this season and have been shut out in consecutive games for the first time this season . The Tigers have won six of their last seven games , including three straight at U. S. Cellular Field , where they have won six of their last seven overall . The Tigers have won six of their last seven games .
MILWAUKEE -- The Chicago Cubs are starting to look like a team that has n't had a winning season . Ian Happ hit a two - run single in Chicago 's four - run ninth inning , and the Cubs beat the Milwaukee Brewers 5 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Cubs won for the eighth time in nine games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . Pedro Strop ( 2 - 0 ) got the last two outs of the eighth for the win . Jacob Barnes ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . Brandon Morrow pitched the ninth for his first save , striking out Jonathan Villar to end the game . Cubs starter Yu Darvish gave up one run and two hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked one . Brewers starter Zach Davies gave up one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked three . Bryant led off the sixth with his second home run of the season to tie it at 1 . The Brewers regained the lead in the eighth . Jett Bandy was hit by a pitch from Steve Cishek with one out and Eric Sogard doubled to put runners on second and third . Lorenzo Cain hit a sacrifice fly to deep center that gave the Brewers a 2 - 1 lead . Thames led off the bottom of the fourth with his first homer of the season to give the Brewers a 1 - 0 lead . Bryant led off the sixth with his second homer of the season to tie it at 1 . Kyle Schwarber followed with a walk , but Willson Contreras flied out and Victor Caratini struck out .
PITTSBURGH -- Eugenio Suarez is making the most of his opportunity . Suarez hit a three - run homer and drove in five runs , leading the Cincinnati Reds to a 7 - 4 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Suarez 's three - run homer in the eighth inning off George Kontos ( 0 - 1 ) gave the Reds a 7 - 4 lead . It was his third homer of the season and second in two games . Suarez has been one of the few bright spots for the three - time All-Star , who is batting just .308 with runners in scoring position . Suarez , who had three hits , hit a three - run homer in the eighth off Pirates reliever George Kontos ( 0 - 1 ) . Raisel Iglesias worked the ninth for his second save . Pirates starter Chad Kuhl allowed two runs and five hits in five innings , striking out seven and walking three . Pirates starter Chad Kuhl gave up two runs and five hits in five innings , walking three and striking out seven . Corey Dickerson 's two - run double in the first off Sal Romano gave the Pirates a 2 - 0 lead . The Pirates scored three times in the second . Colin Moran drew a leadoff walk and moved to third on Jordy Mercer 's single . Josh Harrison followed with a sacrifice fly and Adam Frazier drove in Mercer with a single to make it 4 - 0 . The Reds got a run back in the third when Winker walked , took third on a double by Suarez and scored on Votto 's sacrifice fly . The Reds scored twice in the fifth off Sal Romano , who was making his second start of the season . Kuhl gave up two runs and five hits in five innings , walking three and striking out one . Suarez 's two - run single off Dovydas Neverauskas tied it in the sixth .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels finally found a way to win . Justin Upton hit a three - run homer in a five - run seventh inning , and the Angels rallied from a six - run deficit to beat the Oakland Athletics 13 - 9 on Wednesday night . Justin Upton hit a two - run homer and Luis Valbuena had a two - run single for the Angels , who have won four of five . The Angels trailed 8 - 7 in the seventh when pinch-hitter Jefry Marte doubled off Ryan Buchter and scored on a wild pitch by Blake Treinen ( 0 - 1 ) . Kole Calhoun drew a leadoff walk in the eighth , stole second and scored on a wild pitch by Santiago Casilla . Matt Joyce and Marcus Semien hit back-to-back homers in the second inning for the A 's , who have lost five of six . The A 's , who have lost six of their last seven games , have lost five of their last six games . The A 's scored six runs in the second inning against Parker Bridwell , who was making his major league debut . Albert Pujols and Kole Calhoun started the inning with singles and scored on Andrelton Simmons ' double . Luis Valbuena added a two - run single and Martin Maldonado added an RBI single later in the inning . The Angels cut it to 8 - 7 in the fifth on RBI singles by Andrelton Simmons and Martin Maldonado . Jim Johnson ( 1 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up a solo homer to Olson in the seventh that made it 9 - 7 . Kole Calhoun drew a leadoff walk in the eighth , stole second and scored on a wild pitch by Santiago Casilla .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros have n't had a winning season . Alex Bregman drove in Derek Fisher with a tiebreaking single in the seventh inning to lift the Astros to a 3 - 2 win over the Baltimore Orioles on Friday night . The Astros won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . Derek Fisher drew a one - out walk from Miguel Castro ( 0 - 1 ) and stole second with two outs before scoring on Bregman 's single to left . Brad Peacock ( 1 - 0 ) pitched three innings of two - hit ball for his first major league win . He struck out five , including Colby Rasmus to start the seventh inning . Miguel Castro ( 0 - 1 ) walked Derek Fisher with one out in the seventh before retiring George Springer on a fly to right . Fisher stole second and scored on a single by Bregman to make it 3 - 2 . Baltimore starter Dylan Bundy yielded five hits and two runs -- one earned -- with eight strikeouts in six innings . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Tim Beckham singled and scored on a groundout by Adam Jones . Baltimore tied it in the second when Josh Reddick singled , took third on a double by Marwin Gonzalez and scored on a groundout by Jake Marisnick to tie it at 1 . Danny Valencia walked to start the fourth before a one - out single by Caleb Joseph put runners at the corners . Craig Gentry then hit a grounder to shortstop Gonzalez , who threw to shortstop Gonzalez for an error , allowing Valencia to score . Altuve singled with one out in the sixth before Reddick singled with one out . Altuve scored on a sacrifice bunt by Marwin Gonzalez to tie it at 2 .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- The Texas Rangers have been waiting for Cole Hamels to get back on track . Hamels struck out a season-high 11 in five innings , and the Rangers beat the Oakland Athletics 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Hamels ( 1 - 1 ) gave up one run and four hits . He walked three and struck out a season-high 11 in his first start of the season . Chad Pinder hit a solo homer in the third for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Hamels struck out 11 and walked three in his first start of the season . Keone Kela pitched the ninth for his first save . Kendall Graveman ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out one . The Rangers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Robinson Chirinos ' RBI groundout and Rougned Odor 's run-scoring single . Gallo homered in the third , his first of the season . Chad Pinder hit a solo home run in the third for the A 's , who have lost four of five . The Rangers added a run in the fourth when Nomar Mazara singled , took second on a wild pitch and scored on Rougned Odor 's single to make it 4 - 1 . The A 's loaded the bases with one out in the seventh , but Alex Claudio got Lowrie to ground out to end the inning .
PITTSBURGH -- Colin Moran is making the most of his opportunity . Moran hit his first career grand slam during a five - run first inning , and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Minnesota Twins 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Moran 's first career grand slam was the first of his career . He hit a 3 - 2 pitch from Lance Lynn ( 0 - 1 ) into the seats in right field for his first career grand slam in the first inning . It was the third grand slam of Moran 's career . Jameson Taillon ( 1 - 0 ) gave up two runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings , striking out nine and walking none . George Kontos pitched a perfect ninth for his first save . Lance Lynn ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs and three hits in four innings , walking six and striking out three . The Pirates scored five runs in the first . Josh Harrison led off with a walk and scored on Gregory Polanco 's double . Lynn walked Starling Marte and Francisco Cervelli to load the bases for Moran , who drove a 3 - 2 pitch into the seats in right for his first career grand slam . Lynn was coming off one of his worst starts of the season , when he gave up five runs and eight hits in four innings against the New York Yankees . The Twins scored three times in the sixth to cut the deficit to 5 - 4 , but Taillon struck out pinch-hitter Robbie Grossman to start the inning , and Edgar Santana gave up a double to Miguel Sano before being replaced by Edgar Santana . Mauer scored on a wild pitch and Max Kepler doubled in a run to cut it to 5 - 4 . Dovydas Neverauskas came on and got Byron Buxton to line out to end the inning . The Twins had a chance to add to their lead in the seventh when Jason Castro drew a leadoff walk and pinch hitter Logan Morrison was hit by a pitch . But Brian Dozier grounded into a double play and Mauer flied out to end the inning .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Shohei Ohtani 's first major league win was a memorable one . Ohtani pitched six strong innings for his first major league win , and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Oakland Athletics 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Ohtani ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three runs and three hits , struck out six and walked one in his first start of the season . The right-hander was 0 - 2 with a 9.75 ERA in his first two starts of the season . Matt Chapman hit a two - run homer in the second inning for the A 's , who have lost four straight and six of seven . Kole Calhoun had two hits and drove in a run , and Andrelton Simmons added a two - run single in the seventh to help the Angels win for the fourth time in five games . Keynan Middleton came on to get the last two outs for his first career save . Daniel Gossett ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and six hits in four - plus innings . He walked two and did not strike out a batter . The A 's lost for the fifth time in six games . Chapman hit a three - run homer in the second inning to give the A 's a 3 - 2 lead . Jefry Marte had three hits and drove in a run in the fifth for the Angels , who have won three of four . Kole Calhoun hit an RBI single off Chris Hatcher in the seventh and Andrelton Simmons added a two - run single later in the inning to put the Angels ahead 7 - 3 . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on consecutive two - out doubles by Valbuena and Marte .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- The Boston Red Sox are finally starting to find a way to win . Rafael Devers drove in the tiebreaking run with a sixth-inning single , and the Red Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays 2 - 1 on Wednesday night . The Red Sox have won four of their last five games . Hector Velazquez ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and five hits in 5 2/3 innings for the win . Joe Kelly pitched the ninth for his first save , striking out Denard Span with runners on first and third to end the game . The Rays have lost six of their last seven games . Brad Miller hit a solo homer in the second for Tampa Bay , which has lost four of five . The Red Sox tied it at 1 on J. D. Martinez 's RBI single in the fifth . Jackie Bradley Jr. led off the sixth with a single off Jose Alvarado ( 0 - 1 ) and Blake Swihart struck out before Brock Holt walked . Mookie Betts was hit by a pitch to load the bases , and Devers drove in Bradley with a single to center . Velazquez gave up one run and five hits in 5 2/3 innings , striking out five and walking one . Marcus Walden got Wilson Ramos to fly out with runners on second and third to end the sixth . Faria gave up one run and four hits in four - plus innings . He walked three and struck out two . Faria was making his first start of the season after being called up from Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre .
SEATTLE -- Nelson Cruz is making a strong case to be the designated hitter . Cruz hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs to lead the Seattle Mariners to a 6 - 1 victory over the Texas Rangers on Friday night . Cruz 's homer was the first of his career in the third inning . He also hit a two - run shot in the ninth inning of Tuesday night 's 6 - 4 win over the Rangers . Cruz has been one of the most consistent hitters in the American League this season , but has struggled at times this season . LeBlanc ( 1 - 0 ) gave up one run and four hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out four , including Joey Gallo and Ronald Guzman with runners on second and third to end the fourth . LeBlanc has been one of the few bright spots for the rotation . Mike Minor ( 4 - 4 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and six hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Mariners added a pair of runs in the fifth . Mike Zunino drew a leadoff walk and went to third on Jean Segura 's one - out single . Mitch Haniger followed with a grounder to third baseman Kyle Seager , who threw to second for an error , allowing Zunino to score . Nelson Cruz followed with a sacrifice fly . The Mariners added a run in the seventh against Matt Bush . Jean Segura led off with a walk and Nelson Cruz singled with one out . Kyle Seager flied out to deep center , and Healy singled to make it 6 - 1 . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Dee Gordon led off with a triple and scored on Jean Segura 's sacrifice fly . Segura doubled with one out in the third and advanced to third on Mitch Haniger 's groundout . Cruz then drove a first-pitch fastball into the left-field seats to give the Mariners a 3 - 0 lead . The Rangers loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth on a walk to Mike Zunino , a double by Jurickson Profar and a walk to Robinson Chirinos . LeBlanc escaped by striking out Joey Gallo and getting Ronald Guzman to ground out . The Mariners added a pair of unearned runs in the fifth . Mike Zunino walked to open the inning and Jean Segura singled to put runners at second and third with one out . Mitch Haniger hit a grounder to third baseman Isiah Kiner-Falefa , who threw to second for an error , allowing Zunino to score . Cruz followed with a sacrifice fly .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Sean Newcomb was n't going to let the game slip away . Newcomb pitched seven strong innings to win his fourth straight start , and the Atlanta Braves beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 2 on Wednesday night . Newcomb ( 6 - 1 ) gave up four hits and two runs . He walked two and struck out two . Arodys Vizcaino pitched the ninth for his 10th save . Tanner Roark ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four runs on seven hits and five walks in 6 2/3 innings . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Trea Turner drew a walk and scored on Anthony Rendon 's sacrifice fly . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the second . Nick Markakis led off with a double and scored on Preston Tucker 's one - out double . Flowers scored on Sean Newcomb 's fielder 's choice grounder . The Braves took a 3 - 2 lead in the third . Trea Turner led off with a single , stole second and scored on Anthony Rendon 's single . The Braves took a 3 - 2 lead in the third . Albies singled , took third on a double by Freeman and scored on a double by Freeman . The Braves added a run in the seventh . Ender Inciarte singled with two outs and scored on Ozzie Albies ' double off the wall in left . Rendon led off the sixth with a double , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Pinch-hitter Ryan Flaherty grounded out and Ender Inciarte singled to put runners at first and second with two outs . Tim Collins replaced Roark and gave up Ozzie Albies ' run-scoring double to right .
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) -- Daniel Mengden is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Mengden won for the first time in more than a month , and the Oakland Athletics beat the Tampa Bay Rays 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Mengden ( 6 - 4 ) allowed three runs and six hits in eight innings , struck out five and walked two . He has allowed three runs or fewer in seven of his last 10 starts . The Rays scored three runs in the ninth off Tampa Bay 's Vidal Nuno , including a two - run double by Christian Arroyo that made it 7 - 3 . Blake Treinen got the final out for his 13th save in 14 chances . The Rays have lost five of their last six games . Joyce hit a two - run homer off Vidal Nuno in the eighth for the A 's , who have won six of their last seven games . The A 's won for the 10th time in 12 games to move a season-high 10 games over .500 . Piscotty 's two - run double in the second off Ryne Stanek ( 1 - 1 ) gave Oakland a 2 - 0 lead . Canha followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 0 . Olson 's homer made it 4 - 0 in the seventh , and Chapman homered off Vidal Nuno in the bottom half . Matt Joyce hit a two - run homer off Vidal Nuno in the eighth for Tampa Bay . Rays starter Ryan Yarbrough gave up three runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out nine and walked three . Yarbrough gave up three runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out nine and walked three .
SAN DIEGO -- Hunter Renfroe 's first major league hit was a big one . Renfroe hit a game-ending RBI single in the ninth inning and the San Diego Padres beat the Miami Marlins 3 - 2 on Wednesday night . The Padres , who have the worst record in the majors , have won six of their last seven games . Franmil Reyes led off the ninth with a walk against Brad Ziegler ( 0 - 5 ) and took third on Freddy Galvis ' one - out double . Manuel Margot was intentionally walked to load the bases . Renfroe then hit a grounder to third baseman Miguel Rojas , who threw home to get Margot . Ziegler ( 0 - 5 ) was charged with two runs , one earned , and two hits in one - third of an inning . Matt Strahm ( 1 - 2 ) pitched two perfect innings for the win . Marlins starter Jose Urena allowed one run and three hits in six innings , struck out six and walked two . Miami 's Jose Urena gave up one run and three hits in six innings , struck out six and walked two . Starlin Castro hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Reyes homered into the second deck in left field with two outs in the fourth to cut the Padres ' deficit to 2 - 1 . The Marlins loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth , but Starlin Castro grounded out to end the threat . The Marlins loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth , but Starlin Castro grounded out to end the threat .
ATLANTA -- Charlie Culberson 's first career homer was a big one . Culberson hit a pinch-hit , two - run homer in the ninth inning to give the Atlanta Braves a 4 - 3 victory over the New York Mets on Friday night . Culberson , who had been 0 for 3 with two strikeouts in his career against Lugo ( 1 - 1 ) , lined a 1 - 2 pitch into the seats in right field for his first homer of the season . Culberson , a rookie , hit his first career homer in the ninth off Lugo ( 1 - 1 ) , who gave up three runs on three hits and a walk in 1 1/3 innings . Culberson is hitting .218 with four homers and eight RBIs in his last 10 games . Shane Carle ( 3 - 1 ) gave up a homer to Devin Mesoraco in the top of the ninth . deGrom gave up five hits , including Tyler Flowers ' homer in the seventh , and five hits with eight strikeouts and three walks . The Braves trailed 2 - 1 in the eighth when Ozzie Albies singled off Seth Lugo ( 1 - 1 ) to start the inning . Albies moved to third on Freeman 's single and scored on Nick Markakis ' sacrifice fly . New York starter Jacob deGrom gave up one run on five hits and three walks in seven innings . He struck out eight . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Brandon Nimmo was hit by a pitch and Asdrubal Cabrera reached on shortstop Dansby Swanson 's throwing error . After Michael Conforto struck out , Jose Bautista walked to load the bases . Nimmo scored on Devin Mesoraco 's bases-loaded walk to make it 1 - 0 . The Mets made it 2 - 0 in the fourth when Devin Mesoraco led off with a single and scored on Guillorme 's double . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the fourth on singles by Freddie Freeman and Nick Markakis and a walk to Tyler Flowers . But deGrom struck out Preston Tucker and Johan Camargo to end the threat .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Justin Verlander was n't sure what to expect when he was on the mound . Verlander won his fourth straight start and the Houston Astros beat the New York Yankees 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Verlander ( 7 - 2 ) gave up one run and five hits in 6 2/3 innings , striking out five without a walk . J. D. Davis hit a three - run homer in the second inning for the Astros , who have won four of five . Verlander ( 7 - 2 ) gave up a leadoff single to Yuli Gurriel in the second , then struck out Gleyber Torres , Didi Gregorius and Didi Gregorius to end the inning . J. D. Davis hit a three - run homer in the second off Domingo German ( 0 - 3 ) , and J. D. Davis added a three - run shot for the Astros , who have won four of five . The Astros made it 4 - 0 in the fourth when Yuli Gurriel reached on an error by second baseman Gleyber Torres and scored on Evan Gattis ' single . German allowed four runs -- three earned -- and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Verlander retired the first two batters in the fifth , then gave up a single to Didi Gregorius and a two - out single to Miguel Andujar before retiring Neil Walker on a popup to end the inning . Greg Bird hit a leadoff homer in the seventh for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Chris Devenski pitched a scoreless eighth for the Astros . Ken Giles pitched a scoreless ninth for the Astros .
ARLINGTON , Kansas City manager Ned Yost was n't worried about Jason Hammel 's performance . Joey Gallo and Robinson Chirinos hit consecutive home runs in the seventh inning , and the Royals beat the Texas Rangers 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Hammel ( 2 - 5 ) struck out 10 in 5 1/3 innings , allowing four hits and two walks . Joey Gallo and Robinson Chirinos hit consecutive homers in the seventh for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Kelvin Herrera worked the ninth for his 11th save in 12 chances . Cole Hamels ( 3 - 5 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out two and walked three . The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Dozier 's two - out , two - run single that scored Jon Jay and Jorge Soler . Butera 's homer made it 3 - 0 in the second . Whit Merrifield led off the third with a single and scored on Perez 's first homer of the season , a two - run shot that made it 5 - 0 . Shin-Soo Choo 's one - out double in the third was the Rangers ' only hit until Choo 's one - out double in the third , but Hammel struck out Isiah Kiner-Falefa and Nomar Mazara to end the inning . The Rangers had runners on first and third with one out in the sixth , but Jurickson Profar hit into a double play .
NEW YORK -- Masahiro Tanaka has been on quite a roll . Tanaka struck out eight in six sharp innings , and the New York Yankees beat the Los Angeles Angels 3 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Tanaka ( 6 - 2 ) gave up one run and three hits , lowering his ERA to 4.62 . He is 6 - 0 in his last seven starts . Aroldis Chapman worked around a leadoff walk in the ninth for his 11th save in 12 chances . Garrett Richards ( 4 - 4 ) gave up three runs , three hits and five walks in 2 1/3 innings . He also hit Greg Bird with a pitch with the bases loaded to force in a run in the third . Richards walked five and struck out three in 2 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The Yankees loaded the bases with one out in the third on a single by Aaron Judge , a walk to Gary Sanchez and a two - out walk to Didi Gregorius . Hicks walked to force in a run , and Greg Bird was hit by a pitch with the bases loaded to force in a run . Angels manager Mike Scioscia came out to argue and was ejected for the first time this season . Andrelton Simmons hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Andrelton Simmons hit a solo homer with one out in the sixth for Los Angeles , but Mike Trout was thrown out trying to steal second to end the inning . Dellin Betances walked Ohtani to start the eighth , then struck out pinch hitter Jefry Marte and got Andrelton Simmons to ground into a double play . Aroldis Chapman worked around a leadoff walk to Ohtani in the ninth for his 11th save in 12 chances .
DETROIT -- Tim Anderson was n't going to let the game get away . Anderson hit two home runs and drove in four runs to lead the Chicago White Sox to an 8 - 4 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Anderson is hitting .246 with two homers and seven RBIs in his last seven games . Anderson , who had a two - run homer in the sixth , hit a three - run shot in the sixth to give the White Sox a 7 - 3 lead . Hector Santiago ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in five innings . He struck out five and walked one . Francisco Liriano ( 3 - 2 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out eight . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Jeimer Candelario 's two - run homer , but the White Sox could n't get anything going after that . Tim Anderson , who had four RBIs , hit a two - run homer in the third to make it 3 - 2 , but the White Sox tied it in the bottom of the inning on a two - out RBI double by Jose Abreu . The White Sox tied it in the fifth on a solo homer by Anderson and a solo shot by Abreu , who had four RBIs . The White Sox added a run in the sixth on a double by Abreu and a single by Daniel Palka . Palka hit an RBI single off Artie Lewicki in the bottom of the inning , but Pete Kozma was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second on Pete Kozma 's grounder to shortstop Anderson . The Tigers added an unearned run in the ninth when Pete Kozma hit a grounder to shortstop Anderson , who threw wildly to the plate for an error , allowing Jeimer Candelario to score .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- The Oakland Athletics are finally starting to find a way to win . Kyle Seager hit an RBI double in Oakland 's four - run eighth inning and the A 's beat the Seattle Mariners 4 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The A 's won for the seventh time in eight games and moved within two games of first-place Texas in the AL West . The A 's beat the Mariners 4 - 3 in 10 innings . Jean Segura had three hits for the Mariners , including a leadoff single in the eighth . Blake Treinen struck out pinch-hitter Mike Zunino to end the game with runners on first and second for his 11th save in 12 chances . Hernandez ( 5 - 4 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out two . The Mariners have lost four straight and six of seven . Hernandez ( 5 - 4 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings , struck out two and walked one . He was replaced by Mark Canha after giving up a leadoff single to Matt Joyce and a single to Marcus Semien . Segura scored when Nelson Cruz grounded into a double play . The A 's tied it in the bottom of the first on a sacrifice fly by Jed Lowrie and a two - run double by Piscotty . David Freitas drove in Seattle 's first run with a single in the second . Andrew Romine walked with two outs in the second and stole second and scored on David Freitas 's single . The Mariners got two runs back in the second on an RBI single by David Freitas .
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting all season long enough to keep their winning streak alive . Michael Taylor hit an RBI double in the bottom of the ninth inning , and the Nationals beat the San Diego Padres 2 - 1 Sunday to avoid a three - game sweep . The Nationals won for the seventh time in eight games and moved within one game of .500 for the first time since April 7 . The Nationals , who have won six of their last seven games , moved two games ahead of San Diego in the NL East . Juan Soto led off the ninth with a walk against Matt Strahm ( 0 - 2 ) and moved to second on Wilmer Difo 's groundout . Taylor then lined a 3 - 2 pitch into the gap in left-center to score Soto . Sean Doolittle ( 2 - 2 ) struck out the side in the ninth for the win . San Diego starter Eric Lauer gave up one run and six hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked two . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Franchy Cordero led off with his first homer of the season . Franmil Reyes followed with a single , but Hellickson got Cory Spangenberg to ground into a double play . The Nationals tied it in the bottom of the inning on Harper 's second homer of the season , a solo shot that tied it at 1 . The Padres tied it in the sixth on Jose Pirela 's one - out double , but Wander Suero came in and struck out Franchy Cordero and then got Franmil Reyes on a called third strike . The Padres had runners on second and third with one out in the sixth , but Wander Suero replaced Hellickson and struck out Franchy Cordero and Franmil Reyes . Hellickson allowed one run and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one .
TORONTO -- Dustin Fowler is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Fowler homered and drove in two runs to lead the Oakland Athletics to a 3 - 1 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Friday night . Fowler , who had a two - run homer in Tuesday 's 11 - 4 win , went 2 - for - 3 with a walk and two RBIs . Fowler opened the scoring with a leadoff homer to left in the third , his second of the season and second in two games . The Blue Jays tied it in the fifth when Luke Maile doubled and scored on a two - out single by Gio Urshela . Danny Coulombe ( 1 - 1 ) worked 1 1/3 innings for the win . Danny Coulombe ( 1 - 1 ) worked 1 1/3 innings for the win . Marco Estrada ( 2 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked none and struck out six . The A 's made it 3 - 1 in the seventh when Chad Pinder hit a two - out double and scored on Dustin Fowler 's double . Phegley followed with an RBI double off Danny Barnes . The Blue Jays cut it to 3 - 1 in the eighth when Justin Smoak drew a two - out walk and Yangervis Solarte followed with a single off Yusmeiro Petit . Blake Treinen came on and struck out Kevin Pillar for his ninth save in 12 chances . Danny Coulombe ( 1 - 1 ) worked 1 1/3 innings for the win . The Blue Jays threatened in the eighth when Justin Smoak drew a two - out walk and Yangervis Solarte followed with a single . Blake Treinen came on and struck out Kevin Pillar for his ninth save in 12 chances . The Blue Jays have lost five of six .
SAN DIEGO -- Gerardo Parra is making a strong case to stay in the big leagues . Parra hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs to lead the Colorado Rockies to a 6 - 4 win over the San Diego Padres on Friday night . Gerardo Parra hit a three - run homer in the sixth inning and Tyler Anderson ( 3 - 1 ) pitched into the sixth inning to help the Rockies snap a three - game losing streak . Gerardo Parra hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs for the NL West leaders , who have won four of five . Gerardo Parra hit a three - run homer in the sixth to give Colorado a 6 - 3 lead . Anderson ( 3 - 1 ) allowed four runs , three earned , and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out three and walked one . Wade Davis pitched the ninth for his 15th save in 18 chances . Kazuhisa Makita ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Nolan Arenado 's two - out RBI single . The Padres tied it in the bottom of the inning . Freddy Galvis led off with a double and moved to third on a groundout by A. J. Ellis . Galvis advanced to third on a groundout by A. J. Ellis and scored on Margot 's single to right . Castro tied it with a leadoff homer in the fifth , his fourth . Pinch-hitter Matt Szczur doubled to left leading off the fifth and scored on Hosmer 's one - out double to right . San Diego cut the lead to 6 - 4 in the sixth on a two - out RBI single by A. J. Ellis .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Giants finally found a way to win . Brandon Belt homered among his three hits and drove in three runs , and the San Francisco Giants beat the Cincinnati Reds 10 - 7 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight victory . The Giants won for the fourth time in five games following a five - game losing streak . The Giants won for the fourth time in five games and improved to 5 - 0 against the Reds this season . Chris Stratton ( 4 - 3 ) allowed four runs and nine hits in five innings to win his third straight start . He struck out one and walked two . Adam Duvall hit a three - run homer off Jose Valdez in the ninth for the Reds . Sal Romano ( 2 - 4 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 2 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . The Giants scored three runs in the first on Evan Longoria 's RBI single and Crawford 's two - run double . The Giants added a run in the second when Gregor Blanco singled and scored on McCutchen 's double . Belt led off the third with a single and scored on Tomlinson 's two - run single . Tucker Barnhart hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Schebler led off the sixth with his second home run of the season , but the Reds could n't get anything going against San Francisco 's bullpen . The Giants scored three runs in the sixth off Dylan Floro and two more in the inning .
DETROIT -- Niko Goodrum was n't going to let the game get away from him . Goodrum homered twice and drove in five runs , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Cleveland Indians 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . It was Goodrum 's second career two - homer game , and the first by a rookie in his career . Goodrum 's second homer of the game , a three - run shot off Zach McAllister in the eighth , gave the Tigers a 6 - 2 lead . Fiers ( 4 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked one . Carlos Carrasco ( 5 - 2 ) gave up three runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out four . Jose Ramirez hit a solo homer in the first for Cleveland , which has lost four of five . Jose Iglesias and Dixon Machado singled to start the bottom of the third , and Iglesias scored on Pete Kozma 's groundout . Goodrum 's second homer of the game put Cleveland ahead 3 - 1 in the fourth . Warwick Saupold walked Jason Kipnis and Greg Allen singled with two outs in the seventh , but Saupold got out of the jam by striking out Brandon Guyer . The Indians got an unearned run off Joe Jimenez in the eighth . Ramirez reached on a two - out error by second baseman Dixon Machado and scored on Edwin Encarnacion 's double . The Indians added a run in the ninth on Francisco Lindor 's RBI single .
MIAMI -- Sean Newcomb was n't going to let the game get away from him . Newcomb allowed one hit in six shutout innings , and the Atlanta Braves held on for a 4 - 3 victory over the Miami Marlins on Friday night . Newcomb ( 4 - 1 ) struck out six and walked four , lowering his ERA to 2.51 . Arodys Vizcaino gave up a three - run homer to pinch hitter Justin Bour with one out in the ninth before getting Derek Dietrich to ground out for his seventh save in nine chances . The Marlins , who rank last in the majors in runs , have scored only one run in the first two games of the series . Jose Urena ( 0 - 6 ) gave up three runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Freddie Freeman singled and scored on a single by Markakis , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Acuna doubled to lead off the sixth and scored on a two - out single by pinch-hitter Preston Tucker to make it 4 - 0 . The Braves added a run in the ninth off Elieser Hernandez . Ender Inciarte and Kurt Suzuki singled to start the inning , and Suzuki scored on Tucker 's single to center . The Braves , who have the worst record in the majors , won for only the second time in their past 10 games . The Marlins went 1 for 9 with runners in scoring position .
LOS ANGELES -- The Cincinnati Reds are on their longest winning streak of the season . Luis Castillo pitched six strong innings , Yasiel Puig homered in the seventh , and the Reds beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 5 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Reds won for the fourth time in five games and improved to a major league-best 18 - 8 on the road . Castillo ( 3 - 4 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in six innings . He struck out eight and walked none . Raisel Iglesias pitched a perfect ninth for his seventh save in nine chances . Rich Hill ( 1 - 2 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out four and walked four . The Reds extended their lead to 5 - 1 in the sixth on Votto 's two - run homer off Pat Venditte , who was making his major league debut . Yasmani Grandal led off the seventh with a homer for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Suarez hit a two - run homer in the third to give the Reds a 2 - 0 lead . The Reds extended their lead to 3 - 1 in the fourth on consecutive one - out singles by Billy Hamilton and Jose Peraza and a sacrifice bunt by Alex Blandino . Yasiel Puig led off the bottom of the third with a homer to left field , extending the Dodgers ' lead to 5 - 1 . Votto hit a two - run homer off Pat Venditte in the sixth , making it 5 - 1 .
DETROIT -- The Seattle Mariners had a lot to do with it . Ryon Healy hit a three - run homer and Kyle Seager added a two - run double to lead the Mariners to a 9 - 5 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . The Mariners have won four of their last five games . Felix Hernandez ( 5 - 3 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked two . Michael Fulmer ( 1 - 3 ) gave up six runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked three . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Mitch Haniger singled with one out and scored on a two - out single by Nelson Cruz . The Tigers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second . JaCoby Jones singled with one out and scored on Pete Kozma 's double . Dixon Machado followed with an RBI single , but Hernandez struck out Jeimer Candelario and retired Victor Reyes on a called third strike to end the inning . Ryon Healy put the Mariners ahead 3 - 2 with a two - run homer in the fourth . Cano 's homer made it 6 - 2 in the fifth . Andrew Romine and Gordon walked to start the inning , and Cano 's homer made it 6 - 2 . The Tigers closed to 6 - 5 in the bottom of the inning on Hicks ' two - run homer and Pete Kozma 's RBI single . The Mariners added three runs in the seventh off Daniel Stumpf . Robinson Cano and Nelson Cruz led off with singles and Kyle Seager hit a two - run double . Ryon Healy added a run-scoring double off Louis Coleman , making it 9 - 5 .
DENVER -- The Milwaukee Brewers finally found a way to win . Travis Shaw hit an RBI single in the 10th inning , and the Brewers rallied from a three - run deficit to beat the Colorado Rockies 11 - 10 on Tuesday night . The Brewers have won four of their last five games . Manny Pina hit a two - run homer off Rockies closer Wade Davis in the ninth to make it 10 - 10 , but Orlando Arcia grounded out to end the game . Lorenzo Cain singled with one out in the 10th off Jake McGee ( 0 - 2 ) and moved to second on Tyler Saladino 's pinch-hit single . Shaw then lined a single to right to score Cain . Carlos Gonzalez homered for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Josh Hader struck out two in a perfect 10th for his sixth save . Jeremy Jeffress ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Chris Iannetta and Chris Iannetta homered for the Rockies , who have lost four straight and six of seven . Rockies starter Chad Bettis gave up seven runs and 10 hits in five innings . He struck out three , walked three and hit a batter . The Brewers scored three times in the sixth to tie it at 9 . Manny Pina and Orlando Arcia singled in a run off Taylor Williams to make it 9 - 6 . Orlando Arcia singled in a run , and Christian Yelich drove in a run with a groundout to make it 9 - 8 . Gonzalez hit a solo homer off Taylor Williams in the sixth to make it 10 - 10 . The Rockies scored three times in the third to take a 4 - 3 lead . Charlie Blackmon hit an RBI triple and scored on Arenado 's single , and Trevor Story added a sacrifice fly .
SAN DIEGO -- Jeremy Hellickson is making the most of his opportunity . Hellickson pitched 6 2/3 scoreless innings for his first win of the season and the Washington Nationals beat the San Diego Padres 4 - 0 on Wednesday night . Hellickson ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two hits and struck out eight without issuing a walk . Wander Suero , making his major league debut , pitched a scoreless ninth for the Nationals . Clayton Richard ( 1 - 5 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in eight innings , struck out eight and walked none . The Padres have been shut out in three of their last four games . Howie Kendrick singled leading off the fifth and scored on Matt Adams ' double . Severino followed with an RBI single to right . The Nationals added a run in the seventh on a double by Pedro Severino and an RBI double by Jeremy Hellickson . The Padres loaded the bases with no outs in the seventh against Adam Cimber on a single by Ryan Zimmerman , a single by Howie Kendrick and a walk to Adams . Ryan Madson came on and struck out Pedro Severino . Pinch-hitter Andrew Stevenson 's sacrifice fly made it 4 - 0 . Ryan Madson came on and got Jose Pirela to ground out with the bases loaded to end the seventh . The Padres were shut out for the third time this season .
ARLINGTON , Detroit -- The Detroit Tigers finally found a way to win . Jeimer Candelario homered and Nick Castellanos had a tiebreaking RBI single in the ninth inning , leading the Tigers to a 7 - 4 victory over the Texas Rangers on Tuesday night . The Tigers , who have won six of their last seven games , have won six of their last seven games . Mike Fiers ( 3 - 2 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Shane Greene got the final four outs for his seventh save in nine chances . Mike Minor ( 3 - 2 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out four without a walk . The Tigers led 3 - 0 after Candelario 's homer and Victor Martinez 's two - run shot in the first . Iglesias made it 5 - 0 in the second with his first homer of the season , a two - run shot that made it 5 - 0 . Jurickson Profar had a leadoff homer in the fifth for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . The Rangers got within 5 - 2 in the bottom of the inning when Delino DeShields led off with a single and scored on Shin-Soo Choo 's double . Adrian Beltre 's RBI single made it 6 - 4 , but Blaine Hardy struck out Joey Gallo and got Jurickson Profar to ground out to end the inning . The Tigers added a run in the ninth when Jose Iglesias walked , Dixon Machado singled off Kevin Jepsen and scored on a groundout by Castellanos .
CHICAGO -- Eddie Rosario is making a strong case to stay in the big leagues . Rosario homered and drove in five runs , and the Minnesota Twins beat the Chicago White Sox 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Rosario has been one of the most consistent hitters in the majors this season , going 3 - for - 5 with a homer and five RBIs . The Twins took two of three from the White Sox . Lance Lynn ( 1 - 3 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in six innings , striking out seven without a walk . Hector Santiago ( 0 - 1 ) gave up eight runs and six hits in 3 1/3 innings . He walked six and struck out two . The Twins scored three runs in the first on RBI hits by Escobar and Eddie Rosario and a run-scoring single by Mitch Garver . The Twins added three runs in the third on a two - run homer by Rosario and an RBI double by Ehire Adrianza . Rosario hit a two - out , two - run double off Chris Volstad in the fourth to make it 8 - 1 . Anderson led off the bottom of the fifth with a double and scored on Leury Garcia 's double-play grounder . Anderson homered off Matt Magill in the seventh to make it 8 - 3 . It was his first career two - homer game . Tim Anderson hit two home runs for Chicago , including a solo shot in the ninth .
NEW YORK -- The New York Yankees finally found a way to win . Miguel Andujar 's two - out RBI single in the ninth inning lifted the Yankees to a 7 - 6 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . The Yankees won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . Aroldis Chapman ( 1 - 0 ) got the win despite allowing a tying run in the top of the ninth on a wild pitch that allowed Yan Gomes to score from third . Alexi Ogando ( 0 - 1 ) gave up a leadoff double to Giancarlo Stanton and a two - out walk to Neil Walker before Andujar lined a 1 - 2 pitch over the head of right fielder Aaron Hicks to end the game . Jose Ramirez tied it with a two - run homer off David Robertson in the eighth , but Jose Ramirez tied it with a two - run homer off David Robertson in the bottom half . Neil Walker drew a one - out walk in the eighth off Alexi Ogando ( 0 - 1 ) and went to second on Gleyber Torres ' two - out single . Chapman then threw a wild pitch that allowed Yan Gomes to score the tying run , and Chapman threw a wild pitch that allowed Yan Gomes to score the tying run . Chapman then struck out Jason Kipnis to earn his seventh save in nine chances . Torres hit a three - run homer in the fourth off Josh Tomlin , and Judge added a solo shot for a 4 - 0 lead . Gary Sanchez hit a leadoff homer in the fifth off Josh Tomlin , who allowed five runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in seven innings . Sabathia struck out seven and walked none in six shutout innings . He was lifted for a pinch hitter in the sixth after throwing 92 pitches . Sabathia allowed three hits and struck out seven .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) -- Yoan Moncada had no idea what he saw . Moncada hit a tying single with one out in the ninth inning to give the St. Louis Cardinals a 3 - 2 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Wednesday night . The Cardinals won for the 10th time in 12 games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . Matt Carpenter led off the bottom of the ninth with a tying homer off Joakim Soria ( 0 - 1 ) . Soria ( 0 - 1 ) struck out Jose Martinez and gave up a double to Marcell Ozuna . Molina then lined a single to left to score Ozuna . Bud Norris ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . The White Sox have lost four of five . Tommy Pham led off the bottom of the first with a homer for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Yoan Moncada had a two - run double in the fourth for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Matt Carpenter hit a leadoff double in the seventh and scored on a wild pitch by White Sox reliever Bruce Rondon . Shields allowed two hits in six innings , struck out four and walked none . White Sox starter James Shields gave up two runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out four and walked none . Michael Wacha gave up two runs and five hits in five innings .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting all season to celebrate . Max Kepler walked with the bases loaded in the 13th inning to force in the go-ahead run and the Twins beat the Chicago White Sox 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . The Twins won for the fourth time in five games and moved two games over .500 for the first time this season . Twins closer Fernando Rodney walked Daniel Palka with the bases loaded in the ninth to force in the tying run , then struck out Yoan Moncada to end the game . Logan Morrison hit a two - out double in the 13th and scored on a wild pitch by Hector Santiago ( 2 - 3 ) . Alan Busenitz ( 2 - 0 ) got the win with 1 2/3 innings of scoreless relief . The White Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the ninth against Twins closer Fernando Rodney , but Rodney struck out pinch-hitter Omar Narvaez and got Charlie Tilson to ground out to end the game . Logan Morrison hit a leadoff homer in the seventh for the Twins . White Sox starter Lucas Giolito allowed one run and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked four and struck out three . The White Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth on a double by Yoan Moncada , an intentional walk to Jose Abreu and a two - out intentional walk to Jose Abreu . But Odorizzi got Kevan Smith to fly out to right to end the inning . The White Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth on a double by Yoan Moncada , an intentional walk to Jose Abreu and a walk to Jose Abreu . Odorizzi escaped the jam by getting Kevan Smith to fly out to center . Morrison led off the seventh with his 18th homer , and the Twins loaded the bases before Luis Avilan got Robbie Grossman to line into a double play to end the threat .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Brandon Crawford is making a strong case to stay in the majors . Crawford hit a game-ending homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the San Francisco Giants a 1 - 0 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Friday night . The Giants , who have the best record in the majors , have won seven of their last 10 games . Crawford hit a 1 - 1 pitch from Harrison Musgrave ( 0 - 3 ) over the wall in left-center for his seventh home run of the season and second game-ending homer of the season . Crawford has hit four home runs in his last four games after hitting just one in his first 33 games . Reyes Moronta ( 4 - 1 ) retired the only two batters he faced in the ninth for the win . Harrison Musgrave ( 0 - 3 ) took the loss . Colorado 's Kyle Freeland gave up four hits in seven scoreless innings , struck out four and walked one . The Giants loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth , but Bumgarner struck out Kyle Freeland to end the threat . Bumgarner struck out eight and walked two in seven shutout innings . The Giants loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth on a walk to Chris Iannetta and a walk to Chris Iannetta before Bumgarner walked Noel to load the bases . Bumgarner then struck out Kyle Freeland to end the threat . The Giants have won seven of their last 10 games .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Nathan Eovaldi was n't going to let the game get away . Eovaldi struck out nine in six shutout innings , and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Washington Nationals 1 - 0 on Wednesday night . Eovaldi ( 2 - 3 ) allowed one hit and two walks to win for the first time in six starts since beating the New York Mets on June 26 . The right-hander , who had n't won since beating the New York Mets on June 27 , was 0 - 2 with a 2.04 ERA in his previous four starts . Chaz Roe got the last two outs of the ninth , and Sergio Romo got the last two outs for his sixth save in nine opportunities . Max Scherzer ( 10 - 4 ) gave up one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Nationals , who have lost six of their last seven games , have lost five of their last six . Scherzer ( 10 - 4 ) gave up one run and four hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Kevin Kiermaier led off with a single , took third on Matt Duffy 's single and scored when Jake Bauers grounded into a fielder 's choice . The Nationals loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth , but failed to score when Daniel Murphy grounded out to end the inning . The Nationals , who have lost five of six , were shut out for the third time this season . Eovaldi walked Bryce Harper and Juan Soto with two outs in the fourth , then retired Daniel Murphy on a grounder to end the inning . The Rays loaded the bases with no outs in the seventh , but failed to score when Adeiny Hechavarria struck out and Kevin Kiermaier fouled out .
DENVER -- The Miami Marlins had a lot to do with it . Wade Davis pitched a perfect ninth to complete a six - hitter , and the Marlins beat the Colorado Rockies 8 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Marlins won for the 10th time in 12 games and improved to 5 - 0 at Coors Field this season . Drew Rucinski ( 2 - 1 ) picked up the win in relief , allowing three runs and five hits in 2 2/3 innings . Kyle Barraclough pitched the ninth for his seventh save in nine chances . German Marquez ( 5 - 8 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings . He struck out six and walked three . The Marlins took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on RBI doubles by Derek Dietrich and T. J. T. Realmuto and Justin Bour 's two - run single . Nolan Arenado hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the first to make it 3 - 2 . Dietrich led off the second with a homer to left , his ninth of the season . The Rockies tied it in the bottom of the third on Story 's two - out , two - run single off Drew Rucinski ( 2 - 1 ) , who allowed three runs and five hits in 2 2/3 innings . The Marlins took a 6 - 4 lead in the fourth when J. T. Realmuto reached on catcher 's interference and scored on Riddle 's one - out double . Castro scored on Cameron Maybin 's groundout to make it 6 - 4 . Adam Ottavino relieved McGee and got Brian Anderson to ground into a double play .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Kevin Plawecki was n't sure what to expect . Plawecki hit a tiebreaking , two - run homer in the 11th inning and the Los Angeles Dodgers held on to beat the New York Mets 8 - 7 on Wednesday night . Plawecki hit a tying , three - run homer in the eighth off Erik Goeddel , who was making his major league debut . Justin Turner and Joc Pederson also homered for the Dodgers , who won for the fourth time in five games . Daniel Hudson ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Asdrubal Cabrera hit a two - run homer for the Mets , who lost for the fourth time in five games . New York lost for the eighth time in nine games . Plawecki 's homer off Erik Goeddel in the eighth made it 7-all . Pederson 's homer off Chris Beck in the seventh gave the Dodgers a 5 - 4 lead . Nimmo was hit by a pitch from Rich Hill leading off the bottom of the inning and scored on Cabrera 's two - run homer . Hernandez and Muncy hit back-to-back homers in the first off Jerry Blevins . The Mets cut it to 2 - 1 in the second when Dominic Smith was hit by a pitch with one out and scored on Kevin Plawecki 's double . Nimmo was hit by a pitch leading off the third and scored on Flores ' double .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Wilmer Font 's first win of the season was a memorable one . Font won for the first time in more than a year and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the New York Yankees 4 - 0 on Wednesday night . Font ( 1 - 3 ) allowed three hits over 5 2/3 scoreless innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Yankees threatened in the sixth when Aaron Judge drew a two - out walk off Jonny Venters , and Didi Gregorius singled off Jonny Venters to load the bases . Stanek then struck out Giancarlo Stanton to end the inning . Adames homered off Sonny Gray ( 5 - 5 ) with two outs in the seventh to make it 4 - 0 . The Yankees have lost five of six . Gray ( 5 - 5 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Kevin Kiermaier led off with a single and scored on a one - out double by Jake Bauers . The Rays took a 3 - 0 lead in the second . C. J. Cron led off with a double and scored on Daniel Robertson 's double . Robertson scored on Adames ' single to center . Adames added a solo shot in the seventh off Gray , who allowed four runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . The Yankees loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth , but failed to score when Ryne Stanek struck out Giancarlo Stanton . Sergio Romo pitched a perfect ninth for Tampa Bay .
CHICAGO -- Franklin Barreto has a knack for hitting home runs . Barreto homered twice and drove in six runs to lead the Oakland Athletics to an 11 - 2 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Friday night . Barreto has been one of the few bright spots for the first two months of the season . He had a career-high six RBIs in his previous start at Kansas City . Barreto had a three - run homer in Oakland 's four - run second inning off James Shields ( 2 - 9 ) , who was making his second start since coming off the disabled list with a right shoulder strain . Mark Canha started the eighth with a single off White Sox reliever Luis Avilan and went to second on Jonathan Lucroy 's one - out single . Barreto then hit a 1 - 2 pitch into the left-field seats to make it 11 - 1 . Sean Manaea ( 7 - 6 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings , striking out seven without a walk . James Shields ( 2 - 9 ) gave up eight runs -- two earned -- and five hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked two . Matt Olson reached on second baseman Yoan Moncada 's fielding error with one out in the second , Mark Canha walked and Stephen Piscotty singled to load the bases . Jonathan Lucroy hit a sacrifice fly and Barreto followed with a three - run homer to make it 4 - 0 . The A 's made it 8 - 0 in the fifth on RBI singles by Jed Lowrie and Khris Davis and a throwing error by second baseman Yoan Moncada . Avisail Garcia led off the sixth with a single and scored on Kevan Smith 's double to make it 8 - 1 . Barreto made it 11 - 1 in the eighth with a three - run homer off Luis Avilan . Yolmer Sanchez added an RBI double in the ninth off Josh Lucas .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Clayton Richard was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Richard pitched six strong innings to win his fourth straight start and the San Diego Padres beat the San Francisco Giants 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Richard ( 7 - 6 ) allowed two runs and three hits , struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time in six starts this season . The Padres broke a 1-all tie in the sixth when Cory Spangenberg scored on a wild pitch by Chris Stratton ( 8 - 5 ) and Manuel Margot followed with an RBI single to put San Diego ahead 3 - 1 . Jose Castillo got the final out of the seventh , Jose Castillo got the last out of the inning and Craig Stammen finished the five - hitter . Eric Hosmer hit a two - run single and Jose Pirela added an RBI single in the ninth for the Padres . Chris Stratton ( 8 - 5 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and nine hits in six innings . He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Gorkys Hernandez led off with a double and scored on Richard 's wild pitch . The Padres tied it in the second when Cory Spangenberg doubled and scored on Margot 's double . The Padres took a 3 - 1 lead in the sixth . Cory Spangenberg singled with one out and Freddy Galvis singled to put runners on the corners with one out . Hundley 's wild pitch bounced away from catcher Raffy Lopez , allowing Spangenberg to score and Galvis to advance to third . Manuel Margot followed with an RBI single to put San Diego ahead 3 - 1 . The Giants have lost five of their last six games . Adam Cimber came on and struck out pinch-hitter Brandon Belt before walking Mac Williamson to load the bases with two outs in the seventh . Craig Stammen came in and gave up an RBI single to Pablo Sandoval .
NEW YORK -- Domingo German did n't have his best stuff . German pitched two - hit ball for seven innings and the New York Yankees beat the Seattle Mariners 7 - 2 Friday night for their fifth straight victory . German ( 2 - 4 ) struck out nine , walked none and allowed two runs -- one earned -- and two hits . He did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Aaron Hicks hit a tying homer in the first inning , and Giancarlo Stanton also went deep for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Andujar 's two - run shot in the fifth off Marco Gonzales ( 7 - 4 ) put New York ahead 3 - 1 . Hicks added a two - run shot off Nick Rumbelow in the bottom half . Aaron Judge added an RBI single in the seventh for New York , which has won four of its last five games . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Dee Gordon led off with a double and scored on Mitch Haniger 's fielder 's choice . Stanton tied it in the bottom half with a drive that landed in the first row of seats in right field . It was his second homer in two games . Dee Gordon led off the game with a double and scored on Mitch Haniger 's fielder 's choice . Andujar 's two - run shot in the fifth was his first home run since June 12 . Cruz hit a solo shot in the seventh , his ninth of the season and second in two days . Judge 's RBI single made it 6 - 2 in the seventh .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- Jesus Aguilar is making the most of his opportunity . Aguilar hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs to lead the Milwaukee Brewers to a 3 - 2 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Aguilar 's homer in the first inning off Jameson Taillon ( 4 - 6 ) was his fourth of the season and second in two days . He hit a 3 - 2 pitch into the seats in right field to give the Brewers a 2 - 0 lead . It was his first home run since June 30 , when he hit a two - run shot in the 10th inning of a 5 - 4 win over the New York Mets . Aguilar is hitting .298 with four home runs and 10 RBIs in his past 10 games . Peralta ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two hits in six shutout innings , striking out seven and walking none . Corey Knebel worked the ninth for his seventh save in nine opportunities . Jameson Taillon ( 4 - 6 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Aguilar 's two - run homer in the first inning gave the Brewers a 2 - 0 lead . Lorenzo Cain led off the third with a single and scored on Jesus Aguilar 's one - out double to right . The Pirates cut it to 3 - 1 in the seventh when Josh Bell drew a two - out walk from Dan Jennings and scored on Jordy Mercer 's double . Mercer 's double in the seventh off Dan Jennings cut it to 3 - 1 . Starling Marte hit a two - out homer in the eighth for the Pirates .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros have n't had a winning season so far this season . Alex Bregman hit a two - run double with one out in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the Astros to a 5 - 4 win over the Tampa Bay Rays on Friday night . The Astros won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 5 - 0 for the first time in franchise history . The Rays have lost five of their last six games . Marwin Gonzalez drew a leadoff walk in the ninth before Max Stassi singled off Sergio Romo ( 1 - 2 ) . Collin McHugh ( 2 - 0 ) struck out two in a perfect ninth for the win . Wilson Ramos hit a two - run homer in the first for Tampa Bay , and Joey Wendle added a two - run single in the bottom of the inning . The Rays loaded the bases with one out in the third on a walk to Matt Duffy , a walk to Jake Bauers and consecutive walks to Jake Bauers and Wilson Ramos . Cole struck out C. J. Cron before Wendle lined a two - run single to center field to make it 4 - 0 . Jose Altuve singled with one out in the bottom of the inning and scored on a single by Yuli Gurriel to cut Tampa Bay 's lead to 4 - 3 . Josh Reddick followed with a sacrifice fly off Jose Alvarado to cut the lead to 4 - 2 . Jose Altuve doubled to start the bottom of the sixth and scored on a single by Yuli Gurriel to cut Tampa Bay 's lead to 4 - 3 . Cole allowed three hits and four runs with eight strikeouts in seven innings .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Blaine Hardy is making a strong case to stay in the rotation . Hardy allowed one run in 5 1/3 innings , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Hardy ( 3 - 1 ) allowed one run and six hits , struck out three and walked none . Joe Jimenez struck out the side in the ninth for his second save in three chances . James Shields ( 2 - 8 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked four . Castellanos hit a two - run homer in the first inning to give the Tigers a 2 - 0 lead . Matt Davidson led off the second with a homer for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . The Tigers got a run back in the fourth when Niko Goodrum doubled , took third on James McCann 's groundout and scored on Jose Iglesias ' single to center . Shields ( 2 - 8 ) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . He struck out five and walked four . The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . Chicago 's Yolmer Sanchez singled with one out in the sixth and went to second on Daniel Palka 's two - out single off Louis Coleman . Louis Coleman came on and struck out Adam Engel to end the inning . The White Sox had runners on first and second with two outs in the eighth , but Alex Wilson got Adam Engel to pop out .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels are starting to look comfortable on the road . Chris Young robbed Chris Young of a home run in the top of the ninth inning to end the game , and the Angels beat the Oakland Athletics 8 - 4 on Tuesday night to snap a four - game losing streak . The Angels have won six of their last seven games . Tyler Skaggs ( 6 - 4 ) gave up two unearned runs and seven hits in seven innings , striking out eight and walking one . Chris Bassitt ( 0 - 2 ) gave up six runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in four - plus innings . He walked one and struck out three . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Mike Trout singled with one out and Justin Upton drew a one - out walk before Albert Pujols hit a sharp grounder to the right of the mound that looked like a routine double-play grounder , but shortstop Jose Fernandez threw wildly past first base for an error that allowed Trout and Upton to score . The Angels added two more runs in the third on an RBI single by Jose Briceno and a run-scoring single by Jose Briceno . The Angels added two runs in the fifth on Josh Phegley 's RBI double and Marcus Semien 's RBI double . The A 's made it 8 - 3 in the eighth against Cam Bedrosian . Chad Pinder walked with one out and went to third on Jed Lowrie 's double . Pinder scored on a passed ball by Briceno to make it 8 - 3 , but Bedrosian struck out Khris Davis and Matt Olson to end the threat . The A 's added a run in the ninth against Justin Anderson on a single by Stephen Piscotty and a walk to Marcus Semien . Piscotty scored on a wild pitch to make it 8 - 4 .
MIAMI -- Trevor Richards was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Richards pitched six innings , and the Miami Marlins beat the San Francisco Giants 3 - 1 on Friday night . Richards ( 1 - 3 ) allowed one run and two hits . He walked three and struck out two . The Marlins scored three runs in the third off Chris Stratton ( 7 - 4 ) , including a two - run double by JT Riddle . Kyle Barraclough pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save in six chances . Chris Stratton ( 7 - 4 ) allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings . He struck out three , walked three and hit a batter . The Giants have lost five of their past six games . Derek Dietrich led off the third with a single and Brian Anderson was hit by a pitch . After J. T. Realmuto lined out , Stratton walked Justin Bour to load the bases . Brandon Crawford followed with an RBI groundout to make it 3 - 1 . The Marlins loaded the bases with two outs in the second , but Richards struck out Trevor Richards to end the inning . The Giants , who have the worst record in the majors , lost for the fourth time in five games . The Marlins loaded the bases with two outs in the second , but Richards struck out Richards .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- The Boston Red Sox are making a habit of coming out of the cellar in the AL East . Rafael Devers and Rafael Devers homered in the ninth inning , and the Red Sox beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 4 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . The Red Sox won for the fourth time in five games and moved two games over .500 for the first time this season . Eduardo Rodriguez ( 8 - 1 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings to improve to 5 - 0 in his last seven starts . Craig Kimbrel gave up two runs in the ninth before striking out Pedro Alvarez to end the game . David Hess ( 2 - 3 ) gave up five runs , five hits and four walks in 3 1/3 innings . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning when Joey Rickard hit his eighth homer of the season and second in two games . Boston went up 2 - 1 in the second when Xander Bogaerts drew a leadoff walk and Devers drove a 2 - 1 pitch into the left-field seats . Benintendi made it 3 - 1 in the third with his fourth home run . The Red Sox made it 4 - 2 in the fourth when Holt singled , took second on a single by Vazquez and scored on a bases-loaded walk to Andrew Benintendi . The Red Sox made it 6 - 2 in the fifth on a single by Xander Bogaerts , a wild pitch and an RBI single by Vazquez . The Orioles loaded the bases with one out in the seventh , but Hector Velazquez struck out Trey Mancini and got Jonathan Schoop to ground into a force play .
PHOENIX -- The Arizona Diamondbacks ' offense has been a problem for the Diamondbacks . Jake Lamb hit a three - run homer in Arizona 's four - run eighth inning , and the Diamondbacks rallied to beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 9 - 5 on Wednesday night . The Diamondbacks won for the fifth time in six games . Jake Lamb hit a three - run homer in Arizona 's five - run seventh inning , and Daniel Descalso added a two - run triple in the Diamondbacks ' four - run seventh inning . Ketel Marte led off the eighth with a single off Kyle Crick ( 0 - 1 ) and Chris Owings walked . Marte scored on a wild pitch , and Descalso scored on a wild pitch by Dovydas Neverauskas . Archie Bradley ( 2 - 1 ) pitched the eighth for the win . Pirates starter Joe Musgrove gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in six innings . He struck out six , walked none and hit a batter with a pitch . He hit Chris Owings with a pitch to start the game , then gave up an RBI single to Nick Ahmed to make it 5 - 1 . Braden Shipley came on and got Jordy Mercer to line into a double play to end the threat . The Pirates scored three times in the fifth off Diamondbacks starter Patrick Corbin . Starling Marte doubled with two outs and scored on Freese 's single . The Pirates added two runs in the fifth on Meadows ' double and Marte 's two - run single . Corbin allowed five runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- James Paxton was n't going to let a one - run lead slip away . The right-hander struck out 10 in seven strong innings , and the Seattle Mariners beat the Tampa Bay Rays 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Paxton ( 6 - 1 ) allowed three runs and five hits , improving to 5 - 0 in his last seven starts . Kyle Seager hit a two - run homer off Jose Alvarado ( 0 - 3 ) in the seventh to give Seattle a 5 - 3 lead . Joey Wendle singled off James Pazos with one out in the eighth and C. J. Cron walked before Alex Colome came in and gave up an RBI single to Wilson Ramos . Edwin Diaz pitched the ninth for his 23rd save in 26 opportunities . The Rays have lost five of their last six games . Nelson Cruz put the Mariners up 1 - 0 on a second-inning homer . The Rays tied it at 1 in the bottom of the third when Johnny Field led off with a double , moved to third on Rob Refsnyder 's fly ball and scored on Mallex Smith 's grounder . Cron led off the fourth with his fourth homer of the season and Jake Bauers added an RBI double for a 3 - 1 lead . Ben Gamel singled off Eovaldi to start the sixth and scored on Zunino 's two - run homer . Joey Wendle singled off James Pazos with one out in the eighth and scored on Wilson Ramos ' single off Alex Colome .
DETROIT -- Corey Kluber had a simple explanation for his success . Kluber allowed two runs in eight innings , and the Cleveland Indians beat the Detroit Tigers 9 - 2 on Tuesday night . Melky Cabrera drove in three runs and Francisco Lindor had three hits for the Indians , who have won four of five . Kluber ( 10 - 2 ) allowed two runs and five hits with eight strikeouts and no walks . The Tigers have lost four of five . Artie Lewicki ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Indians took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Alonso 's RBI double and Melky Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . John Hicks led off the bottom of the third with a single , but Jose Iglesias flied out to center and JaCoby Jones was thrown out at the plate trying to score on JaCoby Jones ' double . Jones advanced to third on Lonnie Chisenhall 's single and scored on Melky Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . The Indians added three runs in the sixth . Lonnie Chisenhall singled , took second on a double by Melky Cabrera and scored on a sacrifice fly by Melky Cabrera . Leonys Martin hit a solo homer in the sixth to make it 6 - 2 . The Indians made it 9 - 2 in the eighth on Melky Cabrera 's RBI single and Yan Gomes ' two - run homer off Zac Reininger , but Jose Ramirez grounded out with the bases loaded to end the inning .
WASHINGTON -- Brandon Crawford is making a strong case to stay in the big leagues . Crawford had four hits , including a home run , and drove in two runs to lead the San Francisco Giants to a 2 - 0 victory over the Washington Nationals on Friday night . Crawford hit a two - run homer off Max Scherzer ( 10 - 2 ) in the fourth inning to give the Giants a 2 - 0 lead . It was Crawford 's second four - hit game of the season . It was Crawford 's second four - hit game of the season . Derek Holland ( 4 - 6 ) allowed three hits over five scoreless innings , striking out four and walking two . Hunter Strickland worked the ninth for his 13th save in 14 chances . Max Scherzer ( 10 - 2 ) gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out nine . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth when Pablo Sandoval drew a leadoff walk and Crawford followed with his 16th home run . Scherzer struck out nine , walked three and hit a batter . The Nationals , who have lost four of five , were shut out for the fourth time this season . Holland retired the first 11 batters he faced before Michael Taylor singled with one out in the fifth . Scherzer stole third and scored on a groundout by Scherzer . The Nationals had runners on first and second with two outs in the fifth , but Juan Soto was thrown out trying to steal second to end the inning .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Alen Hanson has been on a roll since coming off the disabled list . Hanson hit a two - out , two - run homer in the 10th inning to lift the San Francisco Giants to a 5 - 4 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday night . Pinch-hitter Alen Hanson hit a tying two - run homer off Brad Boxberger in the bottom of the ninth to give San Francisco a 4 - 2 lead . Hunter Strickland ( 3 - 2 ) pitched the 10th for the win . The Diamondbacks lost for the fifth time in six games . Pinch-hitter Alen Hanson hit a tying , two - run homer off Brad Boxberger in the ninth to tie it at 4 . Pablo Sandoval hit a solo homer in the first for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Arizona starter Clay Buchholz gave up two runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Giants tied it in the bottom of the third when Joe Panik drew a leadoff walk and scored on McCutchen 's one - out double . Jarrod Dyson led off the fifth with a single and scored on Paul Goldschmidt 's double to put San Francisco ahead 3 - 2 . Goldschmidt doubled off Reyes Moronta in the sixth to drive in Jarrod Dyson .
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Jurickson Profar had a big night for the Texas Rangers . Profar homered twice and drove in five runs , leading the Rangers to an 8 - 2 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . Profar , who had a career-high five RBIs on Friday night , had two homers and five RBIs in the first two games of the series . The AL West-leading Rangers have won five of their last six games , including three in a row . Bartolo Colon ( 3 - 3 ) allowed two runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out one and walked two . Daniel Mengden ( 6 - 5 ) gave up six runs and five hits in four innings . He struck out three and walked three . Jurickson Profar had a two - run homer among his three hits and drove in five runs for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Jurickson Profar had a two - run homer among his three hits , including a solo shot in the third that made it 4 - 0 . Robinson Chirinos drew a one - out walk in the fourth and Guzman followed with his first homer of the season , a two - run shot that made it 6 - 0 . The A 's made it 6 - 2 in the fifth on a two - run single by Jurickson Profar . The Rangers loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh against Liam Hendriks , but Ryan Dull struck out Joey Gallo to end the inning . Profar 's two - run single off Liam Hendriks in the seventh made it 6 - 2 .
WASHINGTON -- Max Scherzer was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Scherzer struck out a season-high 13 in eight innings , and the Washington Nationals beat the Tampa Bay Rays 4 - 2 on Friday night . Scherzer ( 10 - 1 ) allowed two runs and five hits . He walked none and struck out a season-high 13 . The Rays scored twice in the eighth on a single by Matt Duffy , a single by Carlos Gomez and a two - run double by pinch-hitter Brad Miller . Sean Doolittle pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 18 chances . Nathan Eovaldi ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and four hits in five innings . The Rays have lost four straight and six of seven . The Nationals took a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Adams led off with his first home run of the season , and Juan Soto followed with a single . One out later , Difo raced home on Difo 's triple into the right-field corner . Difo scored on Scherzer 's wild pitch to make it 4 - 0 . The Rays did n't get a runner past first base until the seventh , when Matt Duffy and Carlos Gomez led off with singles . Scherzer struck out Mallex Smith , but pinch-hitter Brad Miller lined a two - run double to left . Miller 's hit came on a 2 - 0 count .
NEW YORK -- Alex Cobb is making a strong case to stay in the rotation . Cobb won for the first time in more than a month and the Baltimore Orioles beat the New York Mets 2 - 1 on Wednesday night . Cobb ( 2 - 7 ) gave up one run and two hits in six innings , striking out seven and walking one . Manny Machado had an RBI single and Danny Valencia had a sacrifice fly in the first inning for the Orioles , who won for the seventh time in nine games . Baltimore has won six of its last seven overall . Jose Bautista hit a sacrifice fly in the fifth for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Brad Brach pitched the ninth for his ninth save in 11 chances . Jason Vargas ( 2 - 4 ) gave up two runs and five hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked one . The Orioles took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Machado 's RBI single and Danny Valencia 's sacrifice fly . The Orioles loaded the bases with no outs in the second on a walk to Chris Davis , a double by Kevin Plawecki and a sacrifice bunt by Trey Mancini . Bruce scored on Jose Bautista 's sacrifice fly , but Cobb struck out Amed Rosario to end the inning . The Mets threatened in the eighth when Rosario drew a one - out walk and Brandon Nimmo reached on an error by Valencia at third base . Richard Bleier came in and got pinch-hitter Luis Guillorme to ground into a double play . Trumbo walked with one out in the ninth , but Jonathan Schoop grounded into a double play .
SEATTLE -- The Seattle Mariners have been waiting all season long enough to keep their winning streak alive . Mitch Haniger hit a leadoff homer in the 13th inning and the Mariners rallied to beat the Tampa Bay Rays 4 - 3 on Wednesday night . It was the first game-ending hit of the season for the Mariners , who have won six of their last seven games . The Rays scored a run in the top of the ninth off closer Edwin Diaz , who blew his third save in 20 opportunities . Haniger , who had been 0 for 12 in his career against Andriese , led off the 13th with his second homer of the season . Roenis Elias ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win . The Rays have lost five of their last six games . Cruz doubled with one out in the 10th off Jose Alvarado and was thrown out trying to stretch a double into a double . After Mitch Haniger was intentionally walked , Chaz Roe retired Ryon Healy on a fly ball to end the threat . The Rays tied it in the ninth against Edwin Diaz . Joey Wendle led off with a walk and struck out Wilson Ramos . Wendle advanced to second on a wild pitch and scored on Matt Duffy 's single to right . Daniel Robertson singled to put runners at the corners , but Diaz struck out Brad Miller and got Carlos Gomez to ground out to end the game . Carlos Gomez and Johnny Field hit back-to-back homers in the fifth for Tampa Bay , which has lost four of five . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on consecutive two - out singles by Jean Segura and Kyle Seager and a run-scoring single by Nelson Cruz . The Mariners added a run in the fourth . Ben Gamel hit a leadoff triple and scored on Ryon Healy 's single . Guillermo Heredia doubled and Healy scored on David Freitas 's groundout to make it 3 - 0 . Gomez and Field hit back-to-back homers in the fifth for Tampa Bay .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- Eduardo Escobar was n't sure if he 'd ever hit two home runs . Escobar hit two home runs and drove in four runs to lead the Minnesota Twins to a 7 - 4 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Friday night . Escobar hit a three - run homer in the first inning to give the Twins a 3 - 0 lead . He also had a two - run double in the sixth to help the Twins snap a four - game losing streak . Escobar is hitting .272 with four homers and 11 RBIs in his last 10 games . Jose Berrios ( 6 - 5 ) gave up four runs on five hits with seven strikeouts in six innings for the win . Fernando Rodney pitched a perfect ninth for his 12th save in 15 chances . Carlos Carrasco ( 6 - 4 ) gave up six runs on seven hits and three walks in 3 2/3 innings for the loss . Escobar hit a three - run homer in the first inning to give the Twins a 3 - 0 lead . The Twins added a run in the second when Robbie Grossman walked , took second on a single by Brian Dozier and scored on Eddie Rosario 's single . The Indians cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the third on a run-scoring groundout by Francisco Lindor and a sacrifice fly by Michael Brantley . The Twins made it 6 - 2 in the fourth on LaMarre 's RBI double and an RBI double by Miguel Sano . Encarnacion 's two - run homer cut it to 6 - 4 in the sixth . Escobar homered off Josh Tomlin in the seventh to make it 7 - 4 .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- Javier Baez is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Baez homered and drove in three runs to lead the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 5 - 4 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Friday night . Javier Baez added a two - run homer among his three hits . Francisco Cervelli hit a two - run homer and David Freese had two hits and two RBIs for the Pirates , who have won four of five . Lester ( 12 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out three . Jameson Taillon ( 8 - 8 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings , walking two and striking out two . Felipe Vazquez gave up a run in the ninth but held on for his 24th save in 26 opportunities . Jon Lester ( 12 - 4 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out three . The Pirates scored three runs in the third on a double by David Freese and a two - run homer by Cervelli . The Cubs tied it in the fourth when Ben Zobrist led off with a double , took third on a single by Jason Heyward and scored on Baez 's homer to right . Freese 's double in the fifth drove in Gregory Polanco , who drew a two - out walk . Pinch hitter Tommy La Stella was hit by a pitch to start the seventh , but Addison Russell grounded into a double play . Rizzo was hit by a pitch with two outs and Ben Zobrist walked before Edgar Santana struck out Heyward .
MIAMI -- Jose Urena has been one of the best pitchers in the majors . Urena pitched six innings of one - hit ball to help the Miami Marlins beat the Washington Nationals 5 - 0 on Wednesday night . Urena ( 3 - 10 ) struck out five , walked four and hit a batter . Drew Steckenrider pitched a scoreless ninth in the ninth for Miami , which has won four of its past five games . The Nationals , who have the worst record in the majors , lost for the fourth time in five games . Jeremy Hellickson ( 4 - 2 ) gave up five runs , three earned , in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked none . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Miguel Rojas singled , went to third on a single by Magneuris Sierra and scored on Jose Urena 's single to center . The Marlins went ahead 2 - 0 in the third when Brian Anderson was hit by a pitch to start the inning and scored on a two - out double by Martin Prado . The Marlins scored three runs in the fifth . Brian Anderson and J. T. Realmuto singled , Martin Prado singled home a run , and Miguel Rojas greeted Matt Grace with an RBI double to make it 5 - 0 . Hellickson gave up five runs , three earned , and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked none . The Marlins scored three runs in the fifth . Brian Anderson and J. T. Realmuto singled , Martin Prado singled home a run , and Miguel Rojas greeted Matt Grace with a run-scoring double to make it 5 - 0 . The Nationals went 0 for 9 with runners in scoring position .
HOUSTON -- The Texas Rangers have n't had a winning record since the All-Star break . Jurickson Profar hit an RBI double in a three - run sixth inning and the Rangers beat the Houston Astros 4 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Rangers have won six of their last seven games . Minor ( 7 - 6 ) allowed four hits and two runs with eight strikeouts in six innings to win his third straight start . Keone Kela allowed a run in the ninth before getting George Springer to pop out for his 24th save . Lance McCullers ( 10 - 6 ) struck out a season-high 11 in 5 1/3 innings . He allowed six hits and four runs , three earned , and six hits . The Astros have lost five of their last six games . Tyler White hit his first home run of the season in the second inning to give Houston a 1 - 0 lead . The Rangers tied it in the fifth when Delino DeShields hit a two - out double to right field to score Guzman and put Texas up 1 - 1 . Rougned Odor doubled to start the sixth before a double by George Springer . Alex Bregman followed with a sacrifice fly to cut the lead to 4 - 2 . Alex Bregman hit a sacrifice fly off Alex Claudio in the bottom of the inning to cut the lead to 4 - 2 . Tyler White led off the Houston seventh with a single off Alex Claudio . J. D. Davis doubled to put runners at second and third with no outs , but Martin Maldonado flied out to center and George Springer grounded out to end the inning . Tyler White hit a leadoff single in the seventh inning before a double by J. D. Davis . Alex Bregman hit a sacrifice fly off Alex Claudio to cut the lead to 4 - 2 before George Springer grounded out to end the inning . Tyler White hit a leadoff single in the seventh inning before a double by J. D. Davis . Alex Bregman hit a sacrifice fly off Alex Claudio to cut the lead to 4 - 2 before George Springer grounded out to end the inning . Tyler White hit a leadoff single in the seventh inning before a double by J. D. Davis . Alex Bregman hit a sacrifice fly off Alex Claudio to cut the lead to 4 - 2 before George Springer grounded out to end the inning . Tyler White hit a leadoff single in the seventh inning before a double by J. D. Davis . Alex Bregman hit a sacrifice fly off Alex Claudio to cut the lead to 4 - 2 before George Springer grounded out to end the inning . Tyler White hit a leadoff single in the seventh inning before a double by J. D. Davis . Alex Bregman hit a sacrifice fly off Alex Claudio to cut the lead to 4 - 2 before George Springer grounded out to end the inning . Tyler White hit a leadoff single in the seventh inning before a double by J. D. Davis . Alex Bregman hit a sacrifice fly off Alex Claudio to cut the lead to 4 - 2 , but George Springer grounded out to end the inning . Tyler White hit a leadoff single in the seventh inning before a double by J. D. Davis put runners at second and third with no outs . Martin Maldonado flied out to center and George Springer grounded out to end the inning . Tyler White hit a leadoff single in the seventh inning before a double by J. D. Davis chased Minor ( 7 - 6 ) . Alex Bregman hit a sacrifice fly off Alex Claudio to cut the lead to 4 - 2 , but George Springer grounded out to end the inning . Tyler White hit a leadoff single in the seventh inning before a double by J. D. Davis put runners at second and third with no outs . Martin Maldonado flied out to shallow center field and George Springer grounded out to end the inning . Tyler White hit a leadoff single in the seventh inning before a double by J. D. Davis . Alex Bregman hit a sacrifice fly off Alex Claudio to cut the lead to 4 - 2 , but George Springer grounded out to end the inning . Tyler White hit a leadoff single in the seventh inning before a double by J. D. Davis put runners at second and third with no outs . Martin Maldonado flied out to shallow center and George Springer grounded out to end the inning . Tyler White hit a leadoff single in the seventh inning before a double by J. D. Davis chased Minor ( 7 - 6 ) . Alex Bregman hit a sacrifice fly off Alex Claudio to cut the lead to 4 - 2 , but George Springer grounded out to end the inning . Tyler White hit a leadoff single in the seventh inning before a double by J. D. Davis put runners at second and third with no outs . Martin Maldonado flied out to shallow center field and George Springer grounded out to end the inning . Tyler White hit a leadoff single in the seventh inning before a double by J. D. Davis . Alex Bregman hit a sacrifice fly off Alex Claudio to cut the lead to 4 - 2 , but George Springer grounded out to end the inning . Tyler White hit a leadoff single in the seventh inning before a double by J. D. Davis put runners at second and third with no outs . Martin
PITTSBURGH -- Trevor Williams did n't have his best stuff . Williams won for the first time in more than a month , and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the New York Mets 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Williams ( 9 - 7 ) allowed five hits in six innings , struck out five and walked three . Colin Moran hit a two - out RBI single in the sixth for the Pirates , who have won four of five following a five - game losing streak . Jacob deGrom ( 5 - 6 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in seven innings , striking out five without walking a batter . Gregory Polanco led off the eighth with a double and scored on Colin Moran 's single to make it 4 - 0 . deGrom ( 5 - 6 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in seven innings , striking out five without a walk . The Mets have lost four of five . The Mets loaded the bases with one out in the fourth on singles by Michael Conforto and Jose Bautista and a walk to Jeff McNeil . Devin Mesoraco grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Mets loaded the bases with one out in the fourth but Devin Mesoraco grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Pirates scored their first run in the sixth when Gregory Polanco singled with one out and stole second . He scored on Moran 's single to right . The Pirates broke it open in the seventh . Jordan Luplow led off with a single , moved to second on Francisco Cervelli 's sacrifice and took third on a single by Jordy Mercer . Pinch-hitter David Freese drove in a run with a groundout and Frazier followed with an RBI double . Gregory Polanco led off the bottom of the eighth with a double off Robert Gsellman and scored on Moran 's single to make it 5 - 0 .
CINCINNATI -- Matt Harvey has been one of the few bright spots for the NL 's top team . Harvey gave up two hits in five innings , and the Cincinnati Reds snapped a four - game losing streak with a 6 - 2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Harvey gave up two runs and two hits in five innings . He walked two and struck out five . Joey Votto had three hits , including a tiebreaking single in the sixth inning , and Joey Votto had three hits and drove in two runs . Vince Velasquez gave up two runs and six hits in five innings . He walked five and struck out four . The Reds have won six of their last seven games . Billy Hamilton led off the sixth with a double off Tommy Hunter ( 2 - 1 ) and moved to third on Jose Peraza 's sacrifice bunt . Hamilton scored on Votto 's single to right , and Gennett scored on Eugenio Suarez 's fielder 's choice to make it 4 - 2 . The Reds added two runs in the eighth off reliever Austin Davis . Peraza doubled and scored on Scooter Gennett 's double . Joey Votto followed with an RBI single . Hoskins ' homer gave the Phillies a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth . Cesar Hernandez led off with a walk and scored on Tucker Barnhart 's double down the right-field line . Adam Duvall followed with a single , but Velasquez got Harvey to pop out and Jose Peraza to ground out to end the threat . Harvey gave up two runs and two hits in five innings , including Rhys Hoskins ' two - run homer in the fourth . Adam Duvall walked with one out in the fourth and scored on Hamilton 's single to tie it at 2 .
MIAMI -- The Miami Marlins ' bullpen has been a problem . J. T. Realmuto singled home the winning run in the 10th inning , and the Marlins beat the Washington Nationals 2 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fifth consecutive victory . The Marlins improved to 5 - 0 for the first time since 2003 , when they won the first two games of the series . Kyle Barraclough hit Bryce Harper with a pitch to start the ninth , then gave up a single to Ryan Zimmerman . Harper advanced to third on a fielder 's choice by Juan Soto and scored on Daniel Murphy 's single to center . Magneuris Sierra led off the 10th with a single off Kelvin Herrera ( 2 - 2 ) and Miguel Rojas reached on an error by catcher Spencer Kieboom m . Brett Graves ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 10th for the win . Brett Graves ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . Harper was hit by a pitch leading off the ninth , and Ryan Zimmerman singled to put runners at the corners . Juan Soto grounded into a fielder 's choice , and Murphy singled to right to score Harper . Washington starter Gio Gonzalez allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked four . Gonzalez allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out four . The Marlins scored in the fourth when J. T. Realmuto walked , Starlin Castro walked and Cameron Maybin walked to load the bases . Yadiel Rivera followed with a sacrifice fly to center . The Nationals , who have lost six of their past seven games , fell to 0 - 4 on their homestand . The Marlins loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on walks to J. T. Realmuto and Starlin Castro and a walk to Starlin Castro . Realmuto scored on Yadiel Rivera 's sacrifice fly . The Nationals went 1 for 9 with runners in scoring position . The Marlins loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on walks to J. T. Realmuto and Starlin Castro and a walk to Starlin Castro . Realmuto scored on Yadiel Rivera 's sacrifice fly . The Nationals went 1 for 9 with runners in scoring position . The Marlins loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on walks to J. T. Realmuto and Starlin Castro and a walk to Starlin Castro . Realmuto scored on Yadiel Rivera 's sacrifice fly . The Nationals went 1 for 9 with runners in scoring position . The Marlins loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on walks to J. T. Realmuto and Starlin Castro and a walk to Starlin Castro . Realmuto scored on Yadiel Rivera 's sacrifice fly . The Nationals went 1 for 9 with runners in scoring position . The Marlins loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on walks to J. T. Realmuto and Starlin Castro and a walk to Starlin Castro . Realmuto scored on Yadiel Rivera 's sacrifice fly . The Nationals went 1 for 9 with runners in scoring position . The Marlins loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on walks to J. T. Realmuto and Starlin Castro and a walk to Starlin Castro . Realmuto scored on Yadiel Rivera 's sacrifice fly . The Nationals went 1 for 9 with runners in scoring position . The Marlins loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on walks to J. T. Realmuto and Starlin Castro and a walk to Starlin Castro . Realmuto scored on Yadiel Rivera 's sacrifice fly . The Nationals went 1 for 9 with runners in scoring position . The Marlins loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on walks to J. T. Realmuto and Starlin Castro and a walk to Starlin Castro . Realmuto scored on Yadiel Rivera 's sacrifice fly . The Nationals went 1 for 9 with runners in scoring position . The Marlins loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on walks to J. T. Realmuto and Starlin Castro and a walk to Starlin Castro . Realmuto scored on Yadiel Rivera 's sacrifice fly . The Nationals went 1 for 9 with runners in scoring position . The Marlins loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on walks to J. T. Realmuto and Starlin Castro and a walk to Starlin Castro . Realmuto scored on Yadiel Rivera 's sacrifice fly . The Nationals went 1 for 9 with runners in scoring position . The Marlins loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on walks to J. T. Realmuto and Starlin Castro and a walk to Starlin Castro . Realmuto scored on Yadiel Rivera 's sacrifice fly . The Nationals went 1 for 9 with runners in scoring position . The Marlins loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on walks to J. T. Realmuto and Starlin Castro and a walk to Starlin Castro . Realmuto scored on Yadiel Rivera 's sacrifice fly . The Nationals went 1 for 9 with runners in scoring position . The Marlins loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on walks to J. T. Realmuto and Starlin Castro and a walk to Starlin Castro . Realmuto scored on Yadiel Rivera 's sacrifice fly . The Nationals went 1 for 9 with runners in scoring position . The Marlins loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth on walks to J. T. Realmuto and Starlin Castro and a
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- The Tampa Bay Rays are on a roll , and the results are n't going to happen . Adeiny Hechavarria singled in the tiebreaking run in the seventh inning , and the Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 3 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . The Rays , who have won six of their last seven games , moved two games over .500 for the first time this season . Ryan Yarbrough ( 9 - 5 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings to earn his first win since June 26 . Austin Pruitt worked the ninth for his second save . Alex Cobb ( 2 - 14 ) gave up four runs , three earned , and eight hits in six - plus innings . The Rays took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Kevin Kiermaier hit a leadoff double and scored on a single by Jake Bauers before Ji-Man Choi singled in a run . Jonathan Schoop tied it in the fifth with a two - run homer off Ryan Yarbrough ( 9 - 5 ) , who gave up two runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings . The Rays took a 4 - 2 lead in the seventh . Ji-Man Choi led off with a double and scored on a single by Adeiny Hechavarria . Paul Fry came in and got pinch-hitter Daniel Robertson to ground into a double play . Paul Fry came in and got pinch hitter Daniel Robertson to ground into a double play . Austin Pruitt got the final four outs for his second save . Chris Davis hit his first major league homer , a solo shot off Rays closer Sergio Romo in the eighth that made it 4 - 3 . The Orioles have lost six of their last seven games .
ARLINGTON , Oakland ( AP ) -- The Oakland Athletics are starting to look a lot better about themselves . Adrian Beltre had three hits , Jurickson Profar had a two - run triple and Joey Gallo drove in a run with a groundout in the first inning to lead the Athletics to a 7 - 6 victory over the Texas Rangers on Friday night . The A 's won for only the second time in their last 10 road games . Trevor Cahill ( 2 - 2 ) allowed five runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked three . Blake Treinen worked the ninth for his 27th save in 31 chances . Bartolo Colon ( 5 - 9 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . Colon hit Nick Martini with a pitch to start the game , then gave up a single to Jed Lowrie and an RBI single to Khris Davis that made it 2 - 0 . The Rangers loaded the bases with no outs in the bottom of the first on a walk to Shin-Soo Choo , a single by Elvis Andrus and an RBI single by Adrian Beltre . Odor scored on Joey Gallo 's groundout . The Rangers tied it in the bottom of the second when Ronald Guzman led off with a double and scored on Shin-Soo Choo 's single . The A 's made it 6 - 3 in the fourth on Dustin Fowler 's RBI triple and Semien 's RBI single . The Rangers cut the deficit to 6 - 5 in the fifth on Jurickson Profar 's two - run triple . Chapman hit a one - out triple off Alex Claudio in the eighth and scored on Jonathan Lucroy 's sacrifice fly .
NEW YORK -- Corey Oswalt 's first major league win was a memorable one . Oswalt pitched five effective innings for his first major league win , and the New York Mets beat the San Diego Padres 6 - 4 on Wednesday night . Oswalt ( 1 - 2 ) allowed two runs and three hits , struck out four and walked two in his first start of the season . Amed Rosario hit a two - run single in a four - run fifth , and Jose Bautista hit a two - run homer for the Mets , who won for the fourth time in five games . Freddy Galvis hit a two - run homer off Tim Peterson in the seventh for San Diego . Anthony Swarzak got three outs for his second save . Clayton Richard ( 7 - 10 ) gave up six runs and five hits in five innings . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Eric Hosmer led off with a single and took third on Manuel Margot 's single . Hosmer scored when Freddy Galvis grounded into a double play . Austin Hedges hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Jose Bautista drew a leadoff walk in the fifth and scored on Plawecki 's one - out single . Brandon Nimmo reached on a fielder 's choice and Jose Reyes reached on an infield single . Phil Maton relieved Richard and gave up a two - run single to Kevin Plawecki that made it 4 - 2 . Galvis hit a two - run homer off Tim Peterson in the seventh , and Austin Hedges hit a one - out single before Cory Spangenberg walked to load the bases with one out . Robert Gsellman came on and got Travis Jankowski to fly out to right and Carlos Asuaje to fly out .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- Brandon Woodruff had his first major league hit , a two - run homer and a double . The Pittsburgh Pirates ' rookie hit his first major league home run and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Milwaukee Brewers 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Woodruff ( 6 - 6 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in four - plus innings , including a two - run homer by Gregory Polanco in the first and a run-scoring double by Josh Bell in the fourth . Nick Kingham ( 4 - 4 ) struck out a season-high nine in 6 1/3 innings , allowing three runs and five hits . Kyle Crick got the final four outs for his second save . Junior Guerra ( 6 - 6 ) gave up six runs and nine hits in four - plus innings . He walked two and struck out four . The Pirates scored three runs in the first inning on a sacrifice fly by Gregory Polanco and an RBI single by Colin Moran and a run-scoring double by Josh Bell . Hernan Perez drove in Milwaukee 's first run with a single in the third . The Pirates added a run in the third on a single by Josh Bell and a two - out RBI double by Jordy Mercer . Polanco hit a solo homer in the fourth to make it 6 - 1 . Travis Shaw hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . The Pirates added a run in the eighth off Jacob Barnes . Colin Moran led off with a single and scored on Bell 's fourth triple of the season .
NEW YORK -- Brandon Nimmo 's first homer of the season was a memorable one . Nimmo hit a pinch-hit , three - run shot in the 10th inning , giving the New York Mets a 3 - 0 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . The Mets have won four straight and six of seven . Nimmo 's homer off Mark Leiter Jr. ( 0 - 1 ) gave New York a 3 - 0 lead in the 10th inning . Nimmo was activated from the disabled list before the game . Robert Gsellman ( 6 - 2 ) pitched the 10th for the win . The Phillies , who have lost five of six , were shut out for the fifth time this season . Philadelphia starter Vince Velasquez allowed two hits in six shutout innings . He struck out three and walked one . Phillies starter Vince Velasquez gave up two hits in six shutout innings . He struck out three and walked one . Velasquez struck out three and walked one in six innings . The Phillies have been shut out in consecutive games for the first time in franchise history . The Mets have won five of their last six games . New York has won six of its last seven games . The Mets have won six of their last seven games . New York has won six of its last seven games . The Mets have won six of their last seven games . New York has won six of its last seven games . The Mets have won six of their last seven overall . New York has won six of its last seven games . The Mets have won six of their last seven overall .
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles found a way to win . Jonathan Schoop drove in the winning run with a two - out single in the ninth inning , and the Orioles beat the New York Yankees 6 - 5 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . It was the first time this season the Orioles won a game in which they scored more than three runs . The Yankees , who have lost six of their last eight games , fell to 0 - 4 on their 10-game homestand . Baltimore trailed 5 - 3 in the bottom of the ninth when Caleb Joseph was hit by a pitch from Dellin Betances ( 1 - 3 ) and Adam Jones doubled with one out . After Manny Machado was intentionally walked to load the bases , Betances struck out Mark Trumbo before Schoop lined a single to left . Zach Britton ( 1 - 0 ) worked the ninth to earn his first major league win . Manny Machado homered twice for the Yankees , including a two - run shot in the seventh that tied the game at 5 . Didi Gregorius hit a one - out double in the seventh and scored on a sacrifice fly by Greg Bird to make it 4 - 3 . Neil Walker 's RBI single off Miguel Castro made it 5 - 3 . New York went up 3 - 2 in the fifth . Didi Gregorius hit a one - out single and Andujar walked before Bird drove a 2 - 2 pitch into the left-field seats . The Orioles took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Chris Davis singled with two outs and Trey Mancini walked before Joey Rickard hit a two - run double to center . New York went up 3 - 2 in the fifth . Didi Gregorius hit a one - out single and Miguel Andujar walked before Bird drove a 2 - 2 pitch into the left-field seats . Machado tied it in the fifth with a drive to left that tied it at 3 .
SEATTLE -- Ryon Healy is making a strong case to stay in the major leagues . Healy hit a three - run homer and drove in five runs to lead the Seattle Mariners to a 6 - 4 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Friday night . Healy 's homer off Antonio Senzatela ( 3 - 2 ) gave the Mariners a 6 - 4 lead in the sixth inning . It was his fifth of the season and second in two days . Healy was activated from the disabled list before the game after being sidelined by a strained left hamstring . He was activated from the disabled list before the game . Senzatela ( 3 - 2 ) gave up six runs and five hits in six innings , walking three and striking out two . He was replaced by Edwin Diaz , who struck out the side in the ninth for his 35th save in 40 chances . Wade LeBlanc ( 5 - 0 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings . He walked none and struck out three . Edwin Diaz struck out the side in the ninth for his 35th save in 40 chances . Antonio Senzatela ( 3 - 2 ) gave up six runs and five hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out two . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Charlie Blackmon 's first home run of the season . Dee Gordon singled to lead off the bottom of the first and was hit by a pitch to start the inning . Mitch Haniger was hit by a pitch with one out and Nelson Cruz walked to load the bases . Kyle Seager hit a sacrifice fly and Denard Span walked to load the bases . Healy then lined a two - run double into the right-field corner to give Seattle a 3 - 1 lead . The Rockies regained the lead in the sixth . Nolan Arenado singled with two outs and Story followed with a home run to right .
CHICAGO -- The Chicago Cubs had a chance to win the game . David Bote drew a bases-loaded walk in the 10th inning to force in the winning run , and the Cubs beat the Cincinnati Reds 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Cubs won for only the second time in their last 10 games at Wrigley Field . Adam Duvall tied it with a leadoff homer in the ninth off Cubs closer Brandon Morrow , but the Cubs could n't hold on . Willson Contreras drew a leadoff walk from Jackson Stephens ( 2 - 2 ) and advanced to second on a wild pitch . After Victor Caratini struck out , Ian Happ was intentionally walked . Luke Farrell ( 3 - 3 ) struck out two in a perfect 10th for the win . The Cubs loaded the bases with one out in the ninth against Jared Hughes on a single by David Bote , a wild pitch and a single by Albert Almora Jr. . Javier Baez hit a two - run single off David Hernandez to put the Cubs up 5 - 4 , but David Hernandez got Anthony Rizzo to ground out to end the inning . Lester allowed four runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out two and walked three . Reds starter Luis Castillo gave up three runs and six hits in four innings . He struck out three and walked two . The Cubs took a 2 - 0 lead in the second when Kyle Schwarber drew a leadoff walk and took second on Ian Happ 's single . Russell followed with a two - run double down the left-field line to make it 2 - 0 . Hamilton doubled in the third , stole third and scored on Jose Peraza 's single . The Reds regained the lead in the fifth when Hamilton drew a two - out walk , stole second and scored on catcher Willson Contreras ' throwing error .
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros are starting to feel good about themselves . Yuli Gurriel hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs to lead the Houston Astros to a 12 - 6 win over the Chicago White Sox on Friday night . The Astros have won six of their last seven games and are a season-high 10 games over .500 . Charlie Morton ( 11 - 2 ) allowed five hits and five runs in 5 2/3 innings for the Astros , who have won three of four . Morton was replaced by Will Harris after allowing a single to Yoan Moncada and walking Yolmer Sanchez with no outs in the sixth . Bregman 's homer off James Shields ( 3 - 10 ) put Houston up 8 - 5 in the sixth inning . Alex Bregman hit a leadoff double in the eighth and scored on a single by Yuli Gurriel to make it 6 - 6 . Juan Minaya came in and walked Evan Gattis to load the bases before Juan Minaya came in and walked Kyle Tucker to force in a run . Max Stassi added an RBI single off Juan Minaya . Charlie Morton ( 11 - 2 ) allowed five hits and five runs in 5 2/3 innings for the win . James Shields ( 3 - 10 ) gave up eight runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings for the loss . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Evan Gattis doubled with one out and scored on a two - out double by Stassi to make it 1 - 0 . Gurriel 's homer made it 4 - 0 in the third inning . Yoan Moncada singled to start the fourth inning before Yolmer Sanchez doubled . Morton struck out Jose Abreu before Avisail Garcia hit a sacrifice fly to cut the lead to 4 - 1 . Shields walked George Springer to start the fifth before a single by Altuve put runners at second and third with one out . Josh Reddick drove in a run with a fielder 's choice grounder to make it 5 - 1 . Evan Gattis followed with an RBI single to push the lead to 6 - 1 . The White Sox loaded the bases with one out in the sixth on a single by Yoan Moncada , a walk to Yolmer Sanchez and a fielder 's choice by Abreu . Matt Davidson 's RBI single off Jace Fry made it 6 - 2 , and Omar Narvaez hit a three - run double to make it 6 - 5 before Harris struck out Tim Anderson to end the inning . Bregman doubled to start the eighth and scored on Yuli Gurriel 's single to make it 6 - 2 . Josh Reddick singled and Evan Gattis walked to load the bases before Juan Minaya came in and walked Tucker to force in a run . Stassi 's single off Juan Minaya scored Reddick to make it 6 - 5 .
PHOENIX -- The Arizona Diamondbacks had a chance to win the game . Steven Souza Jr. hit a go-ahead , two - run single in the sixth inning , Zack Godley pitched six effective innings and the Diamondbacks beat the San Diego Padres 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . The Diamondbacks won for the 10th time in 12 games and moved a season-high 10 games over .500 . Godley ( 10 - 6 ) gave up one run and four hits , striking out seven and walking one . Brad Boxberger pitched a perfect ninth for his 21st save in 23 tries . Rookie left-hander Joey Lucchesi ( 4 - 4 ) gave up two runs and three hits in 5 1/3 innings , striking out five and walking one . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a fielder 's choice by Carlos Asuaje . Nick Ahmed led off the eighth with a double off Craig Stammen and scored on Steven Souza Jr. 's single to put Arizona up 3 - 1 . Robbie Erlin came on and got Chris Owings to fly out to left to end the inning . Godley walked to start the sixth , then Nick Ahmed and Paul Goldschmidt singled to load the bases with one out . Pollock was hit by a pitch to bring in Godley , and Steven Souza Jr. drove in Ahmed with a groundout off Adam Cimber . The Padres threatened in the seventh when Freddy Galvis singled with one out , then Hirano hit Austin Hedges with a pitch to put runners on first and second with one out . But Yoshihisa Hirano got pinch-hitter Wil Myers to ground into a double play to end the threat . Freddy Galvis singled with one out in the seventh off Yoshihisa Hirano , then hit Austin Hedges with a pitch to put runners on first and second with one out . Robbie Erlin came in and got Chris Owings to fly out to end the inning .
ARLINGTON , Houston ( AP ) -- The Houston Astros are starting to get contributions from their offense . Josh Reddick and Tony Kemp hit two - run homers in the third inning , and the Astros beat the Texas Rangers 5 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Astros have won five of their last six games , including four in a row . Keuchel ( 5 - 8 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking one . The Astros scored twice in the first off Austin Bibens-Dirkx ( 1 - 2 ) , who was making his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained left hamstring . Josh Reddick 's solo homer in the third was the first of his career , and Kemp added a two - run shot later in the inning to make it 5 - 0 . Delino DeShields had an RBI double in the third for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . The Rangers got within 5 - 2 in the fifth when Ronald Guzman doubled and scored on a two - out single by Shin-Soo Choo . Tony Sipp got the last out of the eighth , and Hector Rondon struck out Robinson Chirinos with the bases loaded for his sixth save in eight chances . The Rangers loaded the bases with one out in the eighth on a walk to Shin-Soo Choo , a single by Elvis Andrus and a walk to Adrian Beltre . Choo scored on a fielder 's choice by Rougned Odor , and Joey Gallo walked to load the bases before Rondon struck out pinch-hitter Joey Gallo . The Rangers had the bases loaded in the ninth when Elvis Andrus grounded into a fielder 's choice . Austin Bibens-Dirkx ( 1 - 2 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in six innings .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- J. D. Martinez is making the most of his opportunity . Martinez hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs to lead the Boston Red Sox to an 11 - 4 victory over the Washington Nationals on Friday night . Martinez hit a three - run homer off Matt Grace in the top of the ninth , and Xander Bogaerts hit a three - run shot in the ninth for the Red Sox , who won for the fourth time in five games . Martinez , who had a two - run homer in the opener of a three - game series , had a two - run single and a double . Eduardo Nunez hit a three - run homer and Xander Bogaerts added a three - run shot in the fifth for Boston . Tanner Roark ( 3 - 10 ) gave up nine runs and 10 hits in seven innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Red Sox broke the game open with a five - run fifth , highlighted by Bogaerts ' three - run homer . Severino led off the bottom of the sixth with a homer off Heath Hembree to make it 9 - 3 . Goodwin homered in the bottom of the ninth off William Cuevas , who was making his major league debut . Nunez gave the Red Sox a 3 - 0 lead with a three - run homer in the second . Mitch Moreland and Xander Bogaerts led off with singles . The Nationals scored two runs in the fourth on RBI singles by Reynolds and Roark . Johnson allowed two runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Aramis Mets manager Bruce Bochy is n't sure if he 'll be ready to play in the All-Star Game at the All-Star break . Garcia hit his first home run of the season and the San Francisco Giants beat the New York Mets 7 - 0 on Tuesday night to end a four - game losing streak . Brandon Belt doubled to lead off the seventh and scored on Chris Shaw 's sacrifice fly to give the Giants a 1 - 0 lead . Belt 's two - run triple off Drew Smith highlighted a six - run eighth that gave the Giants a 7 - 0 lead . Zack Wheeler ( 9 - 7 ) struck out a season-high nine in seven innings , allowing one run and four hits . He walked none and struck out a season-high nine in seven innings . Aramis Longoria and Brandon Belt had two hits apiece for the Giants , who won for the sixth time in eight games . Andrew Suarez ( 6 - 9 ) struck out five and did n't walk a batter in seven shutout innings . The Mets did n't get a runner past second base until the seventh , when Jeff McNeil was hit by a pitch to start the inning . Austin Jackson followed with a single , but Suarez got Wilmer Flores to fly out to right and Jay Bruce to ground into a double play . The Mets did n't get a runner past second base until the seventh , when Jeff McNeil was hit by a pitch to start the inning . Austin Jackson followed with a single , but Suarez got Wilmer Flores to fly out to right and then got Jay Bruce to ground into a double play . Nimmo doubled off Tony Watson in the eighth , but Jose Reyes popped out and Michael Conforto grounded out to end the inning . Belt doubled and scored on Chris Shaw 's sacrifice fly in the seventh to give San Francisco a 1 - 0 lead . The Mets threatened in the eighth when Nimmo doubled with one out , but Jose Reyes popped out and Michael Conforto grounded out .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- The Washington Nationals finally broke out of their offensive doldrums . Mark Reynolds hit a grand slam in Washington 's six - run ninth inning , and the Nationals routed the New York Mets 15 - 0 on Tuesday night . The NL East-leading Nationals won for the fourth time in five games and improved to a major league-best 43 - 19 at home . They have won six of their last seven overall and 11 of 13 overall . Rodriguez ( 2 - 1 ) gave up two hits in six innings , walking four and striking out three . Steven Matz ( 5 - 11 ) gave up one run and five hits in seven innings . He struck out seven and walked one . The Mets have lost four straight and six of seven . The Nationals broke it open with five runs in the eighth off Paul Sewald . Trea Turner led off with a double and Anthony Rendon followed with a single . After Ryan Zimmerman struck out , Juan Soto hit an RBI groundout . The Nationals broke it open in the eighth against Paul Sewald . Adam Eaton led off with a single , stole second and went to third on a single by Juan Soto . Zimmerman struck out , but Juan Soto walked to make it 2 - 0 . Adam Eaton followed with a single , but Justin Miller got Justin Miller to ground into a double play to end the inning . Turner doubled and scored on Soto 's groundout in the sixth to give the Nationals a 1 - 0 lead . Rodriguez walked Todd Frazier with one out in the sixth , then got Jay Bruce to ground out and struck out Michael Conforto .
DETROIT -- The Chicago White Sox are finally starting to find a way to win . Daniel Palka and Daniel Palka each hit two - run homers in the ninth inning , and the White Sox beat the Detroit Tigers 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . Kopech ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and seven hits in six innings . He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Detroit loaded the bases with one out in the ninth , but Jace Fry came on and got Victor Martinez to pop out and struck out pinch-hitter Jose Iglesias for his third save . Jordan Zimmermann ( 6 - 6 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in six - plus innings . He struck out five without a walk . The White Sox scored four runs in the third on a two - run single by Avisail Garcia and a two - run homer by Palka . The White Sox added a run in the sixth on a double by Omar Narvaez and a triple by Yoan Moncada . The Tigers added two runs in the sixth on a double by Nicholas Castellanos , an RBI double by Victor Martinez and a bases-loaded walk to Omar Narvaez . The White Sox added two runs in the seventh off Buck Farmer and Josh Smoker . Adam Engel scored on a sacrifice fly by Tim Anderson , and Engel Engel scored on a sacrifice fly by Mahtook to make it 6 - 1 . The Tigers added two more runs in the seventh on a single by Niko Goodrum , a walk to Avisail Garcia and a bases-loaded walk to Omar Narvaez . The White Sox added two runs in the seventh off Buck Farmer . Adam Engel doubled and scored on Tim Anderson 's sacrifice fly .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Houston Astros have n't had a winning record since the All-Star break . Marwin Gonzalez hit a two - run homer , Marwin Gonzalez and Marwin Gonzalez also went deep and the Astros beat the Los Angeles Angels 8 - 3 on Wednesday night . The Astros won for the seventh time in eight games and reduced their magic number for clinching their fourth straight division title to six . Justin Verlander ( 13 - 8 ) gave up three runs and six hits over six innings , struck out six and walked two . Jaime Barria ( 8 - 8 ) gave up four runs and five hits over three innings in his shortest outing of the season . The right-hander , who had won his previous three starts , was coming off a three - hit shutout against Seattle on Sunday . The Angels , coming off a three - game sweep of Oakland , have lost four of their last five . The Astros scored three runs in the first inning on an RBI single by Jose Altuve and a run-scoring double by Yuli Gurriel . The Astros increased their margin to 4 - 0 in the third when Altuve drew a leadoff walk , took second on a walk to Marwin Gonzalez and scored on a double by Yuli Gurriel . Ohtani hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Andrelton Simmons hit an RBI triple in the sixth for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Gonzalez hit a leadoff homer in the eighth off Williams Jerem<HOME> ez , who gave up four runs -- two earned -- and four hits in one - plus inning . Gonzalez homered off Williams Jerez in the eighth , and Alex Bregman added an RBI double later in the inning .
DETROIT -- Matt Boyd was n't as sharp as he 's been all season . Boyd pitched six - hit ball over six innings , and Jose Rondon hit a two - run homer in the eighth to lift the Detroit Tigers to a 7 - 2 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Boyd ( 8 - 11 ) allowed six hits , struck out six and walked one . Jose Rondon hit a two - run homer off Louis Coleman in the eighth to make it 7 - 2 . James Shields ( 5 - 15 ) gave up seven runs and 10 hits in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on Ronny Rodriguez 's RBI double and Grayson Greiner 's sacrifice fly . Castellanos led off the bottom of the sixth with a homer to make it 3 - 0 , and Mikie Mahtook and Rodriguez followed with back-to-back shots . Adduci had a two - out , two - run double in the seventh off Drew VerHagen . Jose Rondon hit a two - run homer off Louis Coleman in the eighth to make it 7 - 2 . The White Sox threatened again in the ninth , putting runners on first and second with one out , but Zac Reininger retired Tim Anderson on a foul pop to end the inning . The White Sox have lost four of five .
SEATTLE -- The Houston Astros had a lot to do with it . Martin Maldonado homered and drove in three runs , Martin Maldonado homered and drove in three runs , and the Astros beat the Seattle Mariners 10 - 7 on Wednesday night . The Astros won for the seventh time in nine games , and their magic number for clinching the AL West remained at three . Charlie Morton ( 13 - 3 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Roberto Osuna worked the ninth for his 10th save in 12 chances . Marco Gonzales ( 12 - 9 ) gave up eight runs and 11 hits in three - plus innings . He struck out three and did not walk a batter . The Astros jumped on Gonzales for two runs in the first inning . Alex Bregman singled and scored on White 's triple to right-center . White scored on a wild pitch to make it 2 - 0 . The Astros added a run in the second when Yuli Gurriel led off with a double and scored on Martin Maldonado 's single . The Astros added four runs in the fourth . Yuli Gurriel and Josh Reddick started the inning with consecutive singles . Martin Maldonado followed with an RBI double , Tony Kemp singled home a run and Carlos Correa added a sacrifice fly to make it 8 - 0 . Nelson Cruz hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Mariners . The Mariners added three runs in the sixth on an RBI single by Ryon Healy , a sacrifice fly by Gordon and a sacrifice fly by Gordon and a sacrifice fly by Gordon . Roenis Elias came on and got Cano to ground out to end the threat .
TORONTO -- Billy McKinney is starting to feel comfortable at the plate . Kinney hit a two - run homer and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Baltimore Orioles 8 - 2 on Friday night , snapping a four - game losing streak . Billy McKinney also went deep for the second straight game , and the Blue Jays won for the fifth time in six games . Smoak and Morales hit back-to-back homers in the fifth , the Blue Jays hit back-to-back homers for the first time this season . Gaviglio ( 3 - 6 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He walked one and struck out seven . Dylan Bundy ( 7 - 12 ) allowed seven runs and 10 hits in four innings , matching his shortest outing of the season . He walked none and struck out three . The Blue Jays opened the scoring in the first when Curtis Granderson doubled and scored on a two - out single by Kendrys Morales . Baltimore tied it in the second when Adam Jones singled and scored on a two - out single by Caleb Joseph . Diaz made it 2 - 1 with a one - out homer in the second , his eighth . The Blue Jays made it 5 - 1 in the fourth when McKinney hit a two - run single and scored on Luke Maile 's grounder . Cedric Mullins hit Gaviglio 's first pitch of the fifth , his first home run of the season , cut it to 5 - 2 . The Blue Jays chased Bundy in the fifth . Smoak and Morales hit back-to-back homers , and Morales chased Bundy with a drive into the second deck in left . Jake Petricka replaced Jake Petricka in the eighth and got Chris Davis to strike out to end the inning .
MINNEAPOLIS -- Mikie Mahtook is making the most of his opportunity . Mahtook hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs to lead the Detroit Tigers to a 7 - 5 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Friday night . Mikie Mahtook had a three - run homer in the fifth inning for the Tigers , who have won four of their last five games . Mahtook is hitting .189 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last 10 games . The Tigers have won four of their last five games , including three straight at Target Field . Carpenter ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out three and walked none . Shane Greene got the final four outs for his 26th save in 28 chances . Tyler Duffey ( 1 - 2 ) took the loss . The Twins had runners on second and third with no outs in the first , but Carpenter struck out Miguel Sano and retired Logan Forsythe on a liner to center field . The Tigers loaded the bases with one out in the third on a single by Jim Adduci , a walk to Nicholas Castellanos and a walk to Niko Goodrum . Victor Martinez popped out before Mahtook was hit by a pitch to force in a run . Ronny Rodriguez followed with a two - run double to give the Tigers a 3 - 2 lead . Sano 's homer in the third inning tied the game at 3 , but Sano answered with a solo shot in the bottom of the inning to tie the game at 3 . Duffey hit Niko Goodrum with a pitch to start the bottom of the fifth , and Victor Martinez reached on a fielder 's choice before Mahtook 's home run . The Tigers added an unearned run in the eighth off Addison Reed . Greiner led off with a walk and scored on Reyes ' single . Garver 's two - run homer in the eighth off Joe Jimenez made it 7 - 5 .
CLEVELAND -- Carlos Carrasco has been one of the best pitchers in the American League . Carrasco pitched seven shutout innings , Trey Mancini hit a tiebreaking single in the eighth inning and the Cleveland Indians beat the Baltimore Orioles 2 - 1 on Wednesday night . Carrasco ( 15 - 6 ) allowed three hits and struck out six , improving to 5 - 0 in his last seven starts . The Indians have won six of their last seven games , including the first two of this four - game series . Carrasco has been one of the few bright spots for the Indians , who have won four of five . The Orioles scored in the eighth on Trey Mancini 's RBI single off Adam Cimber . Cody Allen worked the ninth for his 24th save in 26 chances . David Hess ( 2 - 7 ) gave up two runs and five hits over six innings . He walked four and struck out three . Ramirez gave the Indians a 2 - 0 lead in the first when he drove a 3 - 1 pitch over the wall in right for his 21st homer . Michael Brantley drew a one - out walk and Ramirez drove a 3 - 1 pitch over the wall in right for his 21st homer . The Indians loaded the bases with two outs in the third , but Hess struck out Yonder Alonso to end the inning . Hess walked Brantley and Ramirez to load the bases with two outs in the third , but struck out Yonder Alonso . The Orioles loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth on a single by Trumbo , a walk to Nunez and a single by Tim Beckham . Carrasco then struck out Joey Rickard . The Orioles loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth , but Carrasco struck out Joey Rickard .
NEW YORK -- Tampa Bay Rays manager Joe Maddon was n't sure what to expect . Mallex Smith had three hits , including a homer , and the Rays beat the New York Yankees 6 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . The Rays , who have the best record in the American League , have won six of their last seven games . The Rays , who have won six of their last seven , moved within one game of first-place Boston in the AL wild-card race . Tampa Bay beat New York 6 - 5 in 10 innings . Ryan Yarbrough ( 11 - 5 ) pitched four scoreless innings for the win . Luis Cessa ( 1 - 3 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings . Kevin Kiermaier hit a one - out double in the second and scored on Lowe 's two - out single . Miguel Andujar tied it in the bottom half with a leadoff homer off Jake Faria . The Rays loaded the bases with no outs in the third on a single by Mallex Smith , a single by Matt Duffy and a walk to Jake Bauers . Cessa struck out Joey Wendle , but Ji-Man Choi hit into a fielder 's choice that brought home Smith . Jonathan Holder came on and got Matt Duffy to strike out and struck out Jake Bauers . The Rays loaded the bases with one out in the fourth on a walk to Didi Gregorius and a one - out walk to Greg Bird before Lowe hit an RBI single . Lowe 's RBI single made it 6 - 1 in the fifth .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) -- The Philadelphia Phillies are in a pennant race . Mitch Moreland hit a three - run double and the Phillies rallied to beat the Boston Red Sox 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Phillies won for the seventh time in nine games and improved to a major league-best 43 - 19 at home . They 've won six of their last seven games . The Phillies have won six of their last seven games , including three of their last four . Ramos led off the sixth with a triple off Joe Kelly ( 4 - 1 ) and went to third on Maikel Franco 's one - out walk . Kelly ( 4 - 1 ) then struck out Cesar Hernandez to end the inning . Wilson Ramos hit a two - run double off Drew Pomeranz in the seventh to make it 6 - 3 , and Maikel Franco added an RBI single to make it 7 - 3 . The Red Sox scored an unearned run off Pat Neshek in the eighth . J. D. Martinez and Xander Bogaerts singled to start the inning and Jackie Bradley Jr. reached on an error by third baseman Rafael Devers , loading the bases with no outs . Mitch Moreland 's three - run double made it 3 - 0 . Velasquez walked J. D. Martinez and Xander Bogaerts to load the bases before Hector Neris came in and retired Jackie Bradley Jr. on a shallow fly to right . The Phillies scored three runs in the fourth to tie it at 3 . Rhys Hoskins reached on a fielding error by third baseman Rafael Devers and took third on Nick Williams ' single . Wilson Ramos followed with a double to right to score Hoskins and make it 3 - 2 . Williams scored on Odubel Herrera 's groundout and Ramos scored on Carlos Santana 's pinch-hit single to tie it at 3 . Eovaldi allowed three runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in five innings .
ATLANTA -- Ronald Acuna Jr. is making the most of his opportunity . Acuna homered and drove in three runs to lead the Atlanta Braves to a 9 - 1 victory over the Miami Marlins on Friday night . Acuna became the youngest player in major league history to homer in his first two major league games , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . He also walked twice , scored three times and drove in three runs . The Braves have won three of four . Toussaint ( 1 - 0 ) gave up two hits , one run , two walks and struck out four in six innings . Pablo Lopez ( 2 - 3 ) gave up six hits and six runs -- five earned -- with two walks and five strikeouts in 5 1/3 innings . The Braves broke the game open with a four - run sixth . Johan Camargo led off with a double , moved to third on Ender Inciarte 's groundout and scored on Charlie Culberson 's double off Javy Guerra . Acuna scored on Ozzie Albies ' single off Javy Guerra . Atlanta tied it in the bottom of the inning . Derek Dietrich led off with a walk and scored on Johan Camargo 's double down the right-field line . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth when Nick Markakis doubled and scored on Johan Camargo 's double . The Braves added three runs in the sixth . Johan Camargo led off with a double , moved to third on Ender Inciarte 's groundout and scored on Charlie Culberson 's double off Javy Guerra . Chad Sobotka , making his first appearance of the season , replaced Garcia and gave up an RBI single to Ozzie Albies . The Marlins loaded the bases with one out in the ninth against Chad Sobotbotka , but Yadiel Rivera struck out .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- The St. Louis Cardinals are on a roll . Jose Martinez hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning , Jose Martinez added a two - run shot and the Cardinals beat the Kansas City Royals 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Cardinals have won six of their last seven games . Jack Flaherty ( 6 - 6 ) gave up two runs and three hits in seven innings . He walked three and struck out nine . Jordan Hicks got the last four outs for his third save in four opportunities . Danny Duffy ( 7 - 11 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . The Cardinals scored four runs in the third inning on an RBI single by Jose Martinez and a run-scoring triple by Paul DeJong . Alcides Escobar hit a two - run homer in the fifth to cut the Cardinals ' lead to 4 - 2 , but the Royals did n't get another hit until Ryan O'Hearn singled with one out in the bottom of the inning . Bader added a two - run homer in the sixth for the Royals , who have won four of their last five games . Dakota Hudson walked Escobar to lead off the eighth , and Whit Merrifield grounded into a double play before Hudson walked Alex Gordon to force in a run . Jordan Hicks struck out Salvador Perez to pick up his third save in four opportunities . Alcides Escobar drew a leadoff walk in the eighth and went to second on a single by Adalberto Mondesi , but Whit Merrifield grounded into a double play . Hudson walked Alex Gordon to force in a run before striking out Salvador Perez to end the inning . Jose Martinez added a two - run homer in the ninth off Brian Flynn .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Gio Gonzalez did n't have his best stuff . Gonzalez allowed one run in seven innings , and the Washington Nationals beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 3 on Friday night . Gonzalez ( 7 - 8 ) allowed one run and six hits . He walked one and struck out three . The Braves scored a run in the ninth off Ryan Madson on a sacrifice fly by Dansby Swanson . The Braves have lost four straight and six of seven . Wes Parsons ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out three . Nick Markakis led off the second with a home run for Atlanta . The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a bases-loaded walk to Juan Soto , a sacrifice fly by Anthony Rendon and a sacrifice fly by Juan Soto . Taylor 's homer made it 3 - 1 in the fourth . The Nationals made it 4 - 1 in the sixth . Anthony Rendon led off with a single and scored on Murphy 's double . The Braves had a chance to add to their lead in the eighth , but pinch-hitter Ryan Flaherty was thrown out at the plate trying to score from first on Murphy 's single to right . The Nationals added two runs in the eighth off Adam McCreery . Anthony Rendon and Daniel Murphy singled to start the inning and Zimmerman followed with an RBI single .
CLEVELAND -- Francisco Lindor is making a habit of getting a big hit . Lindor hit a three - run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Cleveland Indians a 5 - 2 win over the Minnesota Twins on Friday night . Lindor 's homer was his fourth of the season and second in as many games . He also had a two - run double in the ninth to help Cleveland win for the 10th time in 12 games . Jason Kipnis started the winning rally with a one - out single off Trevor Hildenberger ( 2 - 3 ) . After Yan Gomes flied out , Brandon Guyer singled to right to put runners on first and third with two outs . Lindor then hit the first pitch over the wall in right for his fourth home run of the season . Cody Allen ( 4 - 4 ) gave up a leadoff homer to Miguel Sano in the ninth before striking out Max Kepler and Allen . The Indians won for the 10th time in 12 games and moved within one game of first-place Detroit in the AL Central . The Twins , who have lost six of seven , fell to 1 - 5 on their 10-game homestand . The Twins had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Brad Hand got Eddie Rosario to line out and struck out pinch-hitter Johnny Field . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Edwin Encarnacion 's sacrifice fly . The Twins tied it in the fourth when Miguel Sano led off with a double and scored on Logan Forsythe 's one - out double . The Indians took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on Brantley 's RBI groundout .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Giancarlo Stanton was n't sure what to expect . Stanton hit a grand slam and drove in four runs , and the New York Yankees beat the Chicago White Sox 7 - 3 on Tuesday night for their seventh straight victory . Stanton 's slam capped a six - run second inning against Lucas Giolito ( 7 - 9 ) , who was making his second start since coming off the disabled list with a right shoulder strain . Stanton is hitting .279 with three homers and seven RBIs in his last six games . Luis Severino ( 15 - 5 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . He struck out eight without a walk . Lucas Giolito ( 7 - 9 ) gave up seven runs and six hits in five innings . He struck out seven and walked three . Jose Abreu and Daniel Palka had RBI singles in the first to give Chicago a 2 - 0 lead . Gleyber Torres drew a leadoff walk in the second and moved to second on Neil Walker 's one - out single . Austin Romine and Shane Robinson followed with RBI singles to tie it at 2 . Hicks led off the fifth with a drive to left , his 15th of the season . Tim Anderson led off the bottom of the fifth with a homer to cut it to 7 - 3 , but Severino struck out Kevan Smith and Adam Engel before giving way to the bullpen . The Yankees have won Severino 's last 11 starts . Tim Anderson led off the fifth with a homer to cut Chicago 's lead to 7 - 3 , but Severino struck out Kevan Smith and Adam Engel and got Yolmer Sanchez to hit into a double play .
CHICAGO -- Daniel Palka was n't sure if he 'd hit a home run . Palka came through with a pinch-hit , three - run shot in the eighth inning , and the Chicago White Sox beat the Kansas City Royals 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Merrifield 's homer was his first of the season and the first pinch-hit homer of his career . Palka , who entered as a pinch hitter in the eighth , hit a 2 - 1 pitch from Jason Adam ( 0 - 3 ) into the left-field seats to tie it at 3 . It was his fourth of the season and second in two days . It was Palka 's first career pinch-hit homer and the first by a pinch hitter since Hall of Famer Harmon Killebrew in 2000 . Palka 's homer came off Xavier Cedeno ( 1 - 0 ) , who gave up two runs and two hits in the eighth . Jeanmar Gomez got the last out of the ninth , and Luis Avilan got the final two outs for his first save . Whit Merrifield hit a three - run homer in the eighth for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Kansas City starter Brad Keller struck out nine in 6 1/3 innings , allowing two runs and five hits . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Jose Abreu doubled and scored on Omar Narvaez 's single . The White Sox added a run in the seventh when Omar Narvaez walked and Leury Garcia walked with one out . Tim Hill relieved and struck out pinch-hitter Adam Engel before Anderson doubled to left to make it 2 - 0 . The White Sox added a run in the seventh when Omar Narvaez walked and Leury Garcia walked with one out . Tim Hill replaced Keller and struck out pinch-hitter Adam Engel . Anderson then hit an RBI double to put the White Sox up 2 - 0 .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have n't had a winning record since the All-Star break . Matt Kemp 's two - run double in the ninth inning lifted the Dodgers to a 3 - 2 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday night , snapping the Dodgers ' four - game winning streak . The Dodgers won for the fourth time in five games and remained two games behind first-place San Francisco in the NL West . Kenley Jansen ( 1 - 5 ) got the win with a scoreless inning in relief of Caleb Ferguson , who gave up a homer to Daniel Descalso leading off the ninth . Brad Boxberger ( 2 - 5 ) walked Alex Verdugo leading off the ninth and then walked Max Muncy . Enrique Hernandez 's sacrifice advanced the runners to second and third before Kemp lined a first-pitch fastball into the left-field corner . Yoshihisa Hirano pitched the eighth and Andrew Chafin got the final two outs of the eighth for the Diamondbacks . Kenley Jansen ( 1 - 5 ) got the win with a scoreless inning of relief . Caleb Ferguson gave up a leadoff homer to Daniel Descalso in the ninth . The Dodgers tied it in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Alex Avila that scored Paul Goldschmidt , who led off with a single . Buehler allowed one run and two hits in 6 1/3 innings , struck out nine and walked three . Arizona starter Clay Buchholz gave up one run and four hits in five innings , struck out four and walked two . Muncy led off the fifth with a homer to left field , giving the Dodgers a 1 - 0 lead . The Diamondbacks loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth , but Caleb Ferguson struck out Eduardo Escobar .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Christian Yelich is making the most of his opportunity . Yelich hit his first career grand slam and drove in four runs to lead the Milwaukee Brewers to a 9 - 4 victory over the Washington Nationals on Friday night . Yelich 's grand slam capped a nine - run fifth inning for the Brewers , who took two of three from the NL East-leading Nationals . Yelich , who is hitting .316 with two homers and seven RBIs in his last seven games , is hitting .316 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last 10 games . Broxton 's homer came after Eric Thames doubled with one out in the fifth and Manny Pina singled with two outs . Broxton then hit a 2 - 0 pitch from Tim Collins over the wall in right for his fourth homer of the season . It was the second grand slam of Yelich 's career . Woodruff ( 2 - 2 ) allowed seven runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . He walked seven and struck out two . The Nationals took a 4 - 2 lead in the third on Juan Soto 's RBI single and Reynolds ' two - run single . The Brewers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Curtis Granderson walked , Christian Yelich walked and Eric Thames singled to load the bases for Moustakas , who drove in Granderson and Yelich with a single to center . Wilmer Difo 's second homer of the season cut it to 2 - 1 in the bottom of the second . The Nationals took a 4 - 2 lead in the third . Adam Eaton singled with one out , moved to second on a wild pitch and Bryce Harper walked . Juan Soto hit an RBI single and Mark Reynolds added a two - run single .
SAN FRANCISCO -- The New York Mets are on their longest winning streak of the season . Todd Frazier drove in Wilmer Flores with a sacrifice fly in the 11th inning , and the Mets beat the San Francisco Giants 2 - 1 on Sunday to complete a three - game sweep . The Mets won for the seventh time in eight games and moved within one game of first-place Philadelphia in the NL East . The Mets won for the fourth time in five games and handed San Francisco its fifth loss in six games . Wilmer Flores led off the 11th with a double off Hunter Strickland ( 3 - 4 ) and advanced to third on Jay Bruce 's groundout . Flores scored on Frazier 's fly to right . Robert Gsellman pitched a perfect 11th for his ninth save in 12 chances . The Mets won for the seventh time in nine games and moved within one game of the first-place Giants in the NL West . The Giants lost to the Giants in 11 innings on Friday . The Giants have lost four of five . Evan Longoria homered leading off the fourth for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Tomas Nido hit an RBI double in the fifth for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Holland allowed one run and four hits in six innings , struck out three and walked three . Giants starter Derek Holland allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out three .
